@USER She should ask a few native Americans what their take on this is.
@USERS Go home you are drunk! maga trump2020 oncoming fist United States oncoming fist http
Amazon is investigating Chinese employees who are selling internal data to third-party sellers looking for an edge in the competitive marketplace. http amazon maga kag china t cot
 @USER Someone should'veTaken this piece of shit to a volcano. face with tears of joy 
@USERS Obama wanted liberals &amp illegals to move into red states
@USER Liberals are all Kookoo !
@USERS Oh noes! Tough shit.
@USER was literally just talking about this all mass shootings like that have been set ups. it is propaganda used to divide us on major issues like gun control and terrorism
@USER Buy more icecream!
@USER Canada does not need another CUCK! We already have enough looney left liberals f king up our great country! q proofs trudeau must go
@USERS it is not my fault you support gun control
@USERS What's the difference between kavanaugh and One of these men admitted to groping a 15 year old girl years ago. The other is going to be confirmed to the SCJ dems are frauds dems are done walk away democrats 2018 red wave vote red save america trump train maga http
@USER you are a lying corrupt traitor! Nobody wants to hear anymore of your lies! deep state corruption http
@USERS It should scare every American! She is playing Hockey with a warped puck!
@USERSI like my soda like I like my boarders with a lot of ICE.
@USER you are also the king of taste
maga @USER musical notes Sing like no one is listening heart suit selector Love like you've never been hurt check mark Vote GOP when no one is watching hear-no-evil monkey And do not listen to Liberals' dirt http
 5 or 5 @USER The time is right for this House to respond to the concerns of all Canadians. Four out of five Canadians support stronger gun control and with good reason. gun control cdn poli cdn hist
@USER Besides Jax's mom and maybe Ope he is hands down my favorite he is like the only good person on the show face with tears of joy 
@USERS gun control! That is all these kids are asking for!
@USERS ! Throwing the BULLSHIT Flag on such nonsense! put up or shut up kavanaugh maga call the vote already http
@USERS You are correct.
@USERS Kind of like when conservatives wanna associate everyone to their left as communist antifa members?
@USERS Da fuck is going on people? There's the men's room and the women's room Pick one and stick w it thinking face 
@USER Been a Willie fan since before most of you were born.LOVE that he is holding a rally with Beto. Exactly WHICH fans are furious? Could you give some specifics? http
@USER to be honest these days i just do not like people in general i just do not connect with people these days just a annoyance.
 South Korean Official Leaders will discuss specific denuke measures in Pyongyang http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS You can tell he is a hooper too
@USER I feel like he is better chasing the title
@USERS She? To whom are you referring to? Hillary? You know what is tiresome? Bernie supporters bashing Hillary Clinton. She is an actual Democrat who raises money for the Democratic Party and does not bash them. She has a positive message. So who is dividing the left?
@USER Glad to see your friends are supporting Metis rights as much as you are supporting Zionists. http
@USER Yes you are but I was asking what is it about the movie ? man shrugging selector eyes 
The only thing the Democrats have is lying and stalling to stop Trump from being president What have they done for you lately. trump kavanaugh maga dem suck
@USER No wonder he is being apologetic and more social these day.
@USERS Any updates re ending your blatant racism as windrush &amp grenfell proves you are all out politics politics live pm qs http
@USERSDo you know what's going to happen now? I am going to have to lay in bed and cry while I listen to Kelly Clarkson. Thanks free speech antifa.
@USERSYou are not very smart are you? Why do you think Gen Flynn's sentencing keeps being rescheduled? http
@USERS that is expected if you placate the violent leftists or terrorists. kavanaugh confirmation woke
@USER Blow hard
@USERS That means you are a max lvl. Twitter user and maybe should try a new game
@USERS Please explain what controlled opposition means. As for Bernier escaping, he split with the rest of the Conservatives because he is even more racist and exclusionary than they want to be. 
@USERS Socialists politics that stand up for the downtrodden. And well done for conflating criticism of Israel with anti semitism. You are also part of the problem.
3. Nina One of the reasons I did not read this book for so long was because I was SO WORRIED about her character. I should've trusted everyone. Nina is a goddamn goddess I would die for a thousand times over. She is big and bold and lovely and PERFECT. HER ARC. IS. PERFECT.
@USERS . PLEASE vote NO on Kavanaugh. He is not fit for SCOTUS and allegations about women and shady financials should disqualify him. rule of law matters. me too country over party withdraw kavanaugh stop kavanaugh
@USERS people who say I am not racist are racist. You Are A Racist. Repeat after me 
@USER Kathy the Patriot Statue of Liberty YOU HAVE TO LOVE our GREAT PRESIDENT TRUMP! A SPINE OF you.S. STEEL! CHANGING IT! ON TRADE &amp EVERYTHING FOR AMERICANS! america first usa maga leadership &amp respect economy jobs peace thru strength god bless trump &amp the usa grinning face Statue of Liberty Statue of Liberty Statue of Liberty grinning face 
@USER Wow you liberals really do not have a sense of humor. face with rolling eyes 
@USER I am SO FUCKING READY
@USER Holy moly! If the catholic people haven't been awakened by this . false prophet lunatic
@USER yeah per dina he is There everyday per claudia no horse got vet care unless it was for donation example limping etc
@USERS What a surprise. same as antifa. BLM and so on and so on. Soros is Americas worst enemy in HISTORY. He believes the only way to take down the USA is from withing. And hes right. But it is not gunna happen.
@USER Me too! Her wedding was the best! She is very pretty!
@USERS No conflict here do not look at this. soros involved in violent left agenda of Antifa also.
@USERS http any of your announcements every come to fruition or is it basically stealing Labour's ideas to get a few more votes
4 out of 10 British people are basically full-on racists. 4 out of 10 voters vote for the Conservatives. Coincidence!?!?
gun control advocates must STOP falling all over themselves to assure electorate that they too love the HORRIFIC 2A http
@USERS Hi there! We love what a huge fan of Camila Mendes you are! Would it be alright if we used your tweet about her in our promotional material?
@USER Fuck off
@USER Certainly a weird view toward the Margaret Sanger geonicidal philosophy of aborting minorities. I'd like to know if the black population that suffers the most shares her opinion
@USERS The prison system is so fucked. Why are they still getting away with what is potentially murder with intent if the prisoners die in the hurricane? They did this in Louisiana and like 500 inmates went missing 
@USERS She is useless. Attempts to do the right thing but never follows through.
walk away liberals.Your party is POISON. http
@USER Grateful Trump does not have a dog in the White House. He is a cruel man.
@USER You are lying. Stick with the facts. We pay more than that now.
@USER Trump kicks dem butt - its so fun.
@USERS He is dumb and dumber all in one president. it is a two for one.
@USERS toxic tory minister attempted to expense 50 charity donation! it is what do! tories must go dissolve the union http
@USER ur so straight forword man OK hand i saw you in dance dewwane and ur just talk free ky ap kitnay porrany ho industry mein and i really like ur this quality that you even gather with ur senior green heart artist love for man mar ziya an cowboy hat face thumbs up 
@USER And this from the clown that should be in prison?
@USERS did Twitter silence alex jones in retaliation of him asking Twitter jack questions http
@USER that is because you are an old man.
@USERS They are obstructionists. Anti-american. Pharisees. Ask them what they are running on and you get nothing. Maga!
@USERS No you are not. you are here 2 represent the Alinskyite Orwellian Leftist Tool&amp Fool view on things.like 99.9% of the Marxists&amp Antifa similar 2U.psst! And B4U use the words fascist or fascism again go ahead &amp read D'Souza's book The Big Lie .right now you know SQUAT about either. 
 @USER I do remember. But somehow centrist antifa-haters can never quite seem to bring themselves to condemn such things. 
@USER I mean it worked for gun control right? http
@USER I think the last thing on the WH or Trump's mind is April Ryan. She needs to stop flattering herself. She's not as important as she thinks she is.
@USER Principled conservatives are hypo crickets
@USERSdo not forget &amp Democrat backed antifa
@USER She is a beautiful person to teach values to her kids. Teaching them they are royalty but keep to keep it from going to their heads. Stay real red heart selector 
@USER Bring out his Antifa criminal son to campaign for him
@USERS I did not watch and will not watch Watching the September 11th stories and how we came together and stood shoulder to shoulder made me proud even with all of our issues yet the people playing a damn game cannot stand for this moment protest on a Saturday.
A tear is made of 1% water and 99% feelings.
@USERS Trump addresses gun control representing the NRA. I will not let you down he says. http 
@USER She is drinking so much koolaid she's bloated.
@USER Holder needs to be prosecuted
@USER But. But. BOTH PLAYERS WERE WOMEN. And BOTH WERE WOMEN OF COLOR!
@USERS The Institution only let her tweet when she behaves. She is a Window Licker!
 babysitting 3 kids people how old do you think she is? she has three kids me do not get mad. do not get mad. they do not know. they do not know 
@USER well.? http
WTC This is a threat! .@USER maga q a non wake up america http
 @USER it is easily digestible content. There's no need for nuance or to even understand the story. They can show a picture of an ANTIFA and get the base level emotional response their content requires in order to be profitable. 
@USERS Try looking for plain old democrats. The liberals are the ones which you cannot have a conversation with.
@USER Great news! Old moonbeam Just went into a coma! face with tears of joy 
@USER oh my god HE IS SO EXTRA ILY
@USERS Please call trump out for what he is.a NARCISSISTIC SOCIOPATH!
@USERS Unfortunately in America a system like that would be called racist. Liberals believe exams are racist against minority groups.
@USER I know! She is still alive.but wondering if her career was railroaded? Odd! Loved her.especially that day!
@USERS Guy you are always present.bet why? 
@USERS what a baby! http
@USER you are very persuasive fam
@USER that is NOTHING NEW SHE WAS GOING TO VOTE NO ANYWAY.WE WILL VOTE NO TO LIBERALS IN NOVEMBER. http
@USER Burt. A cool dude.
maga IF YOU ARE ALL IN FOR trump FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW BACK.
@USER thank you! I am finally at the point where I am okay with using heat on it again I am so happy
@USER Kind of like what trump does all the time huh?
@USER Because a former Antifa in the white house and they do not arrest her and a citizen if they arrest someone explain to me.
@USER Fuck them
@USER Good move.he is the big loser
@USER Let's get to the bottom of this! DM me your zipcode and I'll check it out. We have your back and we will make sure you are enjoying the BEST that TV has to offer ASAP! NevinBruce
@USERS For the record I know Doug Jones personally and he is only a Sen. because we had no other credible choice. He won't be at the next election.
@USER The president's feelings are totally opposite of CNN's feelings. So what does that say about CNN? They're all liberals.
 @USER it is literally a narrative that is on par with Nazis punch, antifa punch, they are two sides of the same coin. noooOOoOo one of these groups wants to exterminate or deport all PoC and Jews, the other just wants to prevent them from doing that, and this comparison benefits fash 
@USERS There are many dumb arguments for gun control but this may be the dumbest and most common.
@USER she is I do not know what's going on
@USERS Yall need to chill he is having a really abysmal 2nd half. Rizzo had an abysmal 1st half. Its baseball it happens. Does he have things he still needs to work on yes. Has the power numbers dropped yes. but he could bounce back at anytime. http
@USER Dude you are old! . PS Go Pack Go!
@USERSthat is why Trump supporters cannot even wear a hat without being abused. If they meet the animals on the left attack them. Antifa is a branch of the Communist-Socialist-Nazis Democrat Party.
@USER The laughs I've gotten from you are enough. relieved face 
@USERS well?
@USERS First of all they do not even have pizza at Panera
@USERS please do not kill me. antifa on the other hand.
@USER Did you see Shanahan say Spoon was not 100% healthy this game? Obviously no excuses if you are out there BUT maybe it is not the all is doom sort of thing it seemed during the game. Maybe he is still pretty good.
@USERS Good girl 
@USERS She is an ugly black hearted troll http
@USERS You are clearly not a pokemon master! I have almost 400 in rare candy alone. Over 150 legacy moveset pokemon. It just all depends on what you like to keep as collection pieces and what you value in the game.
@USER do not believe the hype.
@USERSFollowed all new - MAGA. Please follow back.
protests Reported in sunderland Except these are football fan and one flag says west brom on it?! Getting worse now even as I type?! maga mega mb ga mcga conservatives patriots muslims far left leftists doomed to lose but do not realises it civil war soon? http
 @USER Liberals would still vote for him. They'll claim his comments were Taken out of context and that he is still a man of integrity. 
@USERS We have been saved from you! MAGA!
@USER You are bringing up honor and decency? With that yoyo in the picture? that is rich.
@USER Good riddance.
@USER She is a goddess
 @USER oh my god The worst or the best, in my case is the best cuase it made me laught part was her asking is he dead? does that hurts? poor thing. and the rest standin there like .nope he is no suffering so he is dead! .yeah, pretty dead 
 @USER You can probably imagine all the SJW snowflakes that do not feel safe working where there might be conservatives lurking in the shadows. Conservatives are now the Ruskies of the 21st century. 
@USERS I see May in the same light as yourself. Even the last election was about her and not the Conservatives. A split is coming to the Tory partyvery soon!
@USER This all I get crying face damn these haters deleting you IG for no reason. http
@USER Do you think Canadian liberals will actually blame Trudeau if he costs them this? Or as per standard push it off on us?
@USER You warned everyone about Josh Gordon the last 4 months on a daily basis. I am sure you are as shocked as I am of what transpired today.
@USERS Why cannot liberals read? READ it AGAIN http
@USER SJSHSJ that is MY JOB BITCH
@USER Do they discuss Haiti?
@USERS What part of NO COLLUSION do not you get? This is why you are a dumocrat
@USER He is very skilled face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER You are amazing yellow heart yellow heart yellow heart 
@USER Fist pump was for the troops.
 @USER if the reason for Farakans illegal values are because he is black or Muslim, that would be a reason to detest him. I believe his illegal values are simply a result of bad character, like his supporters! 
@USER Let the leftist democrats riot in the streets with their antifa counterparts.
@USER I thought Canada had strict gun control. Help me understand what is happening.
@USER They do not want you following people because they do not like conservatives! Sickening how biased Twitter's management is. twitter left bias
@USER He is doing life tho expressionless face 
@USER it is SO VERY IMPORTANT between now and the midterms to get the word out that all the democrats want people of color to believe is they support them - which as you know is SO false. How can the word spread even more to those who need to know? maga naacp
@USERS ANTIFA is not giving death threats to professor Ford or threatening violence if their candidate loses or Spanky is impeached.
@USERS Have you seen or listened to your ANTIFA pals?
@USERS In case of antifa take a little bat or something. Good for you- more of should do that kind of thing.
@USER Your titles scare me a little bit. - 
@USER &gt Eradicating HIV and Malaria in the middle of Africa Good bloody luck
@USERS The only interaction of Tory volunteers with FCP volunteers that I witnessed today was the one demanding that our float be moved to the back of the parade. able g cdn poli
@USER And who seems to be getting things done.
I added a video to a @USER playlist http Combat mon frere vs Ismael et Maga assassin vs David le boxer YFC 2 
@USER So has the Law changed.you just make an allegation now days and your guilty until proven innocent. Liberals are mentally ill!
@USER Straight up different. Thank Joe Biden for that one. I also wonder the outcome if her name had been Antifa Hill.
@USER This game sucks donkey balls
@USER Yo for real you are gorgeous
@USER Absolutely should be a nail in the coffin. for Hilliary
@USERS I hope he gets on twitter so I can tell him how amazing he is. red heart grinning face with smiling eyes 
@USER Who are they Gun control has been tried and is a proven failure. This is why people do not vote democrat. They refuse to admit reality. Gun control does not work.
@USER So the overwhelming liberals in the populated states can make policy for the rest of America with whom they have no clue about. Just because California has the biggest population does not mean the you.S. shares in their values. Get a clue Hillary.
@USERS does not he partly fund Antifa?
@USER He is a DUMBASS !
@USERS.and levi strauss wanting gun control How many of us wonder why the heck do they want our freedoms taken away or is it just selective freedoms? http
@USER At this point in time. I do not think Pres. Trump gives a sh t. and neither do I! http
@USERS O.K. Conservatives get to the polls. Vote red.
@USER donnie jr. you and your family owe the country an apology for taking your criminal activities into OUR White House You are lining your pockets while your father is unfit and making a mockery of our republic. Shame on you and your family. Justice will prevail
 A Harvard or Harris Poll conducted this year found that 48 percent of black Americans said they would like to see between only one and 250,000 legal immigrants brought to the you.S. a year. http maga t cot
@USERS Any doubt that have officially become The National Socialist American Workers Party is gone. With people like those on and acting as Der Sturmer and antifa as their Einsatzgruppen or Waffen SS detachment.
@USER Oh my Carmen. He is SO FRICKING CUTE
@USER Chelsea is as crazy as her mother
@USER it is time the conservatives binned boris and sent 'lyin Lynton back to Australia.
@USERS The 2015 manifesto promised me my vote back. So where is it? You think Brexit would have gone through if all the Brits in the EU27 had been allowed to vote? The referendum was gerrymandered.
 @USER THE METOO MOVEMENT MUST BE AN EXTENSION OF ANTIFA AND IS A COMPLETE JOKE! IF THIS MOVEMENT WASN'T SELECTIVE, JOE BIDEN WOULD BE IN COURT FOR FONDING GIRLS ON CAMERA ! http 
@USERS you are awesome! Thank you. You give humanity hope!
@USER GOOBER
@USER Another uninformed
@USER I forgot he is their foster child!
 @USER And the brainless dems wants us to believe that he does not have the majority. Liberals is just like their leaders the corrupts obama and crooked hillary both are real bad losers maga trump
@USER No fucking way he said this!
@USERS Such supposedly smart people did not think for one moment that in the audience there are people who voted Trump and are scared shitless hearing the top brass speak that way.
@USER I am not surprised. It takes a sick woman to make this type of accusations. The kind you can only find on the far left. Liberals are praying that the really weak members of the GOP like Collins and Flake will pull back their support.
@USERS California gun control is direct result of white people scared of Black Panthers using their right to bear arms. NRA had no problem with that gun control!
@USERSor where 25 Oct 2005 Brazil citizens overwhelming voted No on the Government implementing strict gun control by a factor of 63.9% And the Brazilian Government still violates that referendum everyday as Brazilians are murdered w or zero effective method of self defense
 .If we claim to be without sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us. If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness. 1 John 1 5-9 
@USERS And yet millions of permit holding people carried legally concealed firearms that same day and did not hurt themselves or anyone else. But yet they want to have stronger gun control. Idiots! face with raised eyebrow Our wonderful media has to hype incidents that fits their agenda.
@USER Yes do hurt your selves gun control freaks.
@USERS You get more like this guy with every hysterical tweet http
@USER He always shows dedication at what he does no wonder he is the best http
@USERS Bullshit! Regulations are good because it keeps conservatives from striping our land into the Abyss
@USER the owner of my culo
Now she scarred herself for life maga http
@USER you fucking -
Confirm the MAN! THE LEFT WING ACTIVIST IS A LIAR WHO'S STORY CHANGES! NO HARD EVIDENCE! christine blase y ford Innocent until proven guilty! confirm kavanaugh maga @USER weak rinos republicans
@USER Reagan also signed the first gun control bill as governor of CA
@USER Awe Hogwash do we really need you to overstate the obvious?
30+ years as a JUDGE.6 Extensive backgrounds.NOT a peep.link to TRUMP.BOOM. Do conservatives only rape liberals? http
@USERS I am Assuming I am Not Going to Get an Answer' Brainless liberal Stooge Ocasio-Cortez . on $40T Policy Plan http wake up america THIS is NOT America's future VOTE Republican or surrender America to these dem morons maga
 1 This man seriously needs mental health treatment and should have his firearms confiscated until he is no longer a danger to himself or others. 2 I am waiting for gun control advocates to add this to their list of school shootings. 3 Who buys .22 caliber handguns? Why? http 
@USERS Leftists showing yet again how vile they can be
@USER He is a drunk crazy man.
@USERSHONORED TO BE INCLUDED WITH ALL THESE FINE PATRIOTS ! THANK YOU RENA ! maga United States grinning face two hearts United States DEAN ! http
@USERS Please shut up Ontario is seeing what conservatives stand for is not helping you loose this province your never going anywhere. Not they you will any way your completely out of tune with Canadian Mr. Harper oops I mean Mr. Scheer common mistake you so much alike.
@USER You are not alone. I was sexually assaulted by a fellow law student in 1978. I never reported it because I did not think I would be believed. However something happened that made me realize I wasn't his only victim. Then I felt I'd made a colossal mistake.
@USER But Liberals do.
@USER Another terrorist attack not reported by msm
@USER do not know who you are so imma just http
@USER All that money hadn't made you smarter.
@USER Yes! He is from Gilmer! It makes me laugh so much!
@USERS you both r my lifeline red heart folded hands face with tears of joy 
@USER Always thought H Ford was a level headed guy! Guess not! Note to Ford climate change is summer-fall- winter-spring! Happens every year! Get over it!
@USER Yeah we need some more made up bullshit protestors and antifa time for an epic beatdown winking face 
@USERS Unfortunately you are right. Keep it real. SHE is the assault weapon!
@USER She is Real Rocky fire fire fire Oh My God !
@USER Thank you to everyone for making this possible you are amazing and so are the beautiful bears. I am a member of Olivers Army and I appreciate everything you do to make lives better.
@USER Yeah we got everything sorted that needed to be sorted she is still only taking small sips of her wine unusual for Emily but she guessed JJ wouldn't profile her
@USER By the way why do not you move to Haiti ? You liberals seem to make shit holes out of large cities. So go somewhere where it is already a shit hole so you do not have to do any work !
@USER Yes she is
@USERS He tried this before and it went nowhere. he is 100% pro gun control. Done.
@USERS He could have killed as many with a hunting rifle with the time and vantage he had. He had close to an hour before police entered his room. His actual shooting was over 10 min. Making this about gun control is just going to get more people killed. We need to be smarter.
@USERS yes, I see that. The individual sense of needing to belong to a winning team because of the constant conditioning of self-devaluation. I see a strong sense of this on the Q side but on the left or hillary or antifa side as well regardless if they think they're winning or not. 
@USERS Oh no I know why that I just do not know what she is talking about because I do not see a tweet she is repling too 
@USER And here we have another demonstration that gun free zones do not work. Brought to you by a liberal who more than likely supports stricter gun control.
Shouldn't pussy grabbing @USER be the one wearing the gloves while handling food? maga http
@USER You have no plan for the environment. Even conservatives should be able to understand that you have to be able to live on the planet to make money there.
@USERS This is what happens when you tell white liberals that they do not get to congratulate themselves on how woke they are until they put their money where their mouth is. That simple fact of life breaks their brains.
@USERS Antifa does not beat facsists to try to get them to change their mind - they know it is a lost cause to try to change a fascist's mind. They do it to scare them into hiding, to demoralize them, and to stop the spread of their hateful ideology. There is no forcing views on others . 
@USERS SOROS is at the root of everything and anything anti American. He has his money in Hollywood all the way to Islam and ANTIFA to illegals . http
fire morning joe he is cut from the same cloth as all other conservatives. His misogyny and bigotry are always on display. He is responsible for Trump. http
@USERS Truly has got to be the most idiotic thing I've ever seen.
@USERS Brigitte Gabriel has experienced a life that most would have nightmares from. She is sounding the alarm for Americans. Buy her book pay attention to what she is warning America about
@USERSIt does work. If you want to control a population. Australian gun control had no effect on homicides.
@USERS Poor baby.
@USERS Antifa equals to Democrats equals to Dixiecrats equals to KKK http http
@USERS Liberals ruin everything!
@USERS And do not forget his telling a primarily black liberal audience conservatives want to put them back in chains 
@USER Sad for both! To be exploited and also to have a reputation destroyed! Now I've read she's part of Antifa! ?!
@USER that is what happens when you let a liberal get a hold of a gun. That would be a good place to start gun control. Ban liberals from getting guns.
@USERS You look happy .MAGA
@USERS Trump proposes racial profiling as a tactic 'to start thinking about' http
@USER Introducing my sweet sweet baby king! He is always sooo nice! And when I try to sit on the sofa he NEVER attacks me! http
@USERS There all gone tho and Inputed them from bottom to top with the first 20seconds of your tweet ! You good 1 Tmart thumbs up light skin tone 
@USERS Exactly. He is on record basically saying the President is above the law. It should be noted that the gop is fine with this. Rudy has his own issues. http 
kamala harris The New Dem Emperor with No Clothes Taxpayers Funded 'Unprecedented' Armed Protection for Gun Control Sen. Kamala Harris http via @USER
@USER Yet she is fat herself.
@USERS There was plenty of evidence that he was guilty of what Hill accused him of but since conf hearings aren't about guilty or innocence got on the bench. Times are diff now. Why as a journalist you do not call out white supremacy or alt-right but Antifa and pick on 
@USERS You do not understand who he is and is capablities. Despite the proof in the economy. My hypothesis is that you have been lied to by liberals your entire life and are believing what you are told. The liberal media made bill Clinton look good and could do the same with trump.
.oath must be subpoenaed to testify. There is a lifetime appointment at stake here. Please do it right this time &amp do not allow Orrin Hatch who has already made up his mind she is lying be allowed to question her. His kind of questions could invite a lawsuit.
@USERS Y'all are the best
@USERS What a joke! She is a Gem alright! She is a Racist phony! Right along with this Racist Phony. That thinks she will follow me from her second account. And block me. Because I speak the truth. I could care less about follower's. Like it is a big party. I care that they discriminate http
@USER Indeed he is.
@USERS Because I am a little concerned about the Q followers because they slowly become more and more a sort of right wing sjw antifa thingie Also excuse me for my horrible English it is not my native languase and did not had much schooling in it so I am sorry if it sucks. grinning face with sweat 
@USER Yep Antifa are literally Hitler.
@USER Wow you are so hot smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes kissing face kissing face kissing face kissing face kissing face 
@USER she is the most deserving woman to be happy !
@USERS I've noticed a lot of conservatives are thoroughly disingenuous when engaging in twitter.
@USERS May be you have forgotten that at the moment we are EU citizens and so all rights afforded to us are the same as for other EU citizens. do not believe all the shit that goes on in your head.
@USERS that is just modelling. Plenty of women make shit tons of money just for looking good
Just watching a Horizon show about scientists that discovered a DNA mix between humans and Neanderthals.Would have thought Trump getting elected would have been proof enough. maga
@USERS I hope there is a way to watch it on TV. Ted spanking liberals is always enjoyable.
@USERS Just looked up his work History he is listed on the Board of Leading Age Services Aust LASA and comes from Medicare Local Alliance.what ever the hell that is
@USER He should look in a mirror!
@USER I am sure he is. purple heart 
@USERS Send him this party manifesto where they promised they will help families maybe that will remind him his duties. hostile environment price on love skype families http
@USERS Families being separated at the border. In fact, the picture of children in cages that Liberals were using to show how evil Trump is was actually taken while OBAMA was President 
@USERS But antifa is her people
@USERS We had a Peoples Vote on 23 June 2016. The people rejected the craven worship which you stand for - by a majority of over 1m. you are contemptuously defying the will of the people &amp 2017 GE manifesto &amp supporting Soros in undermining democracy instead
@USER Cause who bitches be playing with loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face god aint give me the gift for nothing
@USER she is free as a bird to return to her Muslim homeland
 mom speaks into her phone to compose a text for my brother she is angry so she yells at the phone while telling it what to type like my brother will be able to tell she was even yelling woman facepalming light skin tone 
@USERS Melting snow flakes
@USER Who's the victim? That remains to be seen. Liberals have turned Kavanaughs hearings into a circus from the first minute it started.
@USER Coming from the man that threatened to try and kick Turmps ass now do not that take a set of ball's
@USERS you are shocked to hear that liberals want to centralize power at the federal level?
@USERS HE IS BEST OF THE BEST! smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes 
what i learned today liberals cannot win without lying
@USER Fast and Furious Holder 
@USER Getting scared ugly man?
@USER is one of the only shows that are a Progressive that I can stand to watch. He dislikes the right and left evenly and you know who he is right from the start. If you've never seen his show check it out on YouTube. Insightful red heart United States maga
@USER He is NOT Supreme Court worthy
@USER God I hope not! http
@USERS Yes he is
@USERS Bitch. http
&amp terroism &amp starvation &amp Flint &amp poverty &amp climate change &amp global warming &amp sex trafficking &amp bullying &amp body shaming &amp police brutality &amp feminism &amp gun control &amp marches &amp protests
@USERS +++ I cannot prove causation either but while the CONservatives in CDA surely love the idea of bashing PM cannot help but think they're also egging the former to continue the bashing to boost their fortune s vainly. http
@USER 2 Republican Men in a picture 85 and 84 what are men of that age are Law Makers too old no sorry young Republicans are like young Conservatives they are all born at 40 years of age
@USERS Liberals cannot meme. They have no sense of humor or knowledge of meme-ing philosophy.
@USERS any she is stunning
@USER yea your the bitch on the right getting smacked http
 @USER Why the focus on the Proud Boys? I know you are not a real journalist, Kelly, but why not focus on the ones doing all of the violence? antifa If you want a story focus on why journalists leftist activists are constantly ignoring Antifa's attacks on people. 
@USER BIG thighs is not going to make it
@USERS it is called educating liberals.
 #maga christine ford trump2020 t cot because cot america first patriots @USER brett kavanaugh had this to say about Bill Clinton during Whitewater it is imperative to make his pattern of revolting behavior clear -- piece by painful piece. Indeed. http 
 #MAGA people are very low IQ. GDP Growth means LITERALLY NOTHING. In no way does this translate to higher income for white familes or individuals. All that billions goes to companies or Government. And what jobs did he create? Labour which pays less than living wage ? http 
@USERS IF YOU WONNA GET PAID.Pick up the energy people! Scream and shout like you are at the kavanaugh hearing! http
@USER brother go watch how he hold his backwood in the interview like that shit was irritating nigga is mad suspicious
A bitch built like that could beat my ass all she wants http
@USERS Trash
@USERS Very pathetic man !
@USERS She is new psychology thinker who think about religion and so aggressive on her thought before deeply think on hinduism grinning face grinning face grinning face grinning face 
@USER Shouldve played saint marie instead of london docks. Saint was ass for me OK hand 
@USER Thank goodness he is not MN passive aggressive. Love it!
@USERS We can empty all our prisons also and just say they broke no laws.Liberal logic.
@USERS She is an angel! Much love to her!
@USERS For what? Why are you asking for his arrest? Liberals being butthurt for 19 months is not an impeachable offense.
@USERS The tolerant Left
@USERS You must be talking about hateful conservatives.
@USERS that is correct! maga
@USERS Show me a single case where antifa have actually murdered someone. Because the far right murdered someone at Charlottesville person shrugging Hypocrisy works both ways.
@USER If bobby is fit that is exactly what i would say but not sure if he is or not
@USERS The only white people that thank Jesus are Republicans &amp ex-crackheads - so say America-hating liberals about Christians. Many ex-Dems thank Jesus too- &amp many former Emmys watchers. We thank Jesus DAILY for our country, our &amp the ability to TURN YOU OFF! 
@USER Does skip realize that by saying you should become a professional tweeter that he is kind of shitting on sports casters? How many TD receptions skip have this year?
@USERS This leftist is what is wrong in liberal colleges. More people and students will come out and will unmask this corrupt woman who is determined to destroy a good judge because she wants only liberals in the courts. 
@USERS She is just feeling his touch first time smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS This is great! Mark The Great One Levin and Candace The Great Owens together! This team is unbeatable! They just sent liberals into a frenzy again! A whole block of liberal voters just had their heads explode! And.sadly, Alyssa Milano just wet her pants again! Great team! 
@USERS strata data a i data hairball TDavis touring the application of cognitive and machine learning techniques to speed governance of data http
@USERS You are grossly misinterpreting who is against this. people across all parties condemn this action. Look no further than Bill Davis and Brian Mulroney to see that even conservatives think this is a horrible decision.
@USERS I wasn't proposing scare tactics. I really meant what I said. Trump can easily pull the good maga Republicans and can easily steal enough votes from GOP Dem and independents and will bring fresh breath to our rotten politics. Think about it.
@USERS Only a liberal would support a liberal that spent a MILLION to get liberals elected to office. lib fail http
@USER Notice how everyone avoids this tweet index pointing up selector index pointing up selector They might think you are referring to them. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy But not me comrade. I stalk everyone. love-you gesture love-you gesture 
@USER it is so weirdly vicious and bitter to extrapolate from 'everyone should have access to decent healthcare' to 'Liberals think all criminals should be free.' It reveals a pretty brutalist and impenetrable mind.
@USER What the fuck game are you watching?
@USER He is all grown up loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face 
health &amp nature under threat from uk us @USER http
@USERS Why did not Kavanaugh need terms? Guilty people those are the ones that need terms. Let me clue you in they're worried that she is going to make a terrible impression and will not be believable. They're trying to manage that concern.
@USERS do not perpetuate colonialism. If you are going to talk about puerto rico you must have Puerto Ricans in the panel! Jeezuz.fucking.christ! How difficult can that be? disp or a en resistencia http
An Anonymous message to antifa q q a non the great awakening commie clowns resistance rises resistance http
@USER Antifa has no place in society!
@USERS has two votes in our home! West Texas is stoked about him! He is inspiring! He can do this!
@USER Why? Why are liberals so trashy?
@USER Grape!
@USER HELLO SOMEBODY NEED HYUKJAE NOW SHE IS IN DANGER BY WATCHING YOUR FANCAMS
@USER He never did show much intelligence.
@USER Yes I saw this and I will say tapper kept basket her and she kept coming back with stupid answers And he finally gave up I do not think he is a big fan of her policies he is not that stupid please
@USER If you go by anything other than he or she you are fucked in the head.
@USER Are you sure she was't just thinking about herself.
@USER http it is a guy. Guy looks like a Sheila. q a non maga great awakening -Crocodile Dundee http
@USERS Here's the problem.if you go back to Fast and Furious you have proof that the ATF was looking to influence gun control in the US. It may be preposterous that the Government would fake Sandy Hook isn't facilitating a drug war somewhat similar?
@USER All you need to know is he is empty inside
@USER Oh dear. I am so sorry you are having migraine. I have them as well. Sending up prayers for you. red heart selector smiling face with smiling eyes rose 
 @USER My sister by far. She is the kindest, sweetest person alive. Use to be my grandma but she passed in May. That woman was a saint. Even had a song written about her, My mom's a saint . Written by her children of course. http 
@USER The Liberals are mentally unstable!
@USERS Who authorized a search warrant of mr Jean home? Racist what about her drug test. This is premediated murder. He will not be slandered. He is the victim.
@USER What would this line putz know about what conservatives think?
@USER Dude. Why r you trolling Ash rock z? beaming face with smiling eyes . He is our guy. Just in a hurry to see bjp Government in state.
@USERS She's said before that she will always be praying for him even tho she cannot do anything. I am sure she is heart broken as well at the events
@USERS Which one is it? Is there an active threat that you could be shot that is driving the need for gun control? Or is the idea that the threat exists hypothetical so I have an excuse to carry a big scary gun?
@USER Get a life!
@USER Containers of Hurricane Donations Found Rotting in Puerto Rico Parking Lot http
@USERSFollowed All fantastic maga patriots heavy heart exclamation Look forward to you following back. Thank you &amp have a wonderful day United States folded hands two hearts 
@USER The suicide rate in America is similar to other countries that have strict gun control.They use other http the you.K. jumping from cliffs and bridges is a common method.
@USER Are you joining ANTIFA?
@USERS Apparently durbin has amnesia
5 or 5 Canada has regulated firearms since the last quarter of the 19th century. Those laws have probably contributed to Canada having only 1% as many handguns in circulation as in the US. http
@USERS i have heard he is making waves
@USER it is Anita Hill versus Clarence Thomas all over again. I hope this confirmation process has the same end result. maga smiling face with smiling eyes thumbs up medium-light skin tone clapping hands medium-light skin tone folded hands medium-light skin tone victory hand medium-light skin tone police officer light skin tone woman pilot light skin tone United States Puerto Rico 
@USERS Boi if you do not
3rd time in my teacher career that I've had a parent tell me that he or she is praying for me. I always consider that a win clapping hands light skin tone clapping hands light skin tone teacher life pray all of the prayers http
@USER you are most welcome! whys james cryin
@USERS Funny watching these liberals all of a sudden do a 180 on being transparent. Warner had no problems with leaks. Now when the truth is out he has issues. Its over. Some people are in big trouble. Warner is likely one of them.
@USER Brown like you
@USERSYou ladies always make me smile.if you know what I mean face with tongue 
thursday thoughts FUCK liberals. Forever.
@USER Did you have to scalp Custer ?
@USER Once again it is been proven that all gun control laws are intended to disarm the law abiding citizens and subvert the 2a Criminal do not care about gun laws.
@USERS Nothing abusive should ever be done to anyone! Including the women and people of this country she is putting under horrible stress worrying about what she is going to do. This should have been an easy NO from her if she is who she says she is. And I agree with you Gabby! 
@USERS Mxm nigger thinks we give a fuck http
@USERS She is a fake. Vote her out. Now she wants sympathy.
@USERS Ask Antifa - Which one they like &amp respect
10kids from different women from this American jobless men? Nigerian men you are the bomb!
@USER By banning ammunition guns are still legal. Why not instate gun control to keep 24 or 7 watch on all firearms.
@USERS do not have anything to do with Trump or any conservatives. Refuse to trade with them in business
@USERS got him signing my book.he is a cute http
@USERS This Russian agent is a DISGRACE. Hey old creep you are going to die in prison. You and Trump sold America to the Russians and it is time you do the time for your years of crimes. Scumbag.
@USERS Wow more Salinsky tactics
@USER What insanely ridiculous bullshit.
@USER Nhs is only the way it is because we have a over populated country Conservatives have privertised were nhs buys from
@USERS We shouldn't be surprised. These same pigs worked with neonazis to unmask antifa protestors. And the local coverage by shit journos like did not cover that AT ALL. We had to rely on for investigative coverage http
@USERS Gun control anyone? disarm hate
@USERS I am not for gun control.practice reading comprehension first
@USERS I am beginning to believe that all liberals are sociopaths. None of the people here believe in rule of law. You have to have evidence of a crime to go any further confirm brett kavanaugh now
@USERS Because 45% of Americans are too lazy to vote. Non-voters skew liberal. And too many liberals who do vote throw their vote away on 3rd party losers. Next question?
@USER I cannot wait to see his MAGA tat across his chest with a picture of Mueller.
@USERS I am sure he does not call his gated community's private security firm Bull Connors though. it is funny Now liberals LOVE privatization of police! 
@USERS Wonder how many children he molested
@USERS You are amazing. I admire you so much for always being able to raise above the ugliness &amp hatred. You show us what grace is.
@USERS Oh you are in England? Your views on gun control stopped mattering in 1776.
@USERS This is the ANTIFA party &amp all of a sudden they expect us to believe they care about anyone besides themselves. Nope.
Antifa Caught Off Guard After Getting Confronted By The Last Person They. http via @USER
@USER Ouch!
@USERS Wonder if he apologized to Diamond and Silk for calling them a minstrel show? He should have been fired but there he is making faces.
@USER Which is why it is awesome that Kavanaugh did not shake that gun control dads hand. Sorry for kid was killed by a gun but it is not the future judges fault it happened. oh my god white people in cities are silly
@USER John Podesta is a spirit cooking pedo. Here's a photo of him and Valerie Jarrett in a rather compromising situation. maga q a non drain the deep state drain the swamp http
@USERS Somebody's terrified. What will happen when the american public knows the truth about what you've been doing? drain the deep state maga trump2020 kag http
@USER I love the way this pisses off liberals. http
@USER Was? I bet you are still into Sloane.she is pretty awesome!
@USERS My auto correct Gggrrr she is a crazy witch 
@USERS When I turned the speech on it sounded to me like Liberals becoming another nasty party with his personal attacks on various individuals. 
sjw crap and or or paedophilia . hollywood tv movies gaming politics comics police public authorities like councils . dwp dwp crimes catholic church or church vatican islam and muslims used as a weapon . Missed anything?! nhs maybe? mb ga conservatives
@USER Who she thinks she is to talk to a referee like that and expect everyone to support her! Or treat her specially?
@USER Another negative Democrat who refuses to disappear!
@USERS . As my elected MP could you please explain why is still promoting ideas that the EU have already rejected? We've 6 months to go and nothing appears to be moving onward. are like the blind leading the blind br exit shambles br exit means br exit http
@USER Getting out of the Paris Climate Agreement is what 64m voters wanted! Obama committed us to $100B towards that agreement! We keep paying for the third world countries and we are going broke! It does not help when places like Cal. have 3m illegals either!
@USER he is going to tip him two new assholes
@USER So she cannot be effected by the radiation but killed. I hope he mentions Lady Gaga witch. Since she is the only known immortal witch and supreme
@USERS He Mike what country are you living in my country is a Constitutional REPUBLIC not a democracy
 2020 election season Trump my dick is the most magnificent dick. Just tremendous. Leftists prove it you Russian puppet! Trump whips dick out in fit of senility Conservatives vote Trump to victory 
science ecology health nature The Problem of the One and the Many in Gun Control http http
@USERS Interesting when Demoncraps aren't even inventive enough to create their own cartoons. This is originally put out by Republicans - liberals are the Koolaide drinkers and always have been. Liberals are also the scum of the earth and prove it daily through their lies
@USER Can you believe we just had a President with a fake ID?
Old article but its going to be relevant very soon.#ClintonFoundation maga clinton crimes http
@USER He needs to go just as Joe P did
@USER All of them! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy http
@USERS I do not think you have a clue what leadership and liberals have the temperament of 2 year old children being told no.you have the intellectual brilliance of a goat. please stop tweeting. TDS is making look quite the fool.
@USERS As a gun control leftist I'd rather a child had a responsible parent that locked the front door and did not let her get involved in the neighbors DV. Shir, if the .22 was where she could grab it, but couldnt leavem shes lucky he did not find it first. 
@USERS Someone please show this and front and center tonight unless we get the declass out today maga http
@USER ajsjjsjdkkdjdk i want him so much he'd literally tell me to die and i'd obey him
@USERS Sorry to hear about the loss of your friend 
@USERS Characterizations of famous people are very funny. But not if they are black. Cue the race baiters in 3.2.1.
@USERS he is dead. So you are a necrophiliac as well? Good to know.you must suck at chess never mind 3 dimensional chess.you cannot even think one move ahead let alone many.Change your twitter handle to DumbAF not even ish face with rolling eyes face with rolling eyes face with rolling eyes 
@USERS Funny how the Conservatives did not like it when one of there's defected but they sure did not mind when a Liberal defected. Where's there integrity in this?
@USERS They get testy and decide you are a paid shill a lot, if you end up hanging around QAnon you'll get used to it. 
@USERS How could anyone want to vote for a Democrat who wants open borders and gun control
@USER He is in a full blown temper tantrum over Manafort.
@USERS Trump is a very sick man. He is toxic and mean spirited.
va10 voters know @USER is the right side of the gun issue. Gun control or gun rights? The answer may help determine whether NRA-financed Rep. Comstock wins reelection http
@USER osha e terry thug life criminal Behaved as an Ordinary Disposable Criminal. maga maga2020 mag a rally rules texas police
@USER did not watch and do not care. maga
@USERS She is full of bunk.
 @USER So wait. Conservatives are crying about needing their safe spaces all of the sudden. How liberal elite college of them. 
@USER Hell did they boycott McEnroe.this is too much!
@USERS Those that do not respect the Constitution need to be driven out of office. vote dems out votered2018 the rainmakers q a non maga wwg1wga http
ANTI-ANTIFA IS BALLS
@USER I believe you are correct Chico the wise chihuahua! red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector 
@USER I am GOING HARDCORE BITCH
@USER I hope you are right
@USERS She is xx
@USERS Only if the self-serving do not stand and reject Mrs May's de facto remain surrender. Now begone with that insurgent hashtag.
@USER I used to do signifing monkey by heart. Played it for the wife and she is like what the hell?
@USER Yeah but I think what he is saying is addiction is a life long battle. Regardless of if he relapsed or not Josh has to keep those demons at bay every day.
@USERS in other words, I am not speaking on your behalf, i just cannot sit idly by while people make an ass out of themselves because i feel like people can be better than that. 
@USER I think she is the one mad. She did not like being called out so she is trying to make them bully me. grinning squinting face 
@USER He is too cute.
@USERS so she is disgusting to you because she is a Rangers fan! you are disgusting to me because you support breaking up the union! proud to be british United Kingdom 
@USERS it is almost as if 50 years ago 1968 something changed about how gun control was discussed by the NRA. How the NRA went from backing gun control to America's most powerful lobby group http 
@USER They should. Hopefully voters will realise that they could have ended this shitshow well before the midterms.
 13 or ? BOOOM. The MAC telling the @USER to pay the public sector properly. Have that There's no magic money tree . But this is a disaster. It means the nhs is in crisis and competing with other sectors. http 
@USER You are absolutely right smdh
@USERS I thought they said numbers were up? Someone lied.
@USERS He is pitiful! Reason economy is soaring is that he is out of office and President Trump is get rid of his pen and phone regulations! His legacy is being shattered and he knows it. His speeches are only about him. Democrats have no message smiling face with sunglasses vote Republican in November! United States 
@USERS it is never been about that!Everything about Color face with raised eyebrow If public safety was a concern there would be MORE GUN CONTROL e.g Assault Rifles face without mouth 
@USERSRich you are my OG follower.i had 2 311 fans follow me first but they have hardly ever tweeted.so you get the honors
@USERS All those fund raising dinner party's with oligarchs and their stories of ripping the old Soviet Union to pieces for their own personal gain was a light bulb moment for many . br exit will be a very lucrative endeavor for most of them.
@USER Some antifa types might even show sort of like a mini-G8 donybrooke then? smiling face with sunglasses 
@USER 2018 charts she is. Overall fuck no. Cardi got ways to go to catch niki
@USERS i think i missed a few replies here I am on a conference call but most of the anti jihadi muslim vets i know would disagree with gun control. so this seems odd.?
@USER Look at all these racist white liberals freaking out because I said Tom Arnold has white privileged.
@USER Hubby rushed me shakes fist will flick a pic thru this evening when I feed them again. By the way he is still the boss
@USERS All that does is reinforce the fact that is as much in the gutter as 
@USERS oh my god ! Really ! frank oz . Liberals ruins Everything . de fund pbs
@USERSLies on top of lies that is the antifa and democrats way
@USER You cannot lump small l Liberal conservatives in with the far right nutbags.
@USERS Wow! Never thought I'd see the left actually admitting they want to shut down free speech unless it is their own. At least they are admitting they are the facist. After all they did create the 2 most facist groups.ANTIFA and KKK.
@USER Rip who knows face with tears of joy that is why I am trying so hard not to expose my shits since they cannot never relate anyway
@USER Bullshit!
@USERS Because the non-citizens are looking for a free ride on the backs of the American taxpayer and liberals are looking for votes. it is like a pyramid. They need to bring new people in at the bottom to support them at the top.
@USER Bono is gone to the dark side .Globalism
@USER I feel pretty fucked then because I started out fine
@USERS What's a ten commandments? 
We are most definitely Better off now than under the previous administration. I still believe most sane people will vote with their head and wallet. There are many closet Republicans who when the chips are down will vote red to save america and ignore the MSM. kag2018 maga United States http
@USERS An excellent idea She is so intelligent and relentless.
@USER Awful
@USER I do not know anything about the kkk although I believe the democrats fund them like they always did. I think the Dems main terror group these days is antifa.
@USER Liberal MP Leona Alleslev's decision to cross the floor &amp join the Conservatives would seem to be a betrayal of her supporters. Did she consult those who voted her in? Seemingly it is legal? Imagine if doug ford decided to cross the floor &amp become the Liberal Premier. thinking face face with tears of joy 
@USERS Most modern conservatives aren't very bright. A lot of our founding fathers were slave-owners who wanted to end slavery in the US. Their principles were far more nuanced and granular than modern conservative principles shallow principles cannot withstand the test of time.
@USERS She is absolutely useless. Everyone knows it except for her and the media.
OHIO we have to make sure we get Jim Renacci elected for Senate. America is here for you. Let's all maga together - http http
@USER Does anyone care what that dirtbag says?
@USERS NOT A SNOWBALLS CHANCE IN HELL DIMWIT DEM. Start taking losing like a man.err.like a.uhm? Whatever you identify as today. WE WILL maga NOT TIRED OF winning SEE YOU IN NOVEMBER FOR THE redwaverising2018 YOU cannot STOP scotus k avena ugh
@USERS you are asking Liberals to use Reason and Logic. Look at these people, they have been suffering a collective psychosis for almost 2 yrs and get crazier by the hour. If their educated elite are Batsht crazy, their sheep or foot soldiers are likely certifiable. They are beyond help. http 
@USER Guess she knows who you are too much like by not watching you woman shrugging selector go figure have a great night Brett!
@USERS Hope she serves as a beacon to other Liberals who feel the same way.there must be more of them.I hope there's more of them.there must be more with morals and a conscience
@USERS I hope the voters of the UK won't forget what a shambles and have made of this. Lack of leadership has left us in the doldrums and betrayed both those who voted Leave and the rest of the UK. br exit britain
@USER Hopefully your obesity catches up with you by then
@USER I think he is one a higher portion of the sidewalk purple heart 
@USER that is why conservatives are so afraid of weed. They think it will make them love black people.
@USER no shhhh he is proud of you
@USER Couldn't care less about either one of them.
@USERS My Stoned Wheat Crackers! Where the hell did they put the Stoned Wheat Crackers?
Remember when OK was OK. t cot because cot maga kag q a non walk away wwg1wga kavanaugh http
ford nation on poli conservatives conservative on pc Just because you can does not mean you should. Great power comes with great responsibility. By invoking art. 33 and overriding our judicial processes you are overriding our democracy. http
@USERS Common sense gun control would indicate Looney Leftists should not be in possession of firearms. For their own safety. 
@USER I hadn't really thought of it since I only really worship the Aesir. Though lots of people like to use the Vanir in arguments as examples of this or that. Modern liberals saying it is race mixing for instance. Theologically we do not recognize much different between tribes though.
@USER Thank you for your fortitude and perseverance. Please give McConnell a kick in the butt from some of us conservatives.
@USER 1. Six year-old tweet from an account I do not control referencing my previous time slot 2. Refers to Bloomberg's call for gun control. Not mine. Michael Bloomberg.
@USER Exactly this Anna! She is full of it.
@USERS Hi has me energized. He is such an idiot! I cannot believe he surfaced again.
@USER Get another disgrace.
@USER YESSSSSHHHHH who else call you shitgull if it were not me or ryme kissing face with closed eyes 
@USERS I want to make clear I do not think gun control is the answer people are looking for as far as gun violence is concerned. I do find that people should focus on mental health and bullying in schools if they want to address the root of the problem. 
@USERS She's been active on Instagram lately. And she is dropping an album sometime this year.
@USER Makes you realize how good he is with words. Too bad the PC crowd keeps him toned down.
@USER She's one of those 'kooky' liberals.
@USER Like if you did not get fired from ESPN
@USERS I do not understand how it is racist tho.
@USER it is she is a real problem.
@USER those students not traumatised by having live shooter drills or distracted by fear of being killed at school are already doing their best. Send YOUR kid to one of those schools and we might get some action on gun control. Hypocrite.
@USERS Poor sad liberals. No hope for them.
I got more common sense than all of my followers 
@USER CBS sez CEO Leslie Moonves' out on his ass after several allegations he was chasing ass. COO Joseph Iannello will be interim CEO until somebody accuses him of the same thing. This 'shit' never ends. Ooops.
@USER sorry for so much bs to get to this but here is the article i read http
@USERS you are absolutely insane if you think a hearing for a supreme court judge is a appropriate place for a mourning father to talk about gun control. He does not enact laws.he upholds them. He should have demanded his state senator shake his hand
@USERS ATTENTION! is publicizing an ANTIFA TARGET list comprised of Trump Supporters' names. Some are high profile names and MANY are random everyday Trump supporters. Twitter has NOT suspended his account. Check out his Lists . 
@USER Even if the devil did make every single one of those priests rape children. Why does the pope refuse to condemn it? Why did not he remove from leadership the rapist brought to him?
 @USER I do like your tweets!, But maybe you should be more focused on consolidating them and sending fewer out, I miss many of them and you leave yourself open to the New Liberal Fascist Movement Antifa? 
@USER I did not tweet this I needa get my Twitter off this shit
@USER Because he hates
@USER The hypocrisy of the never trump movement exposed. We hate Trump but thumbs up for his vile policies and anti abortion SCOTUS pick. Why liberals claim them as our allies boggles my mind.
@USER Yes you are. 
@USERS ok say less I am ready whenever he is
@USER 21k dong
@USER She is. Ur screwed. Trump owns scotus and he will exact a wrath upon enemies after the midterms
@USERS No one cares about her gold digging and possibly illegal recordings.
@USERS You mean you did not see AntiFa there?
@USER Then HAUL YOUR FAT ASS IN HARMS WAY YOU DRUGGIE!
@USER You are only believing her Because she is a Women.
@USERS Yup she is cute
@USER He knows you'll deny him a fair exchange - Based on recent and past interactions with Conservatives - Speaks to your poor ratings.
@USER I really think he is going to be GD.
we need more unity to grow our voices.libs seem to band together much better than right.FOLLOW ALL maga patriots please! United States http
 #Trump maga @USER Jack Dorsey, to his credit, has openly acknowledged that he has a culture within his company that is hostile to conservatives. Now the question is, what is he going to do about it? http http 
@USER He was the victim. Now let's hear about her blood test since she is the perpetrator. What shape was she in?
@USERS They will be cheating if she gets it!
@USERS You both look lovely! f lotus rocks maga United States raising hands medium-dark skin tone 
Sorry right wingers flushed face winking face Look for a Kaepernick sales 'bump' in Nike's earnings next week nike ad boycott nfl boycott nike maga http
 @USER No she hasn't. What reform ? She is getting Trump to free particular famous people, in exchange for attention. The policies are worse now. 
@USER it is FUCKING TIME!
@USER You are 100% correct
@USERS Anyone can say or write anything about themselves. Suppose tomorrow she says that she is a prophet and human race needs to follow her. What does that tell about her ? Once I see someone as useless moron I stop giving them any attention. You do the same brother. She is nobody.
 .@USER What say you now? I guess it is victory hand selector for liberals to use the so called white power gesture. http 
@USERSby telling me to stfu? So hurt rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS . It is see-no-evil monkey he is half Jamaican isn't he? Does he resonate more with African culture? I know the rest of you are African. it is just that I did not feel there was a strong representation from anyone Caribbean to be able to share their thoughts on a Caribbean carnival that is all.
@USER You are definitely living outside DC. I cannot get this book through Amazon in VA for two weeks becaus it is back ordered. The first print is 1 M copies!
 @USER its so cool that the blind idiot god concept is already a real thing from a religion thousands of years old but people ehave to make it a fucking cthulhu reference for retard cred 
@USERS' face with tears of joy . it is ALL about MAGA for me.as a very dear friend says 1Million followers and $1.95 will buy you hot beverage face with tears of joy fact
@USERS The tourist on holiday with his parents place a sticker on a pole in Turkey while his parents ate a restaurant and you call that support
@USERS He is delirious!
@USER How is this possible? Brady gave California a A+ rating on gun control.
@USER I love that she is using her platform for something positive and meaningful. raising hands medium skin tone hundred points clapping hands medium skin tone 
@USER Rezz is a dumb bitch who will get a rude awakening from BNF in Mexico http
Alert Candace Owens Was Just Attacked By Antifa http
@USER Breibart Comic section!
@USER Got beat by WWE.take another knee.
@USERS I do not think he is
@USER Another dumbass Democrat. One thing you have to say about this president is he is not lazy. Another bullshit story as usual
@USERS The tenet of our American Justice system.accompanies to liberals GUILTY UNTIL PROVEN INNOCENT! http 
@USER Thank you Secretary Pompeo for all your hard work! You sir are a true patriot! God bless America! maga
@USER So the FBI is a hotbed of liberals and leftists? rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing you are no Brian Dennehy.
@USERS when robyn posts a selfie the world stops for a moment to appreciate it
@USERS The Democrats are so desperate all those people threatening Sen Collins are from CA. They will do anything to delay or halt confirmation and re-election is on the line she is desperate. The people &amp GOP are quite aware of what is going on.
@USERS Who is Flake? If Flake wants to be someone &amp heard stand for Senate race!
@USER ROMY OMFG I am SOOO GLAD I MET YOU TOO BFF FOR LIFE ! YOU ARE THE BEST I LOVE TALKING TO YOU
@USER So it moves forward. Damn the facts as long as you keep up the narrative! The Dangerous line is the sliding scale line that you bunch of liberal idiots use to vilify Conservatives or justify the actions of liberals
@USER So black people need white liberals like you to keep them from turning to violence based on things they perceive to be offensive?
VOTING IS NOT OPTIONAL! CERTAINLY NOT THIS NOVEMEBER IT IS CRITICAL! LIKE &amp SHARE IF YOU AGREE! must vote2018 republicans wake up republicans conservatives maga http
@USER Poor Baby. This is why you and your entire network CAN NOT be trusted. The only people still watching CNN are brainwashed liberals and demonrats. http
@USERS Get the hell out of my country that you hate the you have trashed &amp weaponized OUR Government for 8 yrs to destroy us &amp quit telling our kids to hate the best county your a disgrace!
@USER he is going down with the rest of them deep state obama worst president ever
parents of Parkland victims call for stricter gun control at rally - Sep 8 @ 11 29 PM ET http
@USERS She's right, she's not one of, she is the one and only. 
 @USER Best part is if you read the exchange he had in that thread, a year later this dude comes back on his same blm and Antifa caused nazis bullshit . And by best i mean saddest. 
@USER and that was all done before I was 25 younger then this moron at 18 I was at Parris Island and at 25 I was at the New Jersey State Police Academy for a municipal class for 14 weeks she was tending bar at 25 and listening to all her drinking customers she is a joke
@USERS She is clearly agitated in a defensive stance Shit- what is she doing here
@USERS I think they meant to write Michael.
@USERS Who is ok with Antifa? I am not. There are medicines for your condition ma'am.
@USERS You are suggesting that it is not the law and policy sanctions regime that informs rates of benefit sanctions. The graph would suggest that is true as by 2017 the sanctions rate was lower than it was under the previous sanctions regime. Good observations about pressure ++ 
@USER Then your going to get bitten
@USERS For example, I do not think that liberal imposition or inauthenticity is the issue here. The issue is that of borders and citizenship - liberals assume the same rights and equalities arguments apply across borders that apply within borders. But that is not a widely shared view. 
@USER He looks like the ANTIFA President?
@USERS Alaska Girl chiming in.if Murkowski votes yes she is done for! From what I know most native tribes have told her to vote no! Kavanaugh on scotus would decimate Alaska Natives!
@USERS send in some of your antifa super soldiers to sort these Tommy Robinson fans out.
@USERS is for everyday working men and women. Vote Republican and keep Trump and his policies. A vote for a will cost you money folks. maga winning http
@USER Woodword's book is slander. He is nothing but a Clown Tool!
@USER How many more? This country MUST address sensible gun control! This is more than ENOUGH! VOTE BLUE! GET THIS GARBAGE CLEANED OFF OUR STREETS!
@USER It appears to be paired with a WOO-HOO so he must think he is on his way to a brothel.
@USERS She is mentally unstable.
@USER Character and Clinton. Cartoon maybe
@USER Yup total gun control works just fine. Well not in Mexico.
-- @USER Good friends are like stars You do not always see them but you know they are there. You are a star in my life. http
@USERSI like that they aren't mincing around with her. I do not understand why she is denying doing porn.
 @USER How many are willing to testify under oath that they actually knew Kavanaugh? How many would testify to having said NO to Kavanaugh? Until you have said no to man, you do not know what he is like. 
@USERS FEMA has contacted the Senator and was told.its a TV hit you take them when you can He Is a liar. If he had a set. he would put on his big girl panties and tell the truth! 
@USER But I thought Antifa were actually fascists but this shows Rethuglicans are the actual fascists in the room.
@USER What you thinking about ?
@USERSSo absurd. The left has been fielding violent feminists and communists in the form of Antifa to attack the very peaceful transition of power for more than two years. I wonder if it will ever occur to you that you are the bad guys? I doubt you have the moral fortitude.
@USER Why r you still pushing this. He is burnt. He has been outed as a sexual predator and Feinstein is ur new hero. Mondy there will be a list of women a mile long that he raped or worse. it is all Trumps fault.
Anyone surprised? @USER closer nation maga q a non http
@USER Reports reaching you? But you tweeted earlier that you are at the Kaduna Stadium
@USER You are an amazing mom red heart http
@USER Not if you are from Wisconsin. And it is a bubbler. And duck duck goose.
@USERSFollowed all MAGA
@USER Can we please now be honest with ourselves and acknowledge this trans stuff is a mental disorder? And NOT normal human behavior?
 @USER Good liberals will allow a rapist to continue serving on a federal district court while his victim continues to suffer? But.you said.you said. 
@USER Then why are you pretending to be something your not?You are a phony and all your lies won't change that!
@USERS No it is genetic. Being racial isn't racist This was co opted by the liberals and twisted into something it is not. The actual definition of racism is thinking one race is better or inferior to another race So looking out for your own race does not meet the definition
@USER Beer can red cabbage also owns the conservatives http
Give me a break! unbelievable liberal losers trump man maga drain the swamp http
@USERS So is Marr really a member of the Labour Party? And Attlee and Orwell said they were conservatives? I am interested in why you think Labour is conservative. However I do not see liberal as the opposite of conservative. Liberal poltics and economics are both right wing. Imho 
@USERS Seriously face with tears of joy no word of a lie though I am all done with live feeds after she is evicted. I cannot handle another second of all the other houseguests
 @USER She is never been tortured She was ans still be a crminal, terrorist, must be in jail! 
@USER Behar.Aren't you Jewish? Do you really NOT KNOW .that you are supporting and siding with Nazis? The Dems have been running Hitler's Playbook for years! WHY DO NEW YORK JEWS SIDE WITH NAZIS ? You Speak Against Israel. WHY? Are you Pandering in case they do take over? WHY?
@USER I feel as guys we rush into something because of how a girls looks. Without really knowing how she is. And once having her. Knowing her for who she is and realizing you do not want that without thinking of the implications or damage it can do to the girls mind.
@USER She mocked SJWs and the KKK with extremely clever satire. The fact you do not have a sense of humor or are too stupid to get it is our fault. None of that means you get to denigrate or lie about her or her motives. She is a Native American woman and you are a bigoted misogynist.
@USERS Medically this kind are known as Histrionic Personality Disorder . by the way If she is brave enough to continue this heroineics with other holy books,then I will accept that India is definitely changing. 
@USERS However if by at the top you mean Senior Engineers generally, then you are once again confusing individual competence - which surprise surprise hasn't changed - with organisational structure and competence. Good people thrive in a structure that allows things to get done 
@USERS Are you saying he is a turkey chocker face without mouth 
@USERS I'd trust mark Dobson over you sorry lot running I use that term loosley our fine city. Stop behaving like a petulant 6 year old and start doing what you are elected for.
@USERS Such delusional liberals.! So twisted with hate you cannot even acknowledge the you.S. Airforce.!
@USERS She is better than all this shit. She is better than anything. red heart selector 
@USER Comes with the territory but I am going to say it is the same leftist that control antifa.just to make more out of it than it actually is! Just saying
@USERS This is why I do not like liberals they do not have a civil conversation or come with evidence just feelings and out of context quotes.
@USER damn what i would do to be able to eat that pussy
@USER I think liberals call that a front hole now. Been having fun with that one.
@USER What exactly is it about Willy that anyone with half a brain would consider conservative? The guy is literally a poster child for Liberals
@USER No worries Lou thumbs up God's Hand is directing the TRUMP AGENDA and He will not be thwarted by Satan collision GOD's timing is not our timing. He is slowly revealing the Deep State SWAMP creatures double exclamation mark selector #REDtsunami2018 trump2020
@USER He is correct
@USERS Sharyl Attkisson is NOT the MSM! She is a truth-teller.
@USERS Queen Of Rap face with tongue Other Bitches can knot relate
@USER Well your a tool for the liberals so I am not surprised you do not see. Pretty much a tool in general.
@USERS She is great
@USER I love her! She is the sweetest! two hearts 
@USER Ah that is shite. cannot understand why people go to a football match to do their best impression of a mute. I am trying for tickets in the Kop next chance I get because I assume the Main Stand has more or less the same atmosphere as the Kenny.
@USER I would be worse than her licking that ass
@USER So a pathological liar is going to give the Judge a lecture on credibility because the judge won't admit to something he did not do. and we are the stupid ones. flushed face And liberals have no shame in the ignorance of their elected representatives.
@USERS We have a stupid problem. Conservatives do not just hate studies by smart people smart people suck that show data data schmata and facts #fakenews but just being near one can turn somebody into a nitwit. cdn poli
@USERS Funny how liberals change their tune about women accusers based SOLEY on their political persuasion! Isn't there a term for that? Oh yeah! hypocritical
@USER SHE IS CUTE I LOV HER
@USER BITCH
@USERS Kisses! face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss 
@USERS Welcome guys!
@USER He is not to be trusted
@USER If Jamie Oliver fucks with my 3 meal deals at Tesco I'll kill the cunt
@USER I CARE THAT HE WAS MURDERED. I do not care whether he had some weed in his home like a whole lot of Americans do any more than I'd care if you said he had 100 pairs of socks. He is the victim. You are trying to smear the victim. You are despicable.
@USER He is like a cheap plastic version of a real president.
@USERS They did not actually they engaged in an extortion racket via austerity and borrowed like no other
@USER If its a papercup where is the cake birthday cake http
@USERS You are agent of crypt agent of chau rch . So do not speak on temples. 
@USER Haven't set any expectations on him. he has set his own goals chasing his own dreams. he has asked those questions from the doctor and making decisions with advisement from me his parent. he is growing to be his own man
.@USER medicare is NOT medicaid . Liberals STEAL from the elderly and disabled to pay for welfare fo all
@USERS He shall know your ways as if born to them.
@USERS I should wash your mouth out with soap for saying that! I have the utmost respect and admiration for our cops. I do not have that for dirt bags who would break into my home. Gun control means a steady hand not an empty one. Go talk to Antifa buddies about being a drain
@USER Sexy
@USERSShe's not who she claims she is. that is the logical and humanitarian explanation.
@USER HE IS A RUSSIAN SPY or HAVE RECEIVED MUCH MONEY FROM PUTIN.
@USERS Well he is a liberal so that explains it. Who knows the shooter may be a liberal as far as he knows. Liberals are very hateful violent people and must be defeated!
@USER That strict gun control is sure helping in California face with rolling eyes 
@USER You are not alone. I am here with you. Razzinfrazzinmaggle
@USERS No news. orgs. are giving Faith Goldy the time of day. that is simply wrong. She may not have the experience of the other two useless fools but she cares and she is no one's fool.
10th duet with my cutiee angel @USER face blowing a kiss smiling face with heart-eyes two hearts she is damn awesomee in this two hearts two hearts her expressions face blowing a kiss just killing smiling face with heart-eyes love to do this smiling face with heart-eyes winking face raising hands nly for you my bubbly girl anupama dreamgirl bco love you my cutiee doll two hearts face blowing a kiss http
@USERS Can you show me gun control organisations that are exclusively trying to take away guns from black people?
@USER i just gave Beto $100 and you all should as well. Trump called Ted's wife ugly and he is still licking his boots for help with reelection.
GOP in striking distance to retake Franken seat maga http
@USER Prayers for your wife. I too had Colon Cancer.having bowel problems so apt w or GI after my Oncologist. So I know what she is going thru. Prayers for you both. Remember God is in control.
@USER WHERE DO YOU FIND ANTIFA IN CHICAGO
Was this a threat from @USER dangerous democrats maga http
@USER Please tell the type of suede you are using for these pants to be $474.00. Must be shipped straight from Russa gap be like http
@USERS Liberals cannot imagine a circumstance where they are forced to defend themselves or their family from violence. They imagine such an eventuality to be beyond the realm of possibility and they foolishly believe that the police will arrive quickly enough to save them.
@USERS . talks books + she is giving away a copy of her new book writer wednesday http
@USER face with tears of joy liberals know how the avg voter feels like with the bs govts says n dnt do after
@USERS Liberals own education in this country. The faults of education lies on the federal socialization of our schools and the unions power over school boards. Look where the worst schools are.
@USERS I did not know my statement was for your entertainment but the root of this problem is conservatives do not root for Serena even though she is the greatest America female tennis player to play the game. So of course they will side with the ref and it all stems from racial resentment
@USER great job winning this debate tonight ! You are clearly the best candidate for us. cannot wait to vote for you on Tuesday.
@USER She is beautiful
@USER Let me borrow yo shit first rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS It seems that holds the whip hand when it comes to governing the and Brexit.
@USER WOW! That lie'n bitch is at it again. http
55-YO UP Woman Sells Portion of Her Own House to Rebuild Road In Village! - The Better India http
Shocking Undercover Video Exposes Communists Inside Government I Break Rules Every Day - Sara A. Carter http maga wwg1wga
14. how kind she is
@USER Oooohohohohohoh you are in for a wild ride!
@USERS I got on and saw only 5 ratings. Where's the one you posted? Are you having internet connection problems? Is the deep state on to you too?
@USERS All the news outlets can continue to write stories about Michael Moore and what he says but I am one of the millions that do not really give a hoot about Michael Moore and what he says
@USER Stfu bitch why you Salty I am tryna get twitter famous ya know
@USERS The fact he committed perjury in confirmation hearings should have got him booted out by now. Unfortunately the GOP seems to think it is OK to lie if you are on their team.
@USER Gosh dangit! IF we only had reasonable replica gun control this craziness wouldn't happen! winking face 
@USERS . is 100% correct and should be applauded for criticizing our inept and corrupt President - not denounced for it.
@USER You turn a dull Tuesday night into a super sexy one! So hot! fire fire fire 
@USER But not as despicable as her own.
@USERS it is too bad california does not have any common sense gun control laws that prevent criminals from doing illegal things.
@USERS Without question Professor Ford is troubled that is being polite. Half the women in the world probably more have been groped at one time or an other and do not hold on to it for 40 years. This is obviously a political ploy to deter scotus confirmation. maga
@USERS He is both evil and delusional. He eats those high quality paint chips.
@USERS shut that wanker up
@USERS The vast majority of guns on Chicago streets come from neighboring Indiana. States with toughest laws &amp a way to keep guns out have lowest gun-related murder rates. ala Hawaii Smart gun control works!
@USER you are so beautiful
@USERS has this tropics update for us now. but she'll have the very latest details on florence with the new 11 p.m. advisory. Be sure to join us TONIGHT at 11 for News. nbc ct http
@USER FUCK OFF
@USER I am in hetero with you
@USERS Of course Swalwell and pencil neck will probably go into hiding like all liberals do when their BUSTED. Melt down liberal left.love watching it
@USER Here he is doing a demo http
@USER Liberals still do not understand what evidence is. Color me shocked
@USERS She'll have a total mental breakdown when he is re-elected!
22 kids a day shot in USA ? statues of children hiding under desks to silently plead with voters for protection http http
@USERS What if she is saying lies? Were you present?
@USERS is broadcast sewage! http
@USER Jonah hill ratted your sorry ass out wdym
@USER You are welcome! http
 @USER Al Franken had a photo of him assaulting a woman and liberals called it mock groping . The woman accusing Kavanaugh already changed her story from four guys to two at the alleged incident and won't even testify. 
@USER You are the cup holder.
@USERSthat is about the saddest existence I have ever been privy to reading. Sucks to be you man
@USERSHe is one of strongest supporter in Washington. The Primary is over The President &amp Senator Have put the past to rest. Ask yourself are you Supporting our POTUS By talking about fellow conservatives
@USERS We've had millions of people marching peacefully in the streets without incident. A small group of far left people got violent on a couple occasions when confronting alt-right hate groups. Antifa is not part of the Resistance any more than the KKK is part of the GOP. G'night.
@USER Americans have had enough of liberals at ESPN and the NFL
@USERS Just want you to look at her face the bright enthusiastic happy person she is !
@USER I guess Antifa will get the same treatment when they decide to loot.
@USER So. Did Angela hook up with a younger guy so she has someone to wipe her butt when she is 75?
@USER Good! This will surely show us how croocked he is. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
just love this meme is all a lil levity for a heavy day of cognitive dissonance q a non maga trump wwg1wga great awakening pray http
@USER Animal Mother! You are the man! http
@USERS Exactly Hat are true Feckers ! I detest them
@USER still waiting for mine fat
@USER Sam was singing and they did not tell her to stop singing and she thanked them! Unbelievable! Who the hell is she talking to?! it is bad enough when she is talking to one of the houseguest ! But to keep talking to herself! Wonder what her family think about her going nuts!
@USER Did you just replace the n-word with Dude?
@USER I think he could be called a turncoat talking out of both sides of his fucking mouth Lindsey Graham can no longer be trusted http
@USERS The left are the ones spending all our money. It wasn't the right that gave us 325 billion in debt that was the left. Remember when the liberals screamed to high heavens when Harris taklked about privitizing Hydro one? The liberals did it.
funny and hilarious meme for br exit people to deal with remain ers . as they simply have failed to put up a single argument and I am sure they are all leftists hard br exit mb ga maga mcga mega conservatives patriots http
@USERS Oh boo you sound so ignorant with your words. We are on Top. All of America is on Top now. How about stop resisting and try to help make our nation the best for everyone not just liberals. Wake up and Walk Away.
@USERSSuper President like Multiversity? Good ideia
@USER This Witch Hunt against Kavanaughs is pitiful. I cannot believe anyone could find this story is believable. Why did not she come forward in 36 years? it is crazy.set up by Liberals.
@USER Why isn't the media reporting the Soros connection. I saw only you tweet yesterday in regard to the lawyer of the alleged victim? Conservatives need to follow the money!
@USER please be aware that the following person who has confirmed attending fordfestND is the guest list , is Canada's top antifa anarchist and intends to disrupt event . His name is Alex hundert http
 @USER Hawd me back. Hawd me back . face with tears of joy 
@USER Sucks
@USER Fuckkk face with tears of joy face with tears of joy I know I seen bitch that is a slapper 
socialist liberals Clarify 'We Only Want socialism For Everyone Else'. emmys tuesday thoughts global citizen elections 2018 http
@USER Everyone should vote regardless of the candidates and parties they support.
@USER Boy was that photoshopped
@USERS Lefty Pope should also! He is Not worthy rep for true christian roman catholics! He failed his flock!
The party of Bill Clinton and Ted Kennedy are accusing Brett Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct while he was in high school. Think about that Irony for a moment. maga
@USERSRyan's wife was from a famously conservative Blue Dog Democrat family in Oklahoma. The conservatives that have left the Dems. She herself has always known to be conservative. She campaigned against Obama nationally in '08 and '12. http
@USER you are representing your case well face with tongue I am going to give call to my lawyer Matt Murdock. Wait do not say he isn't coming back . sleepy face 
@USERS Of course. Self defense. The well-known standing someone else's ground rule. She was the only one armed, the one entering his property, the one starting the interaction, how the actual fuck is it self defense? Seriously dude, do not you have a cross to burn or something? 
@USER And honestly it is ridiculous. you are grocery shopping there is no need to be like That
@USERSLittle known fact Balaam raced donkeys and gambled on races. One day his fastest ass was winning the Jerusalem sweepstakes. And right before the finish the ass lost control running over a Samaritan and two Africans . Local antifa saw the whole thing and blamed the fastest ass!
@USERS watch it again. For crying out loud he is talking about Joe within the first few minutes.
@USERS if she were a true Krishn bhakt she wouldn't even care about presence or absence of such laws. she would be above such issues. a typical Chandigarh mentality of one up manship she is caged in. call her anything but Krishn bhakt. like who cares about what she is doing .
@USER it is been up since Sunday night. He is a sloth.
@USERS SOME THINGS NEVER CHANGE! In 1991 scotus Clarence Thomas's high tech lynching by &amp maga FIGHT BACK against these lies! confirm kavanaugh djt kavanaugh me too http
@USER You are awesome! I am so thankful I know you!
@USERS Bitch shut up he building his self esteem
@USERS This hand signal is used by ignorant people as a signal of white supremacy and by evil people who get a lot of satisfaction in the idea of pissing off liberals. We should ignore both because displays of ignorance and hatefulness do not deserve our time and attention.
@USER does not any remember John McEnroe? What's wrong with people today?
usa uk and probably europe and australia With their level of intelligence? Weez all stoopid y'all! maga mega mb ga mcga conservatives patriots celebrities http
@USER When are the Republicans going to learn that Democrats hate conservatives .Vote Thursday
@USER I thought this was more Antifa training at first. winking face 
@USER Good thinking
@USERS it is a political hit job gleefully pushed by fake news and their puppet little Jimmy Liberals always finding new lows!
@USERS Isn't that the Amazon bitch from Antifa?
@USER She is very beautiful also her hair.
@USERS Lie about what? Certainly not about you throwing gun control &amp accountability out the window once an illegal is involved. And a hollering? Are you seeing shit AND hearing voices?
@USERS Neither do conservatives with May at the helm
 @USER The letter could be seen as a dog whistle to ANTIFA to inform them about the event and jeopardize the safety of possible attendees. Except it was an internal email. How is that a dog whistle? 
@USERS democracy does not have a finishing point &amp ! It is an ongoing process! http
@USER Just one more proof that the dnc hates the cosnstitution. this is exactly what pres. Washington warned us of in his farwell address. the dnc hates the constitution because it stands in the way of their totalitarain agenda. maybe that i why they push both socialism and gun control
@USER Hillary is a good reason to keep the electoral college.
@USER Crazy man face with tears of joy 
.by marginalizing conservatives politically not civically for a generation. Relegated to minority status. Ideas thoroughly disproven and ignored.
@USERS About 1 or 3 of the conservatives I know are pro LGBTQ.
@USERS Yes sir!
@USER He is a beast
Canada Spiralling Out of Control http trudeau q a non cbc maga ctv bbc t cot
@USERS I will retweet anything to do with the terrorists that call themselves antifa
@USER You are all brothers
@USERS Did you even read the article in the link?
@USERS The NFL is still a thing?
You you have committed so many crimes. No care what a liar has to say. You belong in prison. maga http
@USER You are too kind sweetie x
@USER The off and on gun control debate starts again.
@USER oh my god these people. They thought they would have their way FOREVER. Idiots
 @USER inb4 antifa isn't an extremist group! Source Antifa The Anti-Fascist Handbook by Mark Bray http 
@USER Fool on the Hill !
@USER Why of course. Liberals reject truth and accept falsehoods. that is why they do not believe Kanaugh and believe Ellison.
@USER I am very excited to buy more . The lady at the con all her manga was $6 and she told me some other cons she's going to be at so I wanna go to this one in Chicago next year face with tears of joy 
@USERS the nose distracts from the news
@USER Thank you Ms Desanctis! I am comforted that not all conservatives are letting their ambition blind their conscience. Sexual assault or harassment has been a plague on society for centuries - that should NOT make it a conservative or traditionalist cause!
@USER Buh Buh snowFlake
@USER You are TRIPPIN. Stop jumping to conclusions.
@USERS actualy I am pretty sure if you banned all guns that would definitely stop criminals from getting them. But no one wants to do that. but by your logic aren't Gun Control laws better than not having gun control laws?
@USER This sicko thinks that others scheme and lie like he and a lot of the liberals do. Remember Rham Emanuel's famous quote You never let a serious crisis go to waste 
@USER 2 battering rams used by liberals sex &amp racism. It is sinister &amp desperate beneath humanity
@USER Apparently this POS does not know that Viacom bought out BET. It went from black ownership to white ownership rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS The SPLC have also listed Antifa and BLM as well soooo.
 @USER Has your network or organization put out a report on actress Li BingBing? Some reports say she is missing , other reports say the Chinese Government has abducted her? What the heck is going on? 
@USERS 2 of 2 Vote her butt right out of office. diane feinstein is part of the problem in America not part of the solution. Her old ideas and clarence thomas tricks will not work this time. votered2018 kag confirm kavanaugh confirm coach k maga http
@USERS Congratulations!
@USER The war on free speech equals to ANTIFA http
50% of the refugees coming into Canada, for all the PMs handouts already have legal status in US, therefore not refugees but they still come and happily as the Liberals welcome them with Canadian. http
@USER Desperation! Abuse of my power cause he is losing his mind
@USER be about it anyone in California see how utterly defenseless their gun control agenda makes people? Bravery backed by effective tools prevents loss of life. Good on this guy! Be willing to win at any cost!
@USER going to be a bitch to re-write this one.
@USERS So ist es! the deep state jesuit en cabal satanists nwo kaler gi plan kaler gi preis white genocide communism antifa albert pike1871 double exclamation mark selector drain the swamp lock them all up guantanamo expropriate q a non rabbit hole selector potus45 trump2020
@USER I bet she s had more prick s than a second-hand pincushion! maga United Kingdom United States 
@USERS She should but probably cannot stay awake long enough to leave the country. Said she would move to New Zeland but I see she is still here. Too bad
@USERS You are in my top 3. Among the syndicate boss are and I am sure the 3 of you are ready to retire happy knowing this. . Been a fan since lgn&amp f! We have all grown up.
@USERS Meme was circulated during times antifa rioted and the left either ignored or celebrated them and of course not fool.
@USERS Antifa- it is not exactly a big movement but ok.
@USER 2018-09-14 23 56 Congratulations! You are on no blocklists that we can find by scraping publicly available blocktogether lists Please check my follows for people incorrectly blocked - http
@USERS I think it is a political impasse- Conservatives aren't going to vote to force a GE and TM isn't going to allow remain on the ballot paper ?
 .@USER The referendum wasn't about whether GDP goes up by 1% or down by 1%, it was about leaving political union and becoming an independent country! That is the issue that neither the Conservatives nor the Labour party wishes to address. http 
@USER Just like gun control.Obozo is a conservatives greatest asset to win elections.when he talks we win! red wave
@USERS Maybe he is making amends before open selection passes at conference.
@USER If they admitted they are lead by and cater to sex criminals exclusively it would be harder to condemn liberals and leftists as degenerate deviant cultural marxists
@USER I am SO GLAD you left! You did not deserve that disrespect and it was in all likelihood just going to get worse. You deserve someone who's PROUD of how smart and amazing you are. Someone who does not want to dim your shine to make themselves feel better.
@USER ANCIENT HOMIES COULDNT HAVE COCK COCKS FIGHTING BECAUSE THAT WAS LITERALLY ILLEGAL IN ATHENS FJSHDHJS
@USER Doomentio
@USER She is fucking delusional
@USERS Isn't it great how liberals ignore the pain of their victims because they are democrats. It is really sick.
@USER He is such a good ad for conservatives
@USER No we cannot be losing AB he is literally our whole offense
@USER noticed you broke away as soon as the senate started talking about the great 4.2 growth rate and salary increases for employees. Your station is so crooked! Also negative on the conservatives and praise the liberals! drain the deep state crooked media
@USER I am not an anime fan by any means but I do like her. She is a cutie
@USER Intruder alarm went off in my house this morning but I have a powerful weapon that this guy wants to take away from me leaving me defenseless. it is called gun control aka ban the guns.
@USER You are an absolute dick pouting face 
@USER Well duh. that is who he is. He defends other abusers so they'll defend him.
@USERS Well then I guess it is totally fine to attack his character then. My mistake. I mean what right does an American who was the victim of gun violence have to call for stricter gun control laws anyway?
@USER He is mocking non-victims claiming victim hood.
@USER Either way ny is screwed!
@USER I quite enjoy these tweets you are liking
@USER he is qualified. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS You missed the point. You do not like being called a white supremecists because you support Trump. So please do not generalize that all Dems support antifa and violence.
@USERS You can convert but it is very hard and discouraged. If just your father is Jewish you are not Jewish
@USERS Liberals act out of emotion. Not understanding the law. Then they go around condemning every1 who does not agree with their completely fucked rational. Nobody believed women for 250 years. So let's believe all women! Oh and screw the legal system! Men are pigs. he is guilty! shaking my head
@USER its all about you . trying to sell your stuff do not worry that everything is going to shit politically you must be Liberals
@USERS Sis she is. And I did answer you but you are to focused on bashing me. Sis that is just ur opinion. Mine is that she is a versatile artist and has many good albums. Say the truth for what it is. Just say you hate selena and go http
@USER He and Obama must be copying each other does any democrat have their own thought PLEASE !
@USERS It wouldn't surprise me a bit. Just like they falsely call conservatives, Fascists and justify physically attacking them. Trump's a Nazi, kill him! . it is just a matter of time before they suggest it. 
@USER Hey I do not actually really care about celebs. I am 9 or 10 out of the loop with celeb news because I do not have any interest in western celebs. If anything you should re'evaluate how you view celebs since you are the one placing a personal vendetta against someone for something-
@USER You are amazing! Hope you have an incredible future. Thank you for your contributions to this community
@USERS Your reply makes no sense
@USER Yes! Love it! You are gold! folded hands light skin tone red heart selector folded hands light skin tone 
@USERSShush it makes the ship make more sense
@USER he is
@USER Actually she was having a tantrum.
@USER She is! folded hands light skin tone red heart selector 
@USER Of course you are!
@USER When is LVMPD and MGM going to be held accountable for vegas shooting and it is subsequent coverup &amp knee jerk Gun Control? Anyone else find it curious that the first surveillance video released by MGM was in an exclusive to the New York Times ?
due process not permitted for conservatives but documented evidence against democrat cannot be believed double standards confirm kavanaugh now http
@USER Check in at the Fake Shooting. http
@USERS Its a shame that you are not on TV
@USER Why would you do this on a weekend with a major festival in Stanley Park as well as closing down Nelson street off burrard?
rss reaches out so called Liberals exposed .Want talk with Terror State . But Boycott RSS covention.
@USER they have no idea Nazis were socialist. Their complete inability to grasp reality is so mind blowing. Antifa is no shit calling for a civil war to defend slavery. The confederacy considered Lincoln a fascist too. hmmmm.
@USERS these are exciting times. God he is the worst 
@USERS Good for you Government Government. Cuomo gets endorsement of nation's largest gun control group http
@USER Sam's act is working. I swear she is acting!
@USERS That is Rachel Madcow's mother. No doubt about it !
@USER do not think she did much to accomplish that goal!
@USER So will this all be hidden like the liberals hid everyrhing about the failed Nipigon bridge?!?! Huh? Our money and we are barred from the truth sickens me. They are communists
@USER Congratulations potus maga
Too bad life sucks 4 you schiff4 brains face with tears of joy ur going down along wi ur other CRIMINAL friends. Only red line crossed is the LIES you TELL. you will never b anything more than the belly of a SNAKE maga trump2020 schiff4 brains http
@USERS Let's focus on Kavanaugh. Bringing up other cases to make an argument about hypocrisy is irrelevant. it is like saying, Let's not investigate this bank robbery because liberals have robbed other banks. Try to focus. 
@USERS She is going to be heartbroken to see you and you 6 followers go. Bot bot bot.
proud uncle smiling face with heart-eyes she is the finest cheerleader of them all blue heart te amo stinky butt heart with ribbon http
@USERS She is done out here.
@USERSThank you for your support
@USERS what is this shit right over here? I also showed to my polish friends and they are quite triggered
@USER Remember Tina. You can always sleep when you are dead! http
@USERS PURP HE IS CHRIS. I am THE REAL CJ UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE face with tears of joy psa
@USER PLELLEEAAAASEEEEE I LITERALLY SOBBED SO HARD AT THIS SCREEN WHO DOES HE THINK HE IS LOOKING SO BEAUTIFUL WHILE HE SLEEEEEEEPS
@USERS can you please tell jimin even if he knows just how amazing he is and that he actually saved my life no joke we're really thankful and please be safe and healthy i pray for you every single day and minute to be protected and safe purple heart Thank you 
@USERS Its fault.she is cheat
@USER Hold up this for real? Am I reading that right? Everything is free?
@USERS Oh and higher unemployment and witch hunts and lynch mobs and antifa communist parades .you can have all that shit and let Hollywood decide how you feel.
@USERS wow are these the types of folks we want teaching the already confused millennials?
@USER I think he is hurt
@USER Awesome Job Mr. President Trump! MAGA
@USER EVERYTHING is an issue with Muslims.go live in another country like Iran.
@USERS I did not admit anything! Read my Tweet again please! English is my 3rd language but I am rather good at it! Antifa are the Nazis! They can name them self the Messiah they would still be thugs fighting against freedom and free speach! by the way free speach is not hate speach. Man up!
@USERS Yeah we need gun laws like Europe so it is really hard for bad people to get guns. http You people are clueless about guns
@USER Holder was held in contempt of congress. Why isn't in prison for Fast and Furious? How about for murder?
@USER EXPOSE these demons violating our Constitution with violence &amp threats to run Government instead of winning at the polls! Name them domestic terrorists &amp jail them all.
@USERSNow do Black Lives Matter. And Antifa.
@USERS Kavanaugh was on the short list over a year ago. If liberals think this is a good idea just imagine how many people in the future with zero evidence 30+ yrs later including where and year can accuse people then ruin their lives including these liberals and politicians.
@USERS Here's helping improve how women are to be watched in sports. face with rolling eyes http
@USER grinning face with sweat grinning face with sweat grinning face with sweat grinning face with sweat grinning face with sweat grinning face with sweat grinning face with sweat grinning face with sweat grinning face with sweat gun control fun a statue of a stupid child under a desk are going to change peoples if that is the case they are stupid because i for will not give up my firearms or free speech or my rights to no one or no Government! Fuck you!
@USERS Republicans platform -take away healthcare -harm the environment -take away children -take away women's rights -do not believe in rule of law -voter suppression -gerrymandering -take away social security -no limits to gun control -explodes the budget voteblue2018
@USERS Then maybe we can talk about the double standards between liberals and conservatives at Somebody is always a victim.
@USER She is so beautiful but looks like dad
q a non @USER maga For those who think nothing is happening! http
Rosenstein's 300 Attorneys 'Helped' Vet Kavanaugh Now Sexual Abuse Charges http which go back to his highschool days and cannot be proven &amp Named witness DENIES pathetic confirm kavanaugh pj net because cot maga kag2018 trump2020 no more progressive liberals
sorry not sorry If you breastfeed your child who ends up having a milk allergy and so you just SWITCH to formula are you really putting your 100% into parenting?! No you are being lazy! Change your diet go lactose and soy free so your baby can have the best of the best.
@USER Sorry to read this. you are doing the right thing to report it and warn us all about them. Needless to say you are none of the things they say. Stay strong.
@USERS It is not a crisis . The Conservatives think everything is a crisis- the asylum seekers, the economy, TMX now NAFTA. Just relax guys the adults are in the room. 
@USER Has any ex Obama administration personal not yet? See a pattern here folks! Their actually doing this publicly. The msm is their partner in this treason. it is a attempted coup d'etat!
@USER Thanks for keeping us in your thought and being so kind to fans cherry blossom red heart selector . Just know this cool cat is going to drag many great thing into our fans life!
@USER Fuck you
 . She is our north star, amongst the many stars that pass away to fill the night sky with brilliancy. I cannot begin 2 imagine this as a parent but am so grateful &amp humbled for the time however brief w or so many shining stars who continue to guide all of us. http 
@USER Remember you are talking about the same media that never questions the assertions that everyone on the Right is a Nazi and Antifa is just a group of protesters.
@USER Yep this is the world the liberals want to live in.
AAA DIBALES DONG face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss http
@USER Niggaz buying pussy bitches trying to buy love.
@USERS I do not think he is guilty.this is what you leftwingers do.make up sexual assault claims about conservatives.
@USER Yeah dangerous to question a scattered 35 year old account pushed on the eve of a nomination with the liberals saying they will stop at nothing to derail judge Kavanagh or any of Trumps picks? Delete your account.
tbt That time when @USER gave us a shout-out on their blog &amp we felt like the coolest kids in town. smiling face with sunglasses From nc dd org blog Creating a Welcoming Environment with conservatives with The Village Square - revive civility to the village square http
@USERS rimmy4antifa Can this young working class proletarian join your cause http
@USERS I am also a Prohibited Possessor thanks to Obama and his every soldier has PTSD crazy administration. cannot get life insurance either.Still support the NRA and the work they do for gun rights.Hoping Trump will fix the wrongs of labeling veterans as a means to back-door gun control
@USER Does not suffer fools and has seen enough shit to last nine lives.
@USER He is the eggman.
@USERSSorry my love I know you will be disappointed maybe I'll stand in my next life time red heart 
@USER Awww his poor pocket. Try something else
 @USER GOP, Conservatives, Evangelicals, Traditionalists Catholics are all hypocrites. 
@USERS .YOU SUCK NFL
@USERS Well, they'll cut out 299 pages and replace it with 1 saying everyone needs more chlorine because'mon are you chicken? 
@USER Believe the woman. What person would volunteer for the shit show she is about to experience if it weren't true. I stand in solidarity with Christine Blasey Ford.
@USER All communist Democrat socialists are bad humans.
@USER Hmmm.they piss off the portion of the population that actually supported football and are shocked their numbers took a nose dive? Shocking!
 Gets Period You are the cause of my 
@USERS Good grief. So this is how we calm antifa people? Throw chicken nuggets at them? How ridiculous are they? I'd think it was funny if it wasn't rewarding bad behavior.
@USERS Just because it isn't a sexy diagnosis does not mean it gets low quality care. You are making an incorrect assumption.
@USERSKeep it going let's all remember VOTE! VOTE RED! Let's do the maga for our United States United States . megaphone Yaay! maga United States United States United States Statue of Liberty Statue of Liberty Statue of Liberty collision collision collision fire fire fire tornado tornado tornado tornado tornado tornado tornado tornado 
@USER Antifa took over for them.
@USERS This is why Gun Control is such a horrible idea no matter what the reasoning it it results in this kind of thing.
@USER Thus far the only people getting shot and kicked out of places are conservatives. maga walk away confirm kavanaugh
@USER . why do not they ever do it in the head to protest trump. also aren't these people all for gun control? tweet tweet. http
@USER Yeah I'll not take my gun control policy advice from a Jean's company. Beyond that trumps die hard are almost enough that the snowflakes they claim to dislike and themselves are hard to tell a part
@USERS pick selector hmm. closest emoji to a shovel go figure.
@USERS Let's not discuss fault rn. If this happened he is 10000% to blame. Let's first get reasonable amount of evidence before presuming he is guilty
@USER Donald Trump as President
@USERSAt least he is trying he is not busy tweeting hate tweets like you n your buddy aka Bishop Jonso!
yes on kavanaugh Yes because it is the right thing to do Yes because conservatives are in power Yes because Democrats are miserable humans Yes because we are sick and tired of the tantrums from the Democrats Yes because they FREAKING LOST THE ELECTION! Please add more reasons!
@USERS Why because Ford accused him of something 36 years ago and won't testify. Liberals he'd this for months and came out now. I think liberals are the ones who took a gamble
@USERS manitoba - ndp leader Wab Kinew on the carbon tax http Are you proud of yourselves and You allow the NDP to come at you from the right? you are all as insane as the trudeau liberals winnipeg canada mb poli
@USER Hello ! You used to date Anthony Weiner ! What does that tell us about you ?
@USER &amp sicking their attack dogs antifa or resist and blaming the right.
 @USER ! She may need to change her strategy. Acting like a spoiled child. throwing a tantrum and showing the world what a sore loser she is. on national television. isn't a great way to improve how anyone is viewed. 
@USERS Oh it is ok because 45 reversed the most important issue on mental health he got rid of the mental health conditions on gun control. Great job! What a guy! He is a liar proven over &amp over again. But you worship away that is your right
@USER people will get it regardless of the wall. Kind like gun control argument.
@USER You are hilarious and way too good to me.
@USER A quick way to get yourself killed. Thanks Antifa!
@USER Republicans are underestimating the fever of the liberals to get rid of Trump.
this cannot be legal . Right? kag maga http
@USER WAPO what an idiot comment you are a disgrace to journalism VERY SAD
@USERS He is. We've been saying it for years. Uncle Christopher is Tristan while Aunt Carla is Bickle.
@USER That sucks thumbs down 
@USERS Ik what other rappers think of him. But only cause he is anti-drug and honestly I think his music is good.
@USER Happy Birthday s !
@USER Funny how liberals and liberal stars hate the folks that make them and give them the very fame and power which they cannot live without
@USER Both sides have promised wall SINCE ever y should ANYONE BELIEVE ANYTHING THEY SAY? ?promised since 1986
@USERS To be fair. I am positive most liberals are just blobs of cells.
@USER You aren't a member. Butt out
@USER I do not think jack knows too many conservatives. I've never met one that did not want to lecture me on how everything should be run like a business and we should all just work harder and follow the rules.
@USER Then it is time to indict trump if you are pro-law.
@USERS Target environment keeps getting richer.
@USERS She is such a disgusting hypocrite!
@USERS As well this would allow you to still protest. But not stop a speaker or a group. Really Hitler did this in the early time of the Nazi party a group known as the SS would beat up politicians and people that did not agree with them. Sounds familiar smells like Antifa. 
@USER do not expect common sense from Liberals.
@USERS Nobody cares what thinks or wants. She wasn't elected . And she's not helping her party either so stay out there your only helping the conservatives Progressives do not LIKE YOU
@USER I FUCKING love this! so so true. and actually it is in those types of jobs you will learn the most
@USER Best not stray off message. We need to be using every death to blame guns and push for gun control. Talking about actual causes distracts from that. hear-no-evil monkey gun sense
@USERS Huh! The pot grows as council grows.in this case it is a reduction.and that amount $25m is going right back to the city for police gun control.already announced!
@USERS nope With Mm no way.maybe is time to ask Sky what has gone wrong? Because foster from CNN have the book first than KP tweeted about the book. Liberals. From Trump for Americans to Mm for British. I do not known who is worst
@USER Oh my heart! She is beautiful. MUCH more beautiful than the immersion blender.
A new bill aims to send masked Antifa activists to jail for 15 years @USER http
@USER it is so sad where we are in America now Liberals should be against this kind of McCarthyism All you have to do us accuse Yet there was a Chinese spy in a dem office for 20 years n the media just shrugs
President Trump is fighting for the American worker and American Jobs! maga http
@USERS it is laughable that you parade China with its shocking human rights record. In China extreme Gun Control only meant death for millions of Chinese citizens at the hands of the state . The History is well known.
 @USER how does what I am saying relate to gun control. if police departments will not prosecute their own family then it is time to limit their access to all weapons. A police department reluctant to acknowledge their own wrong doings and correct them do not deserve access to weapons. 
@USERS do not ever stop lil ma COUGH eddandflow COUGH oh shit is that my Snapchat how'd that slip out?! .add me folded hands medium-light skin tone weary face 
@USERS Did Chuck think Juanita Broderick credible-Keith Ellison's girlfriend domestic abuse credible? The truth is Chuck is a sh t stirrer for a cause. In this case- ruin a mans impeccable career-embarrass his wife &amp daughters-all in a sleazy days work. Y?Liberals destroy what do not like
@USERS all you want is gun control while you let corporations rip us Americans off you do not stand up against cops assassinating unarmed black Americans cops are enemies of Americans that is why their against because they want to kill blacks in America thanks 
1. Killshot 2. Gun control 3. Rap devil
@USER Hollywood's finest.
 #MondayMotivation Liberals backing Kavanaugh Accuser high school episode to attack scotus pick - but praised adultery superstar mccain - logic much? maga liberalism is a mental disorder http 
@USER Epic fail
@USERSAntifa would put nails in the pillows so I do not recommend it
@USER I hope she stays safe and she is a brave soul. I am on the coast of NC and will be staying put for now. I am scared but I cannot leave without my hubs. He has to stay and man the prison he works for.
A bitch is complaining to corporate about me in our lobby 
@USER I saw some shit today that made me want to @ her and politely ask her if I could be her stylist. because I am not here for these early 2000 bangle bracelets and unnecessary accessories like who's responsible? I have a few words. http
@USER yyyy fuck no bitch we decided we both was gone steepppp
liberals grasp at unproven straws . not plastic http
@USERS So is a BJP leaning intellectual but so called liberals are not Congress leaning intellectual and you are definitely not Congress karyakarta. 
@USER You said your complains for Fox News is nothing like Trump's war against news media. You are right. Trump did not use Espionage act of 1917 to spy reporters he does not like. Yours is much worse and scary!
@USERS So only people that own firearms are allowed to comment on the Gun Control Debate?! beaming face with smiling eyes 
@USER Funny Human Rights He is Pro Abortion That settles it He lies pacified deceives Playboy
 #DEMOCRACY Civil Disobedience is Paramount dump ford dictatorship conservatives liars fascists on poli to poli it is time for Ontario's other municipalities to stand up for local democracy http via @USER 
@USER Christina would have been a better choice than Courtney . Hadwin has done this and is not as much of an amateur that she is making America believe
@USERS is clearly racist and anti senior citizen. How do you allow this? Conservatives will never take you seriously if you do not start being fair.
@USERS I mean he is worth it
 a shooting happens in a country with gun control laws for the first time in literally decades Y'all BUT THE GUN LAWS SHOULD'VE PREVENTED THIS UNGA BUNGA THIS IS WHY GUN CONTROL SUCKS BET YOU DUMMIES WISH YOU HAD GUNS meanwhile another school shooting happens in America 
@USERS He is.
@USERS Follow along. Conservatives paid Fusion Fusion paid Orbis Steele's company . it is not that hard. seriously
@USER Antifa isn't after her.
@USERS It matters less than swaying the political slant of the SCOTUS by both parties. that is a fact. This is only important to lib's and conservatives as to the Court makeup.
 @USER it is up there with the bumper sticker liberals , just more expensive. 
@USER Damn he fell victim to a little thing called TOS much like the ones on his own site http http
@USERS If Kavanaugh is confirmed there will be two sexual deviants sitting on the Supreme Court. Both Conservatives and nominated by Republicans. Democrats put women on the SCOTUS and Republicans put perverted men there. FOR THEIR LIFETIME! stop kavanaugh stop trump save scotus
@USERS Liberals have no shame. To them the outcome justifies the mean
@USERS Tippi Hedren was in Julie and Jack which rifftrax also did . The scene from Birdemic that she is credited for was from that movie playing on the tv in the hotel.
@USER Coming from a guy who worries more about straws than cleaning up failed 'shitty' policies.now he knows best.
@USER I hope they were Reporting on Gun Control
@USERS Popular side does not equal winning side. Facts are that private schools do a much better job educating students than public schools. Public school teachers get unfair perks that they do not deserve. it is unfair to private school teachers.
@USER Jeff Flake looks like he is flaking out on the confirmation.
@USER How fucking sad persevering face 
@USER Bull.she is probably in debt and Soros is paying her. you are never afraid if this happened.give us a break.
@USER I suppose you think the way liberals attacked Sarah Palin was courageous also. you are just another hypocrite.
@USERS Ilegal Invader Kills 13-Year-Old Canadian Girl
@USER 20 million dollars from cbs to me too can buy a lot of lies from a lot of professional witnesses with a lot of axes to grind. Antifa is fully financed by BLM millions they collected from Obama's Justice dept and look at the antiamerican havoc they create. me too is warming up.
@USERS what the fuck was that other than a waste of a minute and change of my life
@USER CATFIGHT! MEOW
@USERS I much prefer the latter option.
@USER you are not alone or I am here with you musical notes grinning face with sweat 
@USER Bill I do not consider Democrats as Americans. Our Constitution does not mean anything to them. Most of them are uncultured uneducated and violent like Antifa. Some have already declared Judge Kavanaugh Guilty of Rape.
@USER Eject him from the Senate. What rule will he break next time. If you cannot follow rules you shouldn't be a Senator.
@USERS I want to adopt this dog. He or She is so precious face blowing a kiss 
@USERS All great American Patriots are the dregs of society in the warped and delusional perspective of Joe Blow Biden. He is a disgrace to America.
@USER What a joke. Another dirty tricks Democrat on the George Soros payroll. The Democrat Party knows no shame. maga
@USER she is weary face 
@USER You are very welcome Gordon and Shirley wilted flower snake rose snake wilted flower snake rose xxx
@USER Clearly as long as she is safe no one else matters face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER Always looking for faults and forgetting to look at the whole picture. Journalism objective reporting is dead as now everyone is a pundit subjective expert .
@USER what the actual fuck.ill report them this is so fucked up
@USER He should leak that shit anyways 
- - No other 1st world country has bullshit like this because they do not have BULLSHIT problems like this Fuck the gun industry and fuck the dipshits enabling them preventing sensible gun control http
@USER You are right Joe. I can do an interview with Fox when I get back from Iowa.
@USERS Itne me too liberals ko BURNOL khana padega.
@USERS We need gun control! 
@USERSFollowing maga
@USER She is absolutely adorable what a good mommy you take good care of her. revolving hearts 
@USERS Yes, you are right not only lefties but neo liberals having any trouble. This papers have proper journalistic ethics - it is funny grinning squinting face grinning squinting face grinning squinting face and Magyar Nemzet or N pszabads g had highest circulation - it is also funny or only in the communistic past before 1989 or grinning squinting face grinning squinting face grinning squinting face ! http 
@USERS Tip. He is no franchise QB.
@USER Great Gun Control! Takes Concentration and Steady Hand! Way to Go Girl! http
@USER Disgusting! That tells you more than anything that we need law n order and that is conservatives n Kavanaugh!
@USERS So. what did The Big O accomplish on gun control in his 8 year disaster?
@USERS Anyone besides me think he is angling for Sessions job saw today statement made only sitting Senator would be approved as replacement otherwise Senators wouldn't stab Session in back well not sure how it makes a difference but LG may be angling then send Mueller packing
 @USER Aurora is growing and learning stuff quickly! She is really good at drawing and counting! Such a intelligent baby He laughts playfully at kiss being breaked. Pecks his nose. 
@USER He is so underrated and I love how pure he is as a person
@USERS Or he raised a hand. shaking my head
-You would never guess that this employee plays Covet a fashion game on her iPad in her free time. mobile phone -She has a strange phobia of dogs. dog -She is amazingly weird! She can jump over her foot while it is in. http
@USER Go back to Canada you freak.
@USERSyep because not agreeing with forcing adult memes and choices on individuals not developed enough to comprehend them means I am homophobic
Americans are smarter than you think. maga votered2018 redwaverising2018 save our country vote dems out http
@USER He just does not fit the team now. Agholor should stay in the slot because that is where he is successful. JMatt is not an outside threat.
@USER Nike lost $3.75 billion after kaepernick was named face of just do it bullshit.
.@USER has proved to us a second time she is undeniably a force to be reckoned with in the industry with the release of lot w video Check it out here http
@USERS I stand corrected! Guess the only memorable thing about her to me is how hateful she is lmfao.
@USER Google go to hell!
@USERS Its her job to do that he is not her pr guy.
@USER She is better than everyone at everything because she is a literal angel who can do no wrong
@USER Unless you live in Sweden the Gang Rape capital of the world. Where 1 million migrants were welcomed with open arms. Not vetted thanks to the liberals in power .
@USERS then you are not equipped to adopt. period
@USERS woman accusing Supreme Court nominee kavanaugh of physical and sexual assault should not be ignored or insulted,WhiteHouse senior counselor says BECAUSE A RAPIST &amp ATEMPTED MURDERER cannot GO FREE Because He Was 17yrs ,DRUNK &amp WANTED IT exclamation mark #tcot pj net maga http
@USERS Chicago has been ran by Democrats for decades. Why is it up to the GOP to solve the problems they created to begin with? Act is absolutely code for gun control and that is not happening nor would it help anyway. You need 1000 detectives. Start hiring.
I think Judge Kavanaugh will be voted through next week after Mondays hearing unfortunately for him his reputation has tarnished by these vicious lies MAGA WWGIWGA http
@USERS You are welcome Casey.
 @USER If only he were the craziest MF out there. Sadly, he is NOT. There are far worse examples of good Christians. 
@USER So innocent until PROVEN guilty only applies to liberals?
@USERS I am in an interracial marriage you liberals throw that word around so easily you might want to look it up and see what it means http
@USERS What was the average wage to average house price when Thatcher was in charge? That ratio is the fundamental reason. Build as many as you like but if they are not genuinely affordable you are just wasting resources.
@USER brother ita going to be ok You will have to go it without your parents being there 24 or 7 which can be hella scary. But you are more ready than you think. Its going to be more fun than you could bet
@USER LMFAOOO baby you just as young as she is loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face 
@USER it is fine. The liberals made sure that we use as much carbon as possible to make electricity.
@USER She is she blocked me http
@USER He is not working for Texas he is paid by the Soros cartel. Not fond of Cruz but Beto is a dangerous person! Just another DNC sheeple!
@USER I want to kiss your ass.
@USER A person's stance on gun control is a telling statement on if they believe in the rights of the individual. Might as well stamp Statist on their forehead. Please vote accordingly.
@USER Beto also wants open borders so illegals can come an go as they please an also more gun control espically on semiautomatic weapons.#BetoNotForTexas
@USER does not Canada need it is comedians back.
@USERS There is absolutely no point in debating a liberal. Your party has swung so far left and have nothing but hate. All rationale has fleeted your side. Trump could create world peace and a utopian society and liberals would still resist for no other reason than your hatred.
@USERS You do know antifa is far left republicans are peaceful we just only use violence to protect ourselves from antifa.
@USERS F Hope! Since he is 'NOT smarter than a 5th grader' maybe she is!
@USERS It is metallic color. Tomorrow I go to get it smiling face with halo It was my birthday gift face with tears of joy 
100% agree with Trump on this. Surprised to see so many liberals talk about how cute he was sneaking candy at a war criminal's funeral. http
@USER Good thing California has all those gun control laws ?!?! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy OK hand 
@USERS #joebiden calls Trump supporters dregs of society. biden organized a coup in ukraine His son steals $B from ukrainian people as they leave their country in search of jobs. maga potus zog
@USER He needs to lose some weight
@USER Destroying me? Excuse me I beat you all the time why you bullshitting that? Also I love you more face with steam from nose 
@USER you are the only motherfucker with common sense on this website
@USER For what? Lies and rumors being spread by liberals with their known pattern? Hell NO.
@USER Shes so old that shes been pushing gun control since the Lincoln assassination.
@USER Blue Jamie Lee! We won't miss ya.
@USER Corrupt period. grinning squinting face grinning squinting face grinning squinting face oncoming fist medium skin tone oncoming fist medium skin tone last week you liberals were saying he won't release because he has something to hide grinning squinting face grinning squinting face grinning squinting face grinning squinting face grinning squinting face o boy you people those people that depend on an actor for info Wow! you people scare me is it green today or is it yellow face with tears of joy exclamation question mark selector 
@USER Grew up listening to K.I.D.S shit breaks my heart rest in peace
@USER Delusional idiot and the traitor!
@USER happy birthday dad ily thanks for being the best man you can be and for caring for all of us. we love you and appreciate all that you are and all that you do koala bear face 
@USER Reminder it is in Trump's best interests to have that SCOTUS seat empty during the mid terms and even the next election. it is his only trump card against challenges from his own party or conservatives these days.
@USERS Oh she is doing that all by herself
@USERS You mean like the Democrats do to push their gun control agenda?
@USERS Not if it is unwanted by the mother. Then the left flushes it down the toilet and goes to an ANTIFA rally to celebrate.
@USER jimin-ssi i hope you know you are an angel. i love you so much. you are always amazing
@USER Ur head bout big as shit
@USERS That solidarity with Israel banner photo of Antideutsch infiltrators was originally used in an online mag Bunker which has connections to fashy pro- i ek types from the 8chan or leftypol or board. it is a go-to image for the anti-antifa crowd. Archived http 
 @USER They've morphed into Antifa. Antifa gets better coverage and that all important Soros cash! ie I am so upset about you know racist stuff and Trump and children in cages and everything the like that, ya know? 
@USERS Complete and utter waste of time. Liberals
.and what plan might that be? The discredited Chequers Plan or crash out without a plan? http
@USER Blame Trump for the weather and the corruption that existed for decades in PR. What an ass typical democratic
@USERS and no one is attacking Trump supporters at large Ever heard of Antifa? I thought you were leaving long ago anyway? Why are you still wasting my time? 
@USERS Cats are the Antifa of the animal world
@USERS Do yourself a favor and watch this There is still time for you to spit that kool aid out and pay attention to what is happening. You right leaning conservatives are so brainwashed it is sickening.
@USER he is quite beautiful for what he is
@USERS That nigga snitched and added spice on top of his snitching
@USERS ATTENTION. is publicizing the names of Trump supporters on his Twitter Account on Lists . Some names are high profile and some are just random Trump supporters. The list is a ANTIFA TARGET LIST. Please help report him. Twitter needs to SUSPEND HIS ACCOUNT., 
@USERS Unfortunately, the report is riddled with errors. It fabricates connections between influencers that simply do not exist, and categorizes liberals as far-right if they even openly debate conservatives http 
@USERS Far right bastards. They are literally everywhere. Luckily we have far left extremists like Antifa and Jeremy Corbyn's supporters to act as a counter balance. http
@USERS Liberals believe in the Constitution. it is just ultra leftists that do not
@USERS Well if she truly thought he was an intruder in her home I would suppose she would revert to her police training. What sickens me is all the media hype that she is going to get off strictly because she is white and he is black. Horrible all the way around.
@USERS Ben is a terrible person that probably raped some people. He is a vial human being in my book. Has nothing to do with his on the field play. I do not like him personally.
@USER An idiot. Where the fuck do they get these people?
@USER honestly ya when i talk about my opinions on gun control people are taken aback. face with tears of joy 
@USER Indie noun a place where people as talented as you are working just as hard as you to get to the spot you are at. Opportunity does not knock for everybody.
@USER Breitbart is dead
@USER Won't be legalized federally since it can be used as back door gun control.
@USER Start by not tweeting pussy ass shit
ASMR EEL SUSHI SALMON SUSHI EATING SOUNDS BIG BITES No Talking YAYA ASMR http
@USERS Ya and it looks like he is in a lit of the same MMA accounts as we have. Weird.
@USER I AM SO WEAK SHE REALLY BEAT HER ASS
@USERS Thanks DBC! Love reading your books! I've heard that 51 is pretty epic too - looking forward to finally getting to read it soon!
@USER He is why I stopped watching football
 stop sign Ntknetwork News stop sign backhand index pointing right 'RNC Has Raised Over $250 Million for the 2018 Midterms' maga2a prolife http
@USERSYou cannot help it because you are AMAZING!
@USER .her background is being kept under wraps.chance she is a rabid MAGA.as most cops are! Law enforcement entities are attempting to keep quite those who are in trouble and who are MAGA's.
@USER Bird ass http
I did not know this. Great job california ! maga http
@USERS I would name my dogs breed but I have no fucking clue what he is
 @USER Liberals do not care anymore about democracy . They will burn the country before let trump to govern two more years. Remember that the objective was to throw trump out of power within the first six months. 
What a start to the week for our adults Krav Maga classes! Keep up the awesome work guys. It is a pleasure see old faces coming back to training and many of you utilising the new timetable oncoming fist light skin tone oncoming fist light skin tone See you in class The Elite Team
@USER you are no patriot if you actively try and disrupt the will of the people simply because you lost the election. When has it ever been patriotic to undermine the Presidency? He is working to bring prosperity to every American.
@USER I thought liberals got rid of high school shop class
@USER Can you say DESPERATE?!?!?!
@USERS Many arrests have taken place. Socialist media not covering of course. The coming arrests will make socialists heads explode. WWG1WGA! MAGA! DRAIN THE SWAMP! BUILD THE WALL!
@USER At least brennan is smart enough to recognize that Trump is a lion. he is not smart enough to know that he cannot hurt Trump. Hurting Trump is what that idiot fantasies about.
@USER Holy shit of all people to say that a Nebraska fan. Please take your dead program somewhere else and keep your VCR around to watch highlights from the 90s.
@USERS that explains it then she is an alien! 
@USERS He needs to speak to someone about all that anger he is harboring! Cause that should not have made him explode like that. He has some underlying issues. Lordt face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS I mean gun control so you cannot defend yourself
@USER poor Godless liberals
@USERSI think it was found that less well educated conservatives were more inclined to accept the Government directive at face value
@USER He is such a good dude! Where do you work?
@USER people are awake. Projection is no longer a tactic that Liberals can successfully use.
 But look how cranky she is! http 
@USERS We've had a good conversation. Many will condemnations me for my part from both sides. It does not matter. This is what gun control is about. Discussion.
@USER CORRECTION The Liberals won a false-majority on the backs of a lot of close races emphasis on false. electoral reform
@USER Thanks for Following. We're glad to be connected.
@USER GGG knows he is going to knock him out no way this goes to judges.
@USER Its called espionage. He is doing it in plan site to help his bosses in Moscow.
@USERSFollowing all patriots. PLEASE follow back. Thank you. maga kag walk away witchhunt red wave rising vote red vote dems out vote red to save america
@USER He is so confused. One of the liberals running loose Beaware http
@USER Tyler! On Thursday! Go girls! I think Tyler believes he is the mastermind and he needs to take a seat. Angela or Kaycee for the win!
@USER Bono .get out of town
@USERSSays the person who refused the idea of having differant views on things? You really are a product of the US system. US antifa-lite. Is your world really that small?
@USER She is going to pull it out of her A-crooked-letter-crooked-letter.
@USER i had a man tell me their body count was 40+ but refused to be with a woman who had more than 5. what the FUCK.
@USERS My dumbass was really thinking how in the hell is she been pregnant for the last 6 years loudly crying face loudly crying face 
@USERS Have you all seen this from Antifa about disarming people in open carry states? http
@USER So you realize what a fool you are making of yourself with your weird obsession over susan sarandon Maybe do some research b4 spouting off nonsense.
@USERS And while yes, hate groups is ill defined, we KNOW of hate groups on the right, and there is antifa, but they are not anywhere near the level of the modern conservative hate groups but then again, its subjective, so I guess neither of us can actually make a valid statement 
@USERS Would any of the three offer a peoples vote on Brexit?
@USER Exactly! Ford is just a damn pawn for the Baby-Adults of America or aka Democrats. she is a liar lying face - I red heart selector that Conservatives will control the highest court for 20+ years.
@USERS Liberals today R VERY different from Classical Liberals. Liberals today have gone so far left they R Marxists. you are burying your head in the sand if you think neo &amp classical Libs are the same. Trump is so authoritarian people can say what they want about him &amp not be killed. 
@USER ANTIFA WANNABE index pointing up index pointing up index pointing up index pointing up 
@USERS and is inciting VIOLENCE towards Trump supporters on lists to be targeted by ANTIFA.
@USERS Ain't nobody bitter here. Women who know their worth spending their life upgrading somebody son but actually LIVING it and becoming their best versions for THEMSELVES. You go look cute on your maid outfit, like you always do 
@USER Poorly worded but he is not talking about the actual shooting. He means the aftermath with the gun control aspect.
@USERS She is in witness protection. I wish this cow had a mobile phone so she could call other cows and share her escape. go vegan
@USER Liberals are dangerous. They'll say and do anything to push their agenda. The victims are judge Kavanaugh's wife and daughters.
@USER need more ladies to spread out their pussy's on cam smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USER Bullshit there's rich liberals too so what are you saying ?
@USER Wow you really think this works I am going to tell my wife she is going to hell 
@USER How he is still batting
@USER Love ya girl! Never change! Your perfect as you are! person raising hand rose kiss mark 
@USER Liberals at there lowest
@USER Brennan probably wrote that NYT op-ed
@USER ANTIFA DEMOCRATS are going to pay so YUGE in November it will be the final nail in the coffin. You are FruitCake Trust Funded FakeNews Journalism.
@USERS So let me get this right. Mogg is attacked and you are accusing him of profiting from it?
@USER Boi he is bts and so is all of the other members
@USERS Paul Manafort is a legit trader but because he works ed for Trump. I guess it is not a big deal to conspire against your country anymore. maga
@USER Exactly what I think.
@USER Sex is work
@USER GOOD BITCH! The hood missed you face with tears of joy crazy thing is i just was saying how them smoke out by your house used to be lit everyday
@USER Chelsea she is so freaking beautiful I cannot believe her skin color so beautiful! I live Aubree she is such a great little lady!
@USER You are such a great friend.
@USERS 50 Year Mandatory Federal Sentence for ANY crime committed with a gun. Stop the gun control nonsense and punish the guilty ! NO politician today will support this ! Gun control and safe zones do not work. Pols do not want less crime only Hot Air ! http
@USER Nonsense people want stricter gun control laws. Your response is buy more guns. How is that rational debate?
@USER it is just getting so predictable.
@USER I hope you are right for everyone's sake. I want your voice to be heard more often.
@USERS What dos this have to do with the NRA? California has lot and lots of worthless gun control laws already. Gun control does NOT work because crazy people do not obey the law.
@USER BITCH I JUST POSTED ABOUT THAT KDKSKSKS I HOPE YOU GET BETTER SOON
@USERS We are busy MAGA love our president purple heart thumbs up United States 
@USERS Glad to follow Don. Great that he is Trump supporter.
@USERS death threats . Where are the police complaint forms, where are the field notes from the police, where are the recordings? Sounds to me like antifa is staging it to push the narrative of the socialist democrats http 
@USERS Anything he does right now will be over shadowed by Florence. I think he is holding till after the storm.
@USER Amen
@USER you escaped some shit then. even if I do not regret watching it for a minute. loyal wolf
@USERS I know who she is but I've never seen her watch a Benfica games this takes shit to a new level
@USER And has NOTHING to do with math!
@USERS Thanks for the resistance boycott any means nessasary losers they Hollywood MSM Rinos Google Facebook and Twitter China Jack Black haters ANTIFA are ruining our country enough we need a wall
@USERS it is time for the common sense conservatives to take a day off and march on Washington.
@USER Even if suspended .he is an absolute game changer. make it happen
@USER You go girl! God bless you and all the survivors and for getting young people out there to vote for common sense gun control
@USERS Populism - political ideas and activities that are intended to get the support of ordinary people by giving them what they want - Cambridge Dictionary Yes I too think the liberals and conservatives must unite to prevent ordinary people from getting want they want collusion face with tears of joy 
More than likely she forgot because her mental capacity is dropping each and everyday. This woman is not fit to serve any longer just like she said Trump was not. Remember she is part of the problems and not a solution at all. MAGA http
@USER Because he is the reason for it.
@USER LIBERALS it is Trumps Fault. thinking face 
@USERS Out on the next tide would be more appropriate
@USERS Following because she is not only a tacozt bit a sociopath and a moron all lethal combos
@USER If your a Democrat and you love this great country how can you standby and watch as the liberal arm of your Democratic party tries to destroy everything we love about our country. walk away no actually runaway libs hate america commies suck maga and kag for everyone United States 
@USER Shameful. nra is spending over a million $ to get Kavanaugh installed. Gun control isn't his pot of Tea. http
@USERS Good. We do not want your vote. Why do not you want to see the corruption? It shouldn't matter what side you are on! Shame on you!
@USER Good Democracy is overrated. Read Hans Hermann Hoppe- Democracy The God that Failed
@USER I guess you all looking wrong or looking for wrong thing. my girl was walking when started dating. about 2 yrs in she is physically handicapped. I am still w her. no sex. just love for her and her spirit.
@USER See. it is not gun control we need. it is Leftist Liberal Control. Guns do not kill people. Idiotic Immoral Leftists do. liberalism is a mental disorder dems are dangerous walk away
@USER Oh yes smiling face with sunglasses 
@USER Conservatives are 1000x funnier than Liberals.
@USER What does she think she has done to Kavanaugh family? You cannot throw crap out there and not back it up. Nothing but a stall tactic. Liberals would fight anyone being appointed
@USERS face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy yeah. Peaceful because the right .Well.know they're right. No counter protests. Unlike fascist Antifa. As for 7k . who counted? Dianne Abbott?
@USERS maga Make Alcatraz Great Again
 @USER The pit bull debate is just like gun control. Pit bull kills someone and here comes pictures here's my loving pit. gun kill's someone and its I have 4 guns and they never killed anyone. 
@USER that is the plan for next summer actually. We need it for shade and I was thinking that could be a fun side project.
@USER sis Mandys no nose havin ass from the grim adventures of billy and Mandy can smell that shit wheeew http
@USERS You should investigate Antifa's connections to the Nazis.
@USERS If the conservatives aren't standing up against Dumpster's unconstitutional and illegal activities, then they are just as complicit as he, and henceforth, supporting the tangerine toddler's policies and actions. FFS, be Americans before party loyalists. Or else we all lose. 
 @USER .Oh What about Kyle's since he is one of your many adoptive dads 
@USER Liberals do not live in the real world.
@USER living up to his nickname tonight! Fucking nightmare. ufc228
@USER Happy now liberals!
@USER No wonder liberals are so messed up! Watching and supporting trash tv!
@USERS She is the gift wrapped gift that keeps on giving! We conservatives just love her !
@USERS Yh he is
Our only option toSAVE our Country. heart suit selector United States white medium star United States white medium star United States heart suit selector Is to NEVER stopFIGHTING for her. heart suit selector Vote MAGA Red heart suit selector http
@USER Dividing us is no longer working for hollyweird Demoncraps or liberals race card no longer helping you zipper-mouth face snowflake selector lying face nauseated face smiling face with horns 
@USERS . tells us she is an unserious attention seeker http i phone 
@USERS Mom says finish up those Antifa posters and get upstairs. Dinner's ready.
@USER I think other countries are following MAGA grinning face people are sick of being overrun &amp then have to pay for it all!
@USERS You bring up a great point. These morons really look at life like it is the movies. They do it in the gun control debate all the time. They seriously think that a shootout with a bad guy will never hurt bystanders. it is why they want to arm teachers. Idiots!
@USER Yeah this series only has 3 books. I got the sword art online novels too and some other mangas
@USER Good for her!
@USERS You just described Antifa and the Black Block as well as the Democrats and big tech. Why do you defend fascists?
@USERS .Said the idiot who handed over billions to the Iranians in what was likely the worst deal in the history of US foreign policy. You are the poster child for someone not qualified to do a job . 
@USER These people are the worst kind of criminal playing off the emotions of their base fueling hatred in this country with insane rhetoric. Playing constant mind games to cause anger is not helping their cause some liberals are catching on.
@USERS Antifa will sign anything if they're paid enough.
 #MAGA great thing about hurricane Florence did not have to hear the bionic woman with the amazing memory talk about a party 3 million years ago http 
@USER Let her come to DC and testify by being safely surrounded by the DNC's street army antifa and even let them wear those cute black masks. That way Americans can see the diversity of the Democrat party and how they protect their own. Good?
@USERS 1. AFTER she lost, she focused on her opponent. So you are when they lose. Serena wasn't losing. She is never losing until that last point. 2. You can say she screamed it was loud there , I use the word DEFENDED her integrity. 
@USER but nice
@USERS Okay violent liberal ANTIFA with your KKK hoods beating up strangers you know nothing about!
@USER Made my wife take the Egghead Bible Challenge. Our two kids are obviously more obnoxious than that loop because this shit isnt phasing her at all.
@USERS Liberals and Democrats are Psychopaths! Yep! Something wrong with all of them. face with monocle Nigeria 
.@USER Congratulations! Thank you for being a role model for so many young conservatives. The conservative movement cannot thanknyou enough. Thank you for everything you have taught me. http
@USERS removable magazines are still a problem, but limiting high cap mags is another bit of the gun control legislation that will be needed to curb the health problem we have in this country. 
@USER Ask the liberals who have seemingly forgotten that you are a war criminal.
@USERS Hmm cats and dogs are not raised as food. But I understand what you are saying. smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USER I cannot believe you replaced the American flag with the Antifa flag!
@USERS She is the bomb!
@USER I would Starfleet Antifa was here to witness. rest in peace
@USER The lies i keep hearing everyday sigh INHALES I am TIRED OF YOU PUTTING YOURSELF DOWN AND IF people do not SEE HOW BEAUTIFUL MY BESTFRIEND IS THEN ITS THEIR PROBLEM You are beautiful ive seen iT so its my place to tell you you are beautiful and i accept nothing less. If not more face with steam from nose 
@USER I do not believe Erick Erickson exists. I do believe he is a Democrat PR firm creating a Republican persona to have it say idiotic things to discredit conservatives.
@USERS do not know who he is and do not really care. Some rich dude that probably hates our President and our country.
@USER You are phinnaly there!
@USERS I teach my grown sons theres winners and losers.see Serena temper tantrums she is a Democrat.
 @USER Step 1 Approach the fascist from behind. I see two problems with this, the first being that it would require the antifa member to recognize their own projection. 
@USER It all makes sense now that is why he is wondering around oh my god I was thinking why is he becoming so local he needs to head back and make that album I am stressing
@USER Shooting in USA is so common no one is talking about gun control any more.
@USERS Liberals be like http
@USERS Please stop! you are making it TOO EASY for right-wing conservatards to mock those of us on the Left! not helping
@USER Looks Like The Jokes On Liberals Again. fort trump poland booming economy http
 @USER I think you are gravely mistaken You cannot blame the rise of fascism collective struggle of black people. All politics is identity politics and nobodies freedom has priority over an other. Capitalism has multiple axis of exploitation and if you ignore one you fail! 
@USER The team even know he is Ass
@USERS I suggest using handcuffs to remove you!
obama wall won't keep terrorists away. Same Obama gun control will prevent killings by criminals and terrorists? walk away
@USER republicans or conservatives are the most disgusting people
@USERS The more Antifa BS average Americans see in the news the more repulsed they are by their antics.
@USERSNope. I lived in the middle of a country's civil war. Gunfire and all. What I did see was Antifa hitting the elderly and children passing by one of their rallies.
@USERS Isn't it funny how they want gun control but they partner up with snoop dog thinking face 
@USERS So we seek answers from the leadership of our country that is this our new South Africa. Mr President if you are the leader of S.A you will surely make an example of them. We are tired.
@USER I love you so much yoongi you are the reason that i could be happy all day . you are smile is the most beautiful think that i ever see in my hold life smiling face with heart-eyes face blowing a kiss purple heart http
@USER Schumer also wanted the IRS to go after conservatives and the Tea party organizations during the Obama administration. Chucky the clown wants President Trump impeached so stop voting for Democrats. Tell Chuck to confirm 400 nominees still waiting to do their job.
@USER Happy Birthday again Namjoon! thank you for always sharing your thoughts and feelings with us! you are a beautiful person with a beautiful mind and heart purple heart sparkles Aries http
@USERS What law will you pass that will get people who ignore all other laws to obey? A murderer ignores a ton of laws but somehow he will obey gun control laws?
@USERS her opinion. she is not a Feminist.
@USERS Monte McNaughton, who once accused the Government of failing uphold the rule of law when he sided with campers over an Indigenous group so, surely he is equally concerned about a Government trying to rig an election you cannot pick and choose who is subject to the rule of law 
@USER hope you are having a great day honey. cannot wait to talk to you grinning face with big eyes I love you two hearts face blowing a kiss 
@USERS And now we're off to get milk and cookies
@USERS Because he is talking to an idiot. Liberals have a mental disorder. In his book The Liberal Mind The Psychological Causes of Political Madness. Dr. Rossiter exposes that the ideology motivating Liberals is actually a mental disorder. Read more http 
@USERS . We did a great job of electing and a terrible job of who we sent to congress to support him Conservatives left frustrated as Congress passes big spending bills http
@USER God + MAGA equals to Block. Buhbye.
@USERS Apart from the fact that if Lib Dems had been in Coalition again Brexit would have never happened. The were a moderating force on the Conservatives. More Lib Dems in 2015 would have meant no Brexit
@USERS Democrats would love to see mob rule. that is why they like Antifa. 
@USER woman facepalming medium-dark skin tone she's dead ass serious too. Smdh
 &gt 500 comments, and all negative, slamming Chris Hayes for promoting vote suppression via Michael I love rapist &amp Putin-puppet Assange Moore &amp his latest kill the Dems movie. How about a town hall on women's repro rights &amp gun control on eve of Kavanaugh vote instead? http 
@USER Boner hasn't lived in real world for 40 years.
@USER A candidate for governor that is friends with an individual that supports ANTIFA? trump maga syria israel alternative facts walk away walk away from democrats liberalism is a mental disease news kavanaugh sugar daddy needed for Democratic socialists taxpayers Working Families http
@USERS You say she is your kind of woman. Why do not you do that with the Quran? I would say then that you are my kind of woman.
@USER Her products cause dandruff? KC you are the one face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS The men senators should allow citizens to question the ACCUSER. The citizens should be women and conservatives who love America and fairness.
@USER it is SOP for conservatives defend every Republican fully no matter the seriousness of the charge or evidence. Demand every Democrat resign no matter what.
@USERS Actually, since you believe blindly when it is what you want to believe, you would've learned it is a free speech symbol due to social media platforms censoring conservatives. It shows who is being censored. You wouldn't know that or care. Bet if were being censored you would. 
@USER Serena not upset for losing. She is upset because Penalty given the her that men's tennis does same action but not penalized.
@USERS Running away from the truth yet again and using childish language. Provide a competent argument justifying br exit even is it is just to prove that you are not a Russian algorithm designed to disrupt Britain's society and economy.
va10 voters will not accept a Congresswoman who stands with the NRA as shooting after shooting devastates communities across the country. We need common sense gun safety laws and we need them now. http
@USER Cause if she got the shot she is clearly the MVP I've needed of course and there is no use fighting her.
@USER This is not the first time she has expressed this dismissive attitude toward public outcry against her votes. Those people will be a factor when they vote her ass out of office in 2 years. I think she is toast.
@USER And they say big tech isn't biased! Give me a break! Wake up people!
@USER I do not know who she is but she do not sound too hot in the video 
@USERS Oh my god you are joking right? 15 hours? Most officers and fire work 24 and sometimes back to back. 15 hours? Give me a break.
@USER do you recall what was said about moss when the patriots got him? do you even remember what he did in the few years before that? gordon isnt a hall of famer but name a 5th rounder as good as he is today.
@USERS These people in the MSM are DISGUSTING United States United States #MAGA
@USERS . United States thinking face I have been watching the committee hearings for Judge Kavanaugh. is using this particular session on birth control &amp Roe vs Wade as a window to gun control legislation. Her comments were very clear. I will not allow a politician deprive me of 2A
@USER Oh fuck this is me. I am a too much information queen on some things because it controls the conversation subtly but god help you if you comment in my habits or decisions I swear to god
@USER liberals got to crap all over everything.
@USERSDint pay any attention to her.she's yet to say anything of interest. meme jerk.
@USER There you are! waving hand paw prints 
@USERS The Liberals same old playbook. It is so old. yawn
@USERS Sorry Howie she is horrible. I have been to Vegas multiple times and know the people whom spend their hard earned money for a vacation aren't going to waste said money on a scrawny kid whom will scream them into a migraine! They come to Vegas to see REAL talent!#AGTResults agt
@USER All you do is lie. All congress does us lie. MAGA.
@USER She is soooo pretty!
@USER Never nigga skull skull 
@USER We are so glad we do not know anyone like those miscreant. Pitiful bunch.
@USER Well.he is now firmly part of the establishment.let's see how that goes for him.
@USERS Elon has been smoking too much dope and he apparently got a bad batch. Even I knew that vessel he sent would not work to rescue the thailand children quit.
@USERS Sure hope Maxi marches with Antifa. She will cover her head
@USERS Mazzone has convinced him he can play in the NFL if he does as he is told and acts like a good little pocket passer
@USER Of course he does! maga for everyone United States United States United States 
@USERS http The left party relativizing and playing down communist crimes
@USER it is not bizarre. it is smart business. He is going to get paid by someone next year and is saving his body in the process. Yes Connor did well. But it is because the Browns did not gameplan for him like they would Bell
@USERSI follow all these MAGA Patriots n got a couple new ones too United States United States United States United States United States red heart selector United States United States red heart selector ps tweeeeeetrrrr I do not like you hiding these n making it hard to see these trains to follw pouting face pouting face pouting face oncoming fist light skin tone oncoming fist light skin tone oncoming fist light skin tone http
@USER I sure hope they have removed him from where he is and are hiding and protecting him. He is chum in the water right now.
@USERS You are not God and you have no idea who he is. God does not say we cannot like people in fact I feel he sent us Trump in answer to our prayers
@USER did you just do the trump very fine people on both sides? Antifa punches Nazis. do not want to be punched? do not be nazis oh whaooaaaaa so crazy. OTOH Nazis are literally murdering folks and trying to bomb shit soooo yeah. you are just a right wing dupe. Sorry that is the case.
@USER HI ILYSM IT HAS BEEN SUCH A GREAT DAY
 REPORT Christine Blasey Ford 'prepared to testify' but there are some catches http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS He is a Russian troll. Look at the rest of his page.
@USERS I think she is trying to repair her image so she will be friendly to everyone. I hope they can all be friends. She needs to respect Fessy and Tyler's boundaries though now that their are dating other people.
@USERS She is attempting to emotionally manipulate Canadians Standard behaviour for the Trudeau Liberals .
@USER They embraced Antifa. Career killer.
@USERS Take a moment to realize Jimin is 22 and she is 39 years old. 17 year age difference. Breathe that in.
@USER that is is not what i was saying. read my other tweet to you. I never said that. you sir are putting words in my mouth! liberals really are just assholes. cannot have a civil discussion!
@USER I experience this very same problem. I like to think I am suffering from anti-pernickety bastard disorder.
@USER Need gun control to many
@USER We're super excited to have him! He is now on board for the had ex incursion
@USER This Jerry Lewis ripoff needs to just go away already. The guy is so good at acting like a fool because he is a fool.
@USERS She is so gorgeous face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss http
@USER FUCKOFF YOU BEEN KNEW I am SCARED OF HIM@
@USER maga thumbs up Let that set in . http
@USERSHe is cute smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USER He IS Mark Twain in my eyes. Love him.
@USERS He needs to be removed from his position. Children have and are being abused and he is covering it up!
@USERS Then there should be no problem having Kavanaugh take a lie detector test just as Dr. Ford. If he is so anxious to clear his name he should be asking to take a lie detector test. The fact that isn't blasting tweets on this issue also speaks volumes!
@USERS Nope. Teaching them not to give a shit what liberals from CA think.
@USER If he is implying that he is an agent of the Devil's will then I fully agree!
@USERS Isn't this from the Saul Alinsky book rules for radicals or favorite book Antifa Handbook
@USERS If just a veiled accusation can derail it will never stop resist antifa and fingerprints all over this
@USERS you are a sexy perverse woman smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes face savoring food face savoring food face savoring food winking face winking face smiling face with horns 
@USERS Gun control at its finest. If that cop had a gun he wouldn't have been vulnerable to this thug attack.
 @USER i think she and her team imagined it all and now she is a victim in hiding from her abuser . Kavanaugh and his family, friends ever imagined it, never. 
@USER There aren't many instances I've been in where you can just admire the woman's physique. If i spend too long looking at a woman's bits it all comes into question. Porn allows an up close personal experience for as long as I like with no challenges. except of course getting caught
@USERS He is mocking self-professed populists who claim to speak for the people when those who stand up for norms and rights are labelled latte drinking elitists 
 I am shocked that this gun addict is also an alleged pervert! http nra 2a molon la be gun sense moms demand maga wednesday wisdom
@USERS What has awaken so many women in this country is the asinine over the top stupidity of liberals today!
@USER I think I liked it better when Conservatives pretended that rape is bad. Now they are claiming Rape gets Better with Time?
@USERS Just think. this chap was teaching.
@USER Blowing dirt and the misery of millions?
@USERS Maybe Antifa can find gainful employment and join the american dream. http
@USER Beto I would love it if you could become a Texas senator. You need to support the 2nd amendment to get elected. Once you are in you effect change. You have my vote but I am not worried at all about losing my gun ownership. The gun control argument is Teds best fight
@USERS So What? We all have concerns on gun control but one man is not going to change our problem. It is much deeper than that.
@USER Gun control - no guns if you are a liberal! rolling on the floor laughing What an idiot.
 @USER religion of peace am I right fellow classical liberals? Izlam totes needs a Reformation 
redwaverising2018 A Texas gun control platform? Someone drank Koolaide in concentrate.?! http
@USER in the fake national emergency that was created by conservatives for their nwo bullshit
@USERS We need a marijuana lobby that can bribe the GOP like big pharma does. Otherwise, you are screwed. Just because it is good for America, that means nothing. see gun control 
@USERS I think his character rubbed off on my Knight. She is somewhat witty like him, such as when she says I do not need to see you when I can smell you to the Sith on Alderaan. He was a good Master. 
@USERS My favourite part of this is watching all the conservatives lose their minds as usual. Once again the Democrats are being mean to us boo-hoo. .
@USERS Learning English for Conservatives 
@USERS Ask your friends over at 
@USERS I had the good fortune of having her jump on a stickerwoman post a while back. She is a woman crying face She tried to tell me that stickerwoman was a hate crime against Muslims . thinking face 
@USERS Becca. She is too much work.
@USER Chris You are just stiring the pot and it is a political dig. How about Texas how were things handled there. PR was a totally different situation. How did you help?
@USERS . Me thinks you are TERRIFIED of Americans seeing the declassified docs! We conservatives like transparency which seems to be a dirty word to you dems. PS WE HAVE NO WORRIES ABOUT OUR GREAT PRESIDENT! declassify it all
- Had a nice visit with Mommie dearest. I really had to bribe her with Diet Pepsi to eat the rest of her dinner. face with tears of joy loudly crying face woman facepalming medium-dark skin tone She is something else! Love that lady.
@USER If you are considering leaving the Republican party PLEASE DO. We do not need anymore pretend Republicans interfering with Trump's awesome agenda. Sounds like you need to just resign.
President Trump to Hold MAGA Rally in Missouri This Week http donald trump donald trump rallies featured springfield http
@USERS But here is an easy chance to prove me wrong. Show me one instance where increased gun control in this country caused a decrease in crime with guns.
@USERS She now THINKS she is a political activist the same way she THINKS she can act
@USER She is quick!
@USER No one is open! You think he is sitting there waiting to get hit . The pick that was called back Kyle said the one of the receiver ran the wrong route again! A route that was need to pick Matt open! man facepalming medium skin tone 49ers need to get their head out of their asses
@USERS So we should be denouncing Democrats &amp their ANTIFA Thugs? Done &amp Done!
@USERS This has already been rejected as you well know. This is another time wasting exercise 
@USERS Gun control is hitting the target where you intended to hit it. Since Democrats want to infringe on everyone else's gun rights. I am ok with just banning them from Dems. http
@USERS I saw that but i do not think that is a tattoo. It looks like that fuckin fashion fabric string or some shit. I do not know. Might not me but that ass looks exactly like hers 
@USERS Just Chicago so they can stop the gun violence. Seems that is what democrats claim will stop it. Show us in one of the worst gun violence cities controlled by democrats so the nations will see how that works. Make it a model of successful gun control policies.
HYSTERICAL! maga kag vote red walk away http
@USER You are a wonderful asset and a great influence!
@USER This reminds me of conservatives wanting to know if Monica was on her back or her knees. Is it really needed to decide these guys are sleeze bags?
@USER American liberals will eat their own young to maintain power. Everyone is a racist a rapist a fascist keep everyone addicted to social programs do not teach them to fend keep them addicted to Government do not let them think for themselves dems will keep black n Hispanics chained
@USER Judge Roy Moore will masterbate to this story. maga
4A Texas Medical Board engaging in warrantless searches of doctor's offices in 'back-door gun control' effort http
@USERS More Jewish theatrics from Google 
@USER Calling b s
@USER Ok guys I think her claims are b.s. too but if you start threatening her you are no better than Antifa
@USERS I do not live in the US so maybe that is one reason why i do not know who she is skull 
@USER 1st of all who trust the FBI to do a polygraph?I do not! She can pass it if she's a habitual liar.They have no fear or caring about what or who they lie about. She's probably a closet ANTIFA member.Insane to wait 30 yrs.If true others could have been hurt because of her complancey. face with symbols on mouth 
@USER 100% he is the Messi of goalkeeping GOAT
@USER Hello. the problem with more gun control is the only people that guns are being taken away from or 'controlled' as you say are people like me who has the legal right to carry a gun. So before you continue to scream gun control. look at who it would affect.
@USER He is short and felt I should bow down at the mention of engineer. expressionless face unamused face 
@USER And Twitter seems to be beholden to CNN
@USERS There's actually republican cities that have higher crime rate than Chicago http
@USERS . You are not arguing againstbthe system I want, and I am not arguing in favor of the system you describe. That is like you arguing for the principles of anarchy, and me constantly saying oh yeah, well, Hillary was a corrupt politician Irrelevant. Factual, but irrelevant 
@USER As well he should! These people are the DREGS OF SOCIETY - NOT THE PRESIDENT'S SUPPORTERS! At least we did not try to stage a coup d'etat! q an ons great awakening worldwide joe biden maga
@USER just say in what the majority is thinking. More fake outrage &amp lies from the lunatic left Never seen so many sore losers throwing temper-tantrums for almost 2 years now. Embarrassing! maga http
@USER Beto-male
@USER As a member of antifa? 
@USERS Yup! She will destroy hard working people and small businesses. She is evil with a pretty face and people are falling for it.
@USERS The kid he scored on looks like he is about to drop outta school now. Somebody check on him
@USERS Same rat that said antifa was a Black organization
@USERS . is her own person. She is not a copycat. nv sen http
@USERS So tell me all about why you are simply rudeand racist. Was it your mother ?
 I want him to rest 4ever He is such a sleepy baby http
@USERS people do not seem to know about these organizations or understand their scheme. it is anti-freedom tuition fees and Antifa piggy banks. Need more people to denounce it and make students aware of it so they can vote to stop funding them.
@USER Do we get to choose which women go first?
@USER Deluded until he is walked off.
@USER polls pls
@USER he is an NBA plant!
 99.9% of the Alumni standing up for christine blase y kavanaugh did not even know her.and none are witnesses to her stories. DemocRATS &amp Liberals are just to destroy America. confirm kavanaugh now
loomer Rachel Rollins a Dem running for DA in Boston. She plans to decriminalize what she calls petty crimes e.g. breaking and entering she is running in a crowded field &amp is being hailed by the media as the best candidate. Thanks for doing what conservatives refuse to do! http
@USER Yes that and ANTIFA.
@USER The NRA is now intimidated by a British cartoon. They should stay out of European animation ethics unless they want all of Europe weighing in on gun control.
@USERS I am sure he is doing that in his organization. Also respect is a two way street. Law enforcement job is to protect and SERVE its citizens. It like they miss that part .
@USER Cali already has some of the most strict gun control laws in the county. And you cannot blame this on on Indiana.
@USERS Nobody will kill or beat her! Cheap tectics to become popular LGBT Tikoo. She can follow SUNNY LEONE also she is popular not only in India but world sleeping face Best of Luck and hope to see both of ur videos together Sri Krisna will definetly make ur next video popular. Have fun folded hands 
@USERS We all know death threat are a Resist or Antifa tactic.
@USER Double down on rating. Bet NCAA loves this.
@USERS He is delusional.
@USER Wayne say he trying out do drake so this shit gotta be decent at least!
@USERSGot you Joseph always happy to follow like minded Patriots grinning face but pls follow back!
@USER Another Snow Flake melting down. http
@USERS Mr. Woods.Please help if you will. has published an ANTIFA target list on his Twitter Account with names of high profile and other Trump supporters. I have reported this to Twitter. They have NOT suspended his account.
@USER What she is proven? Lies?
Mark Judge does not want to lie for KAVANAUGH. maga @USER http
@USER The real antifa
 Repeat After Me I will NOT listen to the polls I will NOT get discouraged, even if I am in a blue state I will vote Republican on Tuesday, November 6th, 2018 i pledge to vote maga red to blue
@USERSProud to follow all. Thanks for the follow-back!
@USERSGreat girl and I am sure there are more of them. In the Democratic Party. She is a real prize
@USER could fund an entire school incl teachers' salaries and have then teach his own curriculum. Indoctrinating generations of youth however he sees fit.my gas tank on E rn
@USERS Antifa. that is who. It works both ways.be careful.
@USERS I do not know who she is skull skull skull 
@USER Socialism and more gun control NO THANKS!
@USER Fluctuat Nec Mergitur - Latin for she is tossed by the waves but she does not sink - also the city motto of Paris.
@USER And how is the investigation against your son the antifa Terrorist going
@USER I am responding with a fact. You are totally unfamiliar with how Harper Government incentives and it is laughable that you are saying that. You know what you can have your check mate. I give it to you.
@USERS Do you know who else is BETTER OFF under the tax policies? See chart Morneau Shepell stock vs tsx over the last three years since Bill came to power. ONLY an 80% bump over 3 years. liberals friends and family ethics cdn poli http
@USER Can we all agree to pray for big dumb mike to keel over of a heart attack. he looks ripe.
@USERS No way this woman was threatened and had to move out of her house because of conservatives or Republicans
@USERS Hillary? Why is she on the social studies curriculum? Why? Who is she to be in any curriculum? She is nothing! I am shocked that she was in any curriculum, but I am very happy to see that she is OUT! I am so glad she's nowhere near the 
@USERS You are the In educated twat! That speed crap and cannot read obviously face with thermometer !
@USER Shut up man You are useless
@USERS trudeau and the liberals have the ability to stop it but choose not to as it serves their agenda of turning Canada into a third world cess pool. A Socialist's dream. cdn poli
.@USER 15 minutes ago vs. Liberals just minutes later. cdn poli http
-found out there's more gun control you cannot do mass murder in schools or theatres on Oct 21 has anyone done this joke yet
labour councillor shouting Nazi Scum . At victims of grooming gangs and this is going to get worse under jeremy corbyn s socialist britain muslims islam leftists maga mega mcga mega patriots conservatives http
@USERS You really have to let it go. he is going to get confirmed. You can continue to kill babies and gun violence will continue despite gun control.
@USERS Liberals do not believe in facts just feelings
@USERS My guess is 44 got it from those 100's of $bil of money he stole from fannie mae that sat off balance as a slush fund in see fannie gate http thursday thoughts release the texts no redactions obama gate obama knew drain the deep state maga http
--------&gt The American Revolution would never have happened with gun control. us constitution
@USERS And you are just another Twitter asshole. muted
@USERS She does not support stand you ground or arming teachers. Gun control. Idaho believes in gun rights. Zero chance.
@USER You are love smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS people become racists because of all this racism-bullshit !
@USER Brilliant journalistic commentary here
@USERS These liberals have no problem lying.
@USER Why are you bothering me
@USERS Was he trying to fool you?
@USER Are you and your family okay? Not sure how close you are to everything.
@USER Oh you are very welcome.
Another fucking Pittsburgh Nazi. Philly Antifa is naming names and it is glorious. http
@USER Hogg does not have a clue about life .
 @USER So funny, this was labeled as sensitive media ! Yet, people post porn on Twitter all the time. Unfiltered 
@USER Ain uor kkkkk
@USERS Live in Canada. Already have great gun control plus a low homicide rate coincidence? Thanks for the advice though.
@USER melbourne did not like me can I join you instead I even have a flag rimmy4antifa http
@USERS And if the Resistance wins Permanent K-college indoctrination and censorship likewise social media, H'wood and MSM open-season' on Trumpists by AntiFa-types. Exponential growth of DSA which we're only now hearing about in Government't. And evisceration of BoR, esp. 1A and 2A 
@USER He'd shat his pants if he faced any Antifa
@USER Thank you Sir i am a R.E developer in Boston the market is on FIRE God Bless and we are ALL behind you maga
@USER yep i was chatting to them about the clubs i wanted to join at university and they said i should join antifa as it was something they did as kids
@USERS he is a crook trump time http
 #wisdomwednesday - Forgiveness says you are given another chance for a new beginning . @USER Pray with forgiveness in your heart and you can guarantee an answer to http 
@USERS And so is the duster thank god
 @USER Gun control measures? As in Fast and Furious , where you directed FFL dealers to violate the law and allow straw purchases? Where you knowingly allowed firearms to be sold to criminal organizations? 
@USER I remember how much we were making fun of conservatives in the 90s for thinking that puppets were gay. Now people are upset because they're not gay. PBS needs to put on a documentary teaching people how puppets are made.
@USERSTy. You are welcome. maga
@USER Good idea. They need to protect our borders more than they need to be overseas.
@USERS What? I have no clue what you are trying to say. I am certainly no Trump supporter FFS. Just rational face with tears of joy Keep on keeping on with whatever it is you are trying to achieve.
@USER Man I hope I do not die before Florence hits. I heard he is going to be a great time!
@USERS I have. Its horse dung. She cannot remember when and where. It comes out at the last second. Her parents lost a foreclosure case where his Mom was the judge she is a hardcore anti Trump liberal the me too is turning into BLM ANTIFA and there is 0 due process
@USER What's shocked me is that they consider themselves seculars ! Liberals ! Those kind of yoga vegan freaks ! But when it is about occupation they shift to something els ! http
@USER Have you reported that the killer of Mollie Tibet's will receive reward money? Did you report this?
@USERS I do not know. Antifa is pretty dumb.
@USER mad because you are hot as fuck and they cannot have you loudly crying face red heart selector 
@USER A positive note!
@USER She do not never have on pants and she is forever throwing up the people's eyebrow with her pinched nose ass. http
@USER The only thing this is going to do is make the me too movement even more of a joke than it already has become. I do not think anyone is falling for this BS except for maybe Antifa.
@USERS wish Guy Opperman would knockmy door! 1950's or 1960's infact everyone LOOKOUT this 'Guy' will tellU you Hv to work till nearly 70 you do not it is a LIE just did not ring fence our NIC's for last 24yrs! 271bill! If today YP worked as long as 1950's they wld be 76SPA! Read battle bus http
@USER He looks sane
@USER conservatives republicans are traitors to america
 @USER Entire audience Yeah, that is solid reporting. . 
@USER you are not the true Columbia Bugle. Gfy
@USERS There is no reason. The bravest people politically in our society are black conservative. They are seeing the cities that have the worst quality of life for black Americans have generationally been ran by liberals with promises but no improvements.
@USER He was almost.ALMOST as bad as Obama!
@USER Maybe we need more gun control after all - liberals should not be allowed to possess them!
@USERS you took a sip of your trusty vault 13 canteen
@USERS Think about - Trumper supporters have to hide their support for Trump and or or take the life into their own hands if they go out w or Trump maga hat on-it never was like this in the America I remember. We could have our own political beliefs but still be civil &amp cordial! Upsetting
@USER he is an actor and a comedian not a political leader
@USER Could you kiss his ass more? You are a complete disgrace as a Senator vote him out vote blue vote them out blackmail http
@USERS I banned him personally a long time ago. But it isn't breaking the law when I do it.
@USERS uses rehab as a place to escape when she's in trouble. She makes jokes of her situation. She should be in jail for assaulting a police officer and threatening to kill him. She is classless. She should leave with boring Carole.
@USER Never had any intentions of showing up. Only intended to delay and testify by way of DNC hit woman lawyer and media. Time to vote on Kavanaugh and any Republican not confirming as Justice should be remembered by all conservatives at the polls.
@USER Get used to it. that is what he says.
@USERS One of the best maga men on Twatter. Good heart to heart. Hey Jack. http
@USER EXACTLY! Nice smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USERS So says the man who's turning California into a third world country.
@USER Football is an all American sport that brings families and communities together. It also celebrates masculinity. It seems these things are under attack today.
@USER Do you think she is afraid of pigs that are not the same colour as her? smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USER I've been following this doll since 06 and he is a STAR. I love you smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USER This girl lied about her upbringing and every time she opens her mouth it shows how foolish she is. Yet she is still a superstar for the left
@USERS If the NDP were to get 26% then would win because the gains by both the NDP and PCs are directly from the Liberals. However I doubt the NDP get over 20%. I had Ches at the start but he performed really bad in the debates but then again there is a lot of ?s about 1 or 
@USER You must be on your 2nd bottle of vodka if you are going to say the reps are radicalized! See antifa or blm or feminazis or abolish ICE or msm or anyone else doing your dirty work!
@USER She is laughing while she looks at up
@USERS Clegg worked for The Tories in Europe. He was the ideal Cameron bedfellow.
@USER So as per new promo it will be Maulis journey so you are making her as a shield because she is the saving grace left the leads less said better
@USERS He is going to get crushed
100% TRUE! and she is stupid as well! http
@USER This game is completely won and lost in the midfield. We need the defensive pressure high!
@USERS . rates claim that the SAFE Act is the nation's toughest gun control law mostly false. http 
@USERS I thought liberals were snowflakes
@USERS Doomsday for NFL
@USER Hopefully he is a Titan sooner than later 
@USER You are an asshole!
@USERS I will admit she hasn't charted and I blame that on the fact that she is an artist she does things her own way and sometimes not following the trends or staying in a mold will cause you to fall out of the relevant spotlight 
@USER I think that some might be wearing nasks and carruing Antifa flags
@USERS How much you are paying for patrol. ? Do you think it is because of naheru or Zina. Indira. ?
@USERS Liberals get the best of both worlds a new slave class that will need their Government programs and that will turn And vote for them. Most importantly they get to feel good about themselves
@USER The guy is not even a white Romanian he is a gypsy!
@USERSmine I tell him if you act like antifa I will knock your block.you wanna get bad.i do not care how handicap I will take you down
@USER No better or worse than your darling brat Antifa bashing people's head in. Love to see the mug shots. They look like meth heads.
@USER Flake is a perfect name for this weirdo!
@USER A disgrace
@USER He IS in!
@USER also shitbiscuit stole most of the Tempe girls you cannot blame that on me.
@USER Corrupt PR Government and others are where you look and you know it Gutierrez.
@USERS in every conner because anti pakistani will not able to attack on our future generation rights
@USER So much ass tho
@USER Bono mocks nationalists during his concert in the last free part of Paris.
@USER Darcy equals to Dorsey? I am not sure why anyone was expecting a balanced platform when the owner is a satanist.
@USERS So then why was it cool for all the other candidates to discuss issues with Russia over multiple decades?
@USER Packing briefcase sunglasses woman's boot for TX cowboy hat face thumbs up medium-light skin tone soccer ball heart suit selector - hope you are well hugging face almost cousins
@USERSWe already established that in the war you are still living. that is why it isnt happening again
 @USER My feelings exactly. I was watching a video of an ANTIFA rally . They were fighting with and cursing at the police. At one point they began fighting with counterprotesters and one was injured. His cohorts immediately began screaming for someone to call 911. Really? 
@USER Bernie up to his lying face . You are not telling the WHOLE TRUTH. walk away from democrats now
@USER Its still not being updated . Scrapers will get less and less until none are left
@USER You are the besth
@USERS I am not excusing his actions but the counter protesters had no right to block the streets They are partly to blame as well 2 wrongs do not make a right just like antifa going around physically assaulting people and using weapons to hurt people But your k with one side doing it
@USER He just declassified FISA court info on Carter Page. He is a danger to United States security. Loose lips sink ships is his motto
@USERS alec we been knew you are problematic just get over it
@USERS PHOOEY! It wasn't about stepping forward it was about helping wield a crude sharp axe on the UK's poor and vulnerable. He is a total hypocrite and fraud in a stupid affected style hat. 
@USERS The only thing the principled conservatives are outraged about is the clear moral and intellectual need for diversity and inclusion of all people of all faiths. 
@USER Diversity equals to Success? 
@USERS Ask she is there now!
@USERS Thanks Chris you are very helpful.
@USER Here's a link to my channel with a plethora of topics to peruse http
@USER Good. We can only hope. Keep talking.
@USER What's your point. You are so clearly ignorant about the nature of sexual assault
@USERS You mean Antifa ?
@USER Do you also wanna do some photography over the weekend? I am bringing my camera gear!
@USER His fruits comes not only from his mouth he is a liar and a deceiver. He is definitely NOT a Catholic he likes to re-form the Church to his own image.
 @USER The touch makes him stiffen, hips pressing into that touch. I am not a fair maiden to win and carry home, Barnes. I or bite or . And yet, he is merely holding on, no longer unaccustomed to such man handling. 
.@USER Please commit to a people's vote on Brexit. The Conservatives have made a pig's ear of it.
Louisiana Attorney General Jeff Landry encourages Attorney General jeff sessions to break up big tech companies like google and facebook Nothing is going to happen until we get a new AG in November! @USER maga http
@USER Was there any specific comment that brought up this point recently? And yes you are speakin da troof
@USERGood day Sir. How are you doing? How is your family doing? I have always wanted to reach out to you to say that you are a perfect gentleman. I am glad you have ignored most of the mud slinging targeted at your person by the presidency.
@USERSHe did not waste a moment spinning gun control.
@USER Well iWas cool my girl do not like shit popping out at her so it scared her a little when shit popped out
@USERS He is pretty good!
@USERS I hope you are voting for on Thursday.
@USER The tweets show how demented liberals have become. They have zero credibility
@USER Does one bring the other? sex war See Penthouse magazine in the 1980's. Sex followed by guns.
@USERS I love your spirit and taking a stand for our great country. I wish these liberals go to a Socialist country
 @USER You act like that won't be fun for both of us. She contemplates getting down, he is been gone for a few minutes and she's just standing on a chair like a weirdo. Just as she is about to get down she sees him walk through the door. Technically I only thought about it. 
@USER He is too lazy. Just slouches over and waits for the defender to come to him. Bum
@USERS I know how you feel Stormy Daniels because I used to be a dancer and a go-go girl I have had 10 years under my belt and I know people like that pay under the table or be a hush money so you are not lying about what you doing people make excuses and they do not own up what they do
@USERS My old ass was here http
@USER Boycott the NFL
@USER We do not need to talk about gun control we need to talk about criminal control.
@USER Chances are if you say hey no need to call her a whore you'll get called a libtard and blocked. but more Conservatives need to stand up and call out vile behavior. Difference between telling someone they cannot say something and what was said was wrong.
@USER Wait until he is on your coaching staff and you will change your mind.
 @USER for your information, the Radicalism is ALL ON THE LEFT! You SOB's started with Occupy Wall street, when that failed, you got BLM started, and THAT FAILED so you put together ANTIFA. We KNOW what you have done. you WILL go to GITMO. 
@USER High class Vogue!
@USER Yes .shit just move with the wind face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy she just keep blessing us weary face weary face weary face weary face red heart selector man shrugging medium-light skin tone woman facepalming selector 
@USER She do not even wear the shit I buy her now. Move away from me.
@USERS Chequers delivers Brexit changes the relationship with the EU . It does not deliver leave the European Union referendum question. I think we should stop using the word Brexit to mean leave, and actually say leave the EU . Brexit meaning willfully mutated by remainers. 
@USERS Has the FBI interviewed Kaine about his son's ties to Antifa?
EVERYONE HAS TO VOTE RED SO WE do not LOSE THE HOUSE IN THE MIDTERMS United States IF WE LOSE THE HOUSE it is ALL OVER! THE MAGA MOVEMENT WILL BE FINISHED! MAKE SURE EVERYONE YOU KNOW IS REGISTERED TO VOTE RED! GET OUT AND VOTE RED! MAGA! KAG! walk away from democrats http
@USER Would that make him the equivalent of the Antifa March that started the violence there in the first place?
@USER Legally you need to take 15 min break every 2 hours and a lunch after 4 if you stream for more than 5 hours if you stream for more than 10 hours you are required to take a second lunch before the 10th hour
@USERS Tell us Blue. While NPR knows this kid with zero experience was railroaded by that shit Mueller with the help of an actual CIA spy Halper.
@USERS Beware of rightist false flags like the narrative of the OK sign being a white nationalist dog whistle. it is not. the resistance resist bash the fash antifa smash fascism http
@USERS You go Mike and by the way Sarah she is the best lair . http
@USER She does not want to go to jail for lying to a Senate Committee. She has had no crime committed on her &amp is a leftest activist trying to stall his confirmation. A nutty Professor that I believe is a closet ANTIFA member pd by Soros.
@USERS What's your point here? I am a TX voter and I wholeheartedly support gun control. There were 0 school shootings in my childhood. I think it is because civilians couldn't easily get their hands on military grade weapons. Our laws need to change
@USER Thanks to all the bleeding heart liberals who would rather pay for illegal immigrants then people who are battling cancer.
@USERS He was a drunk driver that wrecked and injured a person then fled the scene of the crime! Hit and run. should fit right in with leftists socialists antifa democrats!
@USER Bullshit.
@USERS Sorry and yes you are very wrong as most people who do not read the science behind the generation and subsidies are. My page is a good place to start but reading 10-20 books on the subject will get you some excellent schooling. Very complex.
 @USER Evidently they do not care that their study is flawed from the start. They just parrot the misleading info from Everytown &amp all the other leftist gun control addicts or sites. 
@USERS Spotty gun control and no internal borders is my point. Every gun sale in Cali has to go through a FFL. it is illegal to buy them out of state. it is illegal for gang members in Chicago to get guns out of state. As far as a nationwide ban how's that drug war working out for you?
@USER WHAT THE FUCK you are SO GORGEOUS I am ACTUALLY SOBBING
@USERS Love you Norm!
qanda look at who Twitter and Facebook are currently banning - all conservatives.
@USER And Democrats actually commit acts of violence a la antifa
@USERS . was first Trustee to join to lead the charge since 2015 to divest from fossil fuels. She is a true accomplished progressive who actually gets results. Vote Letitia James for NY AG tomorrow Democratic primary Sept 13th http
@USER One could say that she is the one coward. She could probably end this charade but continues to sabotage our country with her silence. Plus she's a sad over facelifted former soft porn model.
@USERS He is our president and I am of him
@USER he is a DA. Someone educate him he is in the South now
@USERS Whatever the rights and wrongs she HAS talked about it and written about it publicly so if she hadn't sought or received help what are the people around her doing allowing her on such programmes as CBB &amp LW? I think SHE has the final say and likes the large sums she is offered!
@USER If the tournament of shit ain't on here. http
@USER There must be a cash prize or something for whoever comes up with the first conservatives pounce take.
 buying more Levi's http
@USERS Her links to Planned Parenthood which is the reason why liberals do not want a conservative judge.
@USERS He is a sexual being face savoring food 
. @USER is pledging more than $1 million to support nonprofits and youth activists working to end gun violence. They're also partnering with Michael Bloomberg to help create a coalition of business leaders who support gun control measures. http
@USERS He is crap tho
@USER Disgusting Liberals have no shame!
@USERS The holy spirit is given when you are saved
@USERS . joined the show to talk about how she is leading the fight against breast cancer at Listen to the full interview http
@USERS Simon said he hope Garth writes Ketterer a song - knowing his guy needs outside help 2 get the votes - by the way I do not think Garth is going 2 do that I saw him in a video say as much. Kettterer &amp other acts r battling for 2nd Courtney is an unstoppable force - She is a Hurricane!
@USERS She is still on there for now.
@USER I am only there for the meltdown http
@USERS Is he crazy? Where is SS detail. How are they making sure some crazy liberal with a gun does not show up?
YES! @USER Where We Go One We Go All flexed biceps light skin tone flexed biceps light skin tone flexed biceps light skin tone wwg1wga the great awakening maga god bless america god bless humanity
@USER And let's not forget that the democrats were the ones who wanted to keep slavery alive
@USERS . Maybe Kavanaugh should withdraw, spare country tinderbox hearing ttt http What are you afraid of ? He is going to be on the court and the GOP is going to expand their majorities. You are pissing on a red ant hill 
@USER Yeah sucks honestly but I plan on coming back on variety rather than fortnite and if the opportunities are nice to start esport on another game but I can approve that fortnite esport is over for me.
@USER rose. you are so good. id kill for you without hesitation i love you
@USERS me too.he is a genius
@USER Well that is because Roy Moore was no longer an issue for the Dems or the so called Women's Rights Liberals.
@USER A black hobag
@USER He is so takendted what the heck
@USERS I am gunna fucking die oh my god
@USERS She is at home making a quick meal for herself in the off chance that and have already eaten 
@USER you are welcome and I do mean it. You are super cute
@USERS Twitter will be banning a lot more conservatives or anyone that speaks out about the Dems or Liberals. Closer to the elections
@USER do not dignify her stupidity by posting her comments!
@USER He is an evil godless man.
@USERS Except the 'consumers' people do not want the NHS privatised they want it in public hands because it is an essential public service and not a capitalist market. Do you think everyone in this country is stupid?
@USER This shit gon keep me in the crib fuck it
@USERS So do you think she is a Christian?
.@USER is no champion for women. http
@USERS that is a people Chicago hell gun control works in their town
@USER Good she is a Crook too pile of poo expressionless face 
@USERS Good luck . not
@USER Liberals are kind bad slow at this or they just stalling.
Actually antifa makes you want to kick them right in the teeth http
 #dtmag http Gabby Giffords' Gun Control Group Targeting Pro-2A Districts With Statue Of Child Cowering Under School Desk 
@USERS Liberals makes America Sicker
@USER Well that is why BB wins Super it is and you are an overhyped media mouth piece imbecild
@USER Desirable? Give me a woman over 30 anytime over a girl in her 20s anyday. To much to teach them and you cannot relate on a higher level. You are beautiful and any man would be lucky to have you.
@USER Antifa is a terrorist organization
@USERS WE THE people DEMAND AN INVESTIGATION OF keith ellison! maga http
@USERS Also. These antifa and from hence shall be referred to as anqueefa by mesel. They pretty much all live with Mommy. In the basement which is why they wear masks. Then mommy cannot ground them 
@USER And the most insignificant comment comes from a Miss America contestant.
@USER you are very generous. &lt 3
Along with Occupy Wall St and ANTIFA http
@USER And there I was thinking I couldn't like you any more than I already did. Brilliant. grinning face red heart selector syringe red heart selector grinning face 
@USERS She does not remember her clothes or his clothes or the house or how she got there or what songs they were playing or what exact date. This is nothing but weaponizing me too with false accusations for ulterior motives. But if Fiberals can defend antifa terrorists this is nothing.
@USER Love it! he is giving you a heads up that he is the most important living creature in a 10 mile radius ! paw prints rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS Awwh thank alooot Bhabi you are so sweet love you smiling face with heart-eyes face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss 
@USER But he is right.the deaths caused by the hurricane was vastly overrated. I googled it.
 @USER i bet he is sayin wat his daddy says most. do not start me baby face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS Haven't watched it in years. no nfl zone home q a non maga
@USERS Wait what? The conservatives actually showed a little sign of respect? that is a first.
@USERS Democrats only care about this crap when it furthers their mission To destroy conservatives.
@USERS Conservatives Always dying on the wrong hill.
@USER You bet it has. England is doomed. Liberals everywhere are destroying our lives by collaborating with Muslims. The Royal Family bloodline mixes with Muslims going way back. Do you think this is an accident? Read this http
@USERS If you are being led by the spirit why did not you 10 deliver him from that spirit?
@USER he needs shielding from his nana too.
@USER No gun control people can ever explain the logic of any gun law or any weapon restriction. Always just blanket statements for the sheep to follow 2a cruz crew tx florida vote red to save texas vote red to save florida
@USER Heck yeah. And also she IS cool
@USERS middle class voted &amp continue to support our that you demoralize daily because we do not like direction our country has been heading. It continues when you take a BLIND EYE to hate &amp violence spewed from ANTIFA &amp illegals who disregard our laws.
@USER God save us from that catastrophe
@USERS She is the CEO of ATMOS research &amp consulting She profits by spreading gloom &amp telling cities how they can combat climate change Snake oil salesmen are cheaper on taxpayers http
@USERS How many car windows did you smash today while wearing a pussy hat? You anti-American antifa fucktards are a pathetic waste of life. We will slap you down at the ballot box once again. http
@USER That shit weird! 
@USER Omfg yassssss! smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS I am no one special or affiliated with they're just my favorite team I believe it was personal &amp financial here is my take he obviously had some issues with management &amp had to set a presedent &amp at the rate he is going he is going to command big $$$$$
@USER that is because there are very few conservatives in Congress. They only run as conservatives. They govern as liberals.
@USERS disgusting. These people will take over this country one day and then all the lefties and liberals will be very upset when they are forced to wear a burka. Imagine face with tears of joy . The worst mistake EVER was letting these people in so freely. They do not appreciate it.
@USERS We are here for Q and the Revolution. Do not allow the shiny objects to divide. Take a step back and look at all of it from that way. maga we the people
@USER Natalie the youngest gets her dreams of being a football coach ruined when she is constantly compared to her older brother Chris who has made that his career. She invents Mr Doubtfire as Chris' long lost brother from Scotland &amp wins the job &amp in life. The end.
@USERS She is getting death threats. http
@USER The biggest difference to me between the Conservative's overall agenda and the Liberal's What Cons do makes me feel scared and depressed about others and the future. What Liberals do makes me feel happy and confident we're on the right track. Neither is perfect but one is best.
@USER you are welcome to join us in our Slack room for the community gardening. http
@USERS He looks like a Antifa dude. Dude.
@USER Thank you for the updates.you are doing an excellent job
@USER You are cum
@USER GOOD!
@USER All you need to know about the importance of the midterms
@USER This kind of meme just drives me further away from the Conservatives. My mother and father are rolling in their proverbial.you know. They would be disappointed in the lowness of it all.
@USERS ANTIFA are not Liberal!We do not agree with anything they Do!look up their history.but also look up David Duke. We also do not believe open borders. does not mean you have to be a Racist.&amp loose your empathy or morals. I personally have no problem discussing topics.
@USER Antisemitism is alive and well in the UK!
@USER Liberals are not very smart
@USER I hope he traded this winter as he is the worst defensive catcher I've ever seen itsnot even funny anymore as 14 passed balls in only 71 games? Wow. that is nuts
@USERS If Trump supported Nazis then why would ANTIFA a communist group want to harm Trump. thinking face that is right the communist group is made up of the Democratic party.
20180917 Don Pittis CBC Is the people's Party of Canada liberal? It depends on the definition http
@USER No and they're expensive ass hell
@USER Dishonored zone where you have to balance on dangerously high edges in a shitty ghetto overrun with rats and bloodflies
@USER I think gun control and progressive tax rates are unjust. Can i ignore them?
@USERS they aren't.
@USERS How did Britain end up upside down in the ditch with all four wheels spinning lazily in the air? How could it not, with the rabid wealth thirsty drunk on power, at the wheel? british tory car crash tories out
@USER A special kind of antifa when he learns the correct spelling of tomorrow ! ffs proper shitting myself now face screaming in fear 
@USER Something went down she is hiding.
@USERS westminster tories br exit e ers out of the eu We think not anna sourpuss angry face Best for the uk United Kingdom without a doubt is to leave with no eu deal &amp just get on forging globe showing Europe-Africa trade deals &amp say to the eu fuck eu flexed biceps 
@USERS Apparently they did not learn from gun control.
@USER Could be Romford Young Conservatives!
@USERS Who ever supported this guy? You know they can never be trusted.
@USERS He should be in potters field by now
@USER you fuckass
4 Dead In Mass Shooting At Fifth Third Bank Building In Downtown Cincinnati TIME - TIME http via @USER WANT GUN CONTROL LEGISLATION? VOTE BLUE
@USER ANTIFA seems to taking a vacation too. But watch out after the election. I'd like to think they've all gone back to school.
@USERS I am not watching it ever again. Soccer anyone? That damn soccer game in TN looked like a winner to me. USA beat Mexico 1-0. Over 40k attended. I think Soccer can overcome football in the future.
@USERS I blocked I do not want Conservatives here this is a safe place for all resisters
@USER Then resign. You have done NOTHING to check El Presidente. You are part of the swamp and hold NO Nebraska values! RESIGN
 @USER It was a change election and exit polls were not kind to Doug Ford, so I cannot quite agree. I believe the NDP is making a case as a strong opposition party, allaying fears about potential governance, and so much of what may happen in 2022 hinges on how Liberals reorganize. 
@USER Dam Lorna you are So So Sexy! Mmmmmm Gorgeous n Edible!
 @USER She is not decent anywhere and most people who respect her have no idea what she stands for. 
@USERS there is a culture in greek life but I think alot of that comes from presentation in film. once we are away from our parents people are more free thinking some I agree with some not. you really think every frat is maga crazy
@USER Fake news he is a liberal dem.
@USER Leftist Californian antifa professors never lie about republicans. Snark!
@USERS No kidding and I do not support that. Still does not cancel out the many violent protests by antifa. The money and support has been traced to George Soros and he is a big player within the democrat party
@USER you are a traitor http
@USERS Oh yeah another cracking offering from face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing http
@USER THINK PROBELY I THINK SHE IS GETTING SOMETHING OUT OF IT .MAYBE MONEY
@USERS that is how immature she is not to mention no class at all O! Not even a dime
@USER When you are playing inside you do not get beat inside. I agree not a major mistake. I am glad you found it because I was questioning my mind again.
@USERS Andy, you literally went on vacation right after making that pressing announcement. you are a joke and this is why real conservatives are turning to Bernier 
@USERS Maybe the Trumpies will call for Gun Control after this.
@USER The me too movement has turned out just the way black lives matter and Antifa turned out. Started out as a worthy cause and then ruined by a bunch of bandwagonists. More harm than good.
@USERSYes we do. I've been campaigning for this for years
@USER No they are seeing how liberals are sleazballs and they are walking away
@USERS Yep. Here she is defying us to take another picture. http
@USER That one sucks because he is so hit or miss
@USER DEMOCRATS HAVE ORDER THIS MANGINA TO SHUT UP HE IS NOT LISTENING JUST KEEPS ON GOING ON AND ON IN HIS LITTLE MIND HE IS LOYAL TO UNCLE SOROS HIS SISTER MARRIED INTO THE FAMILY http
@USER Yoongi you are the father! face with tears of joy http
@USER Flat out clown.bottom Line is that you are out and America is back! you were a sellout to the country .look in the mirror who's the 8 year old.
@USER OH MY GOD
@USER Figures. He is a douche and would do this.
@USERS He is such a showman! And those pipes smiling face with heart-eyes the man can SING
@USERS How am I villifying him? He literally did have a 2 hour rant about imaginary bolsheviks and how women should just stop complaining. If you think that is no true wrong , then well, I got news for you buddy it means you are as shitty as he is. 
@USER A beast? She is certainly not attracted nor amused to do it with one. 0 or 10
@USERS We could help if you are London based smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USER remember when antifa was respectable and intimidating? me neither 
@USER Hey Serena. do not do me any favors. Women can take care of themselves. Just hit your tennis balls and take care of your family.
6 people shot and killed in Bakersfield and the liberals want to tweet about Gun Control. Chicago calls 6 people shot and killed a lunch break yet nobody tweets a word. You cannot have it both ways. Legal guns ownership vs illegal gun ownership. What's the real solution?
Still canny get er somecunt in maga telling us no to go into bananas because French boys were spiking folks drinks &amp kerr turns round n shouts fuck it free dunt face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS Revkin spreading IMPORTANT news. Andy sees himself as an INTELLECTUAL 2. This is what us REAL LIBERALS r STUCK with from public figures. Then the FAUX LIBERALS-like ANDY-wonder why we REAL LIBERALS do not care anymore. 
@USERS I am assuming that is a proponent of gun control. The argument for gun control is the threat of being shot. She then goes on to accuse people who open or conceal carry of being scared of a hypothetical fear of being shot. it is a hypocritical statement
@USER Eric Holder should be in PRISON !
@USERS says social housing is good and in the same breath talks of climbing the ladder. Hypocrisy incarnate from a failed lying politician lining her party's pockets with tax money for real estate builders building their failure of lies
@USERS needs to get over it. it is been 5 years since he hasn't played for the birds. Move on already. There is hardly anyone still on the team from when he played with the Birds. He is starting to sound bitter that he does not have a ring
@USERS Lab turned down the deal with LDs
@USERS The gauge potential is the connection on the quantum field as like in differential geometry. and the field strength tensor is the curvature tensor.
@USERS Antifa JV squad?
@USERS He is also speaking as the other man in the room. Remember he kept silent and allowed kids to be sexually assaulted.we will call him the Mark Judge in this case.
@USER Get Violent? Get? As if the occupy black lives matter baltimore riots ferguson antifa weren't all Democrat VIOLENCE
@USER When you said you are going to add them but you did not already face with tears of joy face with tears of joy http
@USER He is so wonderful! I love my grandkids!
@USERS He will blame it on the fact that he is Hispanic of course.
@USERS Only if you want a murder charge. Stealing guns is already a felony. Shooting someone with their own gun is life in prison at best. There is just no way this ends well for whoever tries this. I honestly think this is a troll made by 4chan to get stupid antifa members shot or jailed.
@USERS If he is from AZ I would put my money on sex with underage kids.
@USERSAmy when Iook at you think Child of God but also inspring young lady. You showed us that you can conquer anything and say I am stronger than this. God is proud of you and so am I. Mr. Heughan too. He said in an article what is the big fuss about himself you are the answer.
@USERS Dr. Blasey Ford Kavanaugh me too . . fem frauds maga maddow morning joe wednesday wisdom http
@USERS You are neither authority nor arbiter. Have a seat.
@USERS I'll go to the original argument that people shouldn't blanket everyone together. Terrorists equals to all Muslims Alt-Right equals to all conservatives Both of these are equally dumb. Requiring specific groups to denounce their fringes means that the general populace cannot differentiate.
@USER you are so wonderful Elizabeth.kisses from Italy.
@USER He will get what he deserves in the Mens prison.
@USERS Of course never cover conservatives
 I know there are parents among my mutuals or followers and lots of you are GREAT! But I've had to deal with a lot who are laser-focused on an outdated idea of what early childhood education should be 
@USERS Be there with Bells on thumbs up victory hand selector red heart selector 
@USERS She is known to be sneaky pouting face 
@USERS So you are ok with the racial epithats that the left calls black conservatives? bigotry hypocrisy walk away I did. Many have. do not be blind. You are being a tool for a establishment. Keep resisting the outsider and be for the political elite millionaires.
@USERS I want to prove to him how actually retarded he is
@USERS guys I am literally italian and i know what that shit is what the fuck
@USER I am weak face with tears of joy face with tears of joy . Shit must have been really painful .
@USER Blaming Trump for the hurricane is showing his ignorance and hate.if only he were to give his salary to their recovery maybe then he can help
@USERS it is not just Conservatives. Centrists are discouraged with his approach to dealing with trump. USA is our biggest friend protector and trade partner. Open the markets consumers here will benefit
@USER You are now a prince before the time that you will become the King. http
@USER Hope the tiny anti American fraction of the USA can support those nfl contracts.
@USER Bring back Alex . Jack. or Ban NYT too.
Antifa Caught Off Guard After Getting Confronted By The Last Person They Ever Wanted To Answer Too http
@USER He is the AL but If were talking entire MLB I will still take Arenado all day defensively over Chapman.
@USERS Thank you President Trump! ALL of America is benefiting for todays' economy too! And most importantly? President Trump gets ALL the credit! equals to maga http
@USERS Shit like this is why I do not follow Who me? I am just stating basic facts. Totally NOT diverting from the actual point. Just stating a fact. you are a phony 
@USERS pathetic loser Only Utah would allow this 2 happen. wake up america Utah SLC judges liberals So sorry elizabeth smart red heart http
@USERS is the brainchild of - He is playing dirty against and Jen is using her ill gotten money against Mailer linking Nixon to anti-Semitism was approved by top Cuomo aides http
@USER Go back to Canada
@USER He looks just like Fred with a moustache. 
@USERS Please stick to Bakersfield issues and resign from House Leadership. You are illiterate in economics and the Constitution and take too many bribes! no speaker mccarthy I am for 
@USER Privat just means between B XVI and the Cardinal. Agree though he should not be out and about. Should be in seclusion for the 'prayer nd meditation' and only private mass. Nuncio was making molehill into mountain for the Old Guard of conservatives to oust Francis.
@USER Maybe the reason you are gaining so many subs is because you are a hard working awesome YouTuber D
@USERS I thought the red hat was a MAGA hat until I saw the maple leaf.
@USERS Agree Liberals will not have a majority but you will see people's Party of Canada in the running your little because party will be lower in the ranks the the NDP.
@USER He is right though. you do have a whiff
@USERS Several of the western liberals are not too happy with national focus of Saudi.
@USERS you are the worst attorney general ever however you had that in common with Barry Soweto is him being the worst president ever so why do not you just go crawl under the rock with him
@USERS Actually per the rules it does not matter if she even saw the coaches attempts to coach her - she is to receive a warning based on the coaches actions. It would have stopped at just a warning but as you saw she couldn't let it go.
@USER He is back baby. 
@USERS Wasn't this clown running guns?
@USERS thank you for the consideration.be careful it might be you !
@USERS She is! Have you seen her tweets lately?
@USER Stop trying to make Brandon what he is not and run him. Put in some trip option and sprint option stuff. RUN HIM! Do some play action out of the option formations. Bring in Book for at least four series.
@USERS Yes. that is how the liberals do.
@USERS I absolutely agree! I have tried rallying people on Twitter. Asking them to follow each other. Strength in numbers. I vote. I work the polls for early election and Election Day. I speak with liberals. I forwarded Maxine Walters rants to the secret service.
 @USER Finally! No more terrible takes of The NFL owners are racist 
maga DEEP STATE VIDEO EXPOSED http
@USER I always strike lawyers. I served on a jury civil and the jury wanted me to decide the case and kept asking me to explain jury instructions. My take away is that the lawyer may hold too much sway in deliberations. But if he or she is on your side.
@USER I have to go over Saturday to have dinner no it is the annual close the pool for the season . Not then big ass round above grounds . They have a huge in ground pool . I know that is coming . While gore here . And I do not mind at all . funny Shit
@USERS We are not a democratic republic. We have never been a Democratic anything. We have never had Democratic ideology. Nor is this a new talking point. We are constantly correcting Democrats or liberals on this.
@USER You were on the same stage as Farrakhan. You total hypocrite. You are pathetic.
@USER By citizens he means democrat voters.
@USER How dare you tell me what Antifa is doing is right. They are not fighting facism they are fighting for their own stupid cause. They are further from fixing facism than the republicans themselves
 23 70 Or do they say, He is possessed ? Nay, he has brought them the Truth, but most of them hate the Truth. 
@USER O'Rourke tell us Texas citizens how you feel about law enforcement officers woman police officer selector . Tell us about your immigration plan. Tell us about your gun control plans. Tell us about your tax plans. If you cannot tell us what your views are you cannot be Senator.
@USERS An accusation is not enough. We are fortunate to live in a country where you are innocent UNTIL proven guilty.
@USER I had to look up who he was. A Bush-Cheney guy. GOP have some strange conservatives.
@USER by which point the fuckingclass was nearly over. !
@USER Coming from a former AG who should be charged with conspiracy to commit murder in the Fast &amp Furious scandal. One of the many scandals committed within the Obama Administration.
@USER How about we rally behind a blue wave and parse policy after. The country is in danger. You are not helping. you are speaking from a place of white privilege STOP
@USERS 4. or presumably you think liberals, are as trivial as women and their complaining. You wonder why Dr. Ford does not want to surrender herself to such a harrowing experience before you all? 
@USERS and they will know she is the Lord
@USER Looks at this! Wow. Our hard earned money money bag used for the liberals extravagant lifestyle. does not that remind you of the typical socialist Government!
 @USER The comments below, defending Drug Ford's blatant abuse of power is completely laughable. But, but the Liberals. Bias, BIAS I tell you! Must be only the NDP rich downtown area that was polled . Ho-man. thanks guys. I needed a good laugh! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER It just turns by itself into the wall
@USERS Yes he is! stop kavanaugh now
@USER Sure thing smirking face 
@USER Nothing LEAVE
@USERS Voting for her as well. Democrat I assume.
1 like equals to 1 uwu for the Troops! Show your American flag and weeabo pride! maga uwu
@USERS oh! she looks amazing thank you! sparkling heart 
@USER David Dennison might know where he is.
@USERS Extremistische Idee
@USERS Guess that is why she's settled for being the gag-inducing spokesperson of the commercialized conservatives.
@USERS He is a big lump of -I agree 100%
 @USER Wasnt it just recently that john brown gun club got kicked out of a shooting range for being antifa ? 
@USERS The timing is too convenient. She is a paid liar.
1st thing Liberals and Conservatives want to pass is the TPP trade deal http via @USER cdn poli tpp nafta
@USERS Everybody's doin it.#MAGA
@USERSYes kill them with kindness. Let POTUS and the military or LEOs handle the violence. http now watching
@USER Uhhh no. Sadam gassed the shit out of the Kurds sp? 
@USER The truth will finally get out to Congress and the American people! That the Dems are trying to take out a duly elected President. They're running scared. schiff head maga
@USERS No, I am 100% sure you are watching right-wingers posting things only. And think you see discrepancies in narratives ? What I posted wasn't approved antifa video at all. There's no such organization. What it was was a popular Youtuber examing what Antifa is without any bias. 
@USER As usual a seemingly and supposed smart feminist thinks she has made sense. Yen yen yen yen yen yen alone. You just told me rn you are also dealing with another person. Have you considered maybe you are the toxic one?
@USER Never had. Let's fuck it up.
@USER I was definitely drunk as shit
@USERS You mean cheating allegations. Not sexual harassment or assault it was about CHEATING. BIG difference. We all know facts scare liberals. If you are so concerned about sexual assaults you need to shout for the names on the slush funds to be revealed. Until than have a seat
@USER Had to create a whole fake page just to talk shit. face with rolling eyes sis is really just miserable sad
 @USER I would've chose the headline Why the left loves Bernier Personally I could not be more delighted The most important thing in any election is to prevent conservatives from gaining power Just look at Ontario for proof 
@USERS And, of course, you exclude all but a select group of primarily Northwestern European and a few Asian countries from your any country list. Gun control has no positive correlation with lower homicide rates, even within cherry-picked Euro countries. http 
@USER He won't live long now
@USERS We are so proud of and the creativity she has brought to our students! She is truly an asset!
@USERS Liberals are the worst sexists. Not all women speak truth especially political activists. Try judging the veracity of the allegation by evidence instead of gender.
@USERS Ah yes just get a better job. You realize the majority of new job growth is in service industry? And with how expensive student loans are college is less and less realistic for people.
@USERS ! You are still butt hurt that your loser Hitlary lost. Love it. See you at the polls in 2020 Bucky.
mueller doj fbi cia law enforcement police state Proof all law enforcement are paramilitary goons for the communist leftwing dnc &amp will do anything to solidify their grip on power. Conservatives should seriously question their support of police. http
@USER Cmon Eddie. There is no reason at all for you to be so rude. If I recall you are always begging for her back when you guys stop talking. Stop trying to make it seem like she's a horrible person and you are this amazing guy.lmfao
@USER Holy freakin cow this is actually real from Antifa? Now we really know they are stupid. Great way to get shot or hurt.
@USERS The conservatives are finding this pill very hard to swallow.
@USER Keep doing your thing. I am just sitting back enjoying http
@USERS Theresa May isn't nice
@USERS Conservatives only care about democracy when it is their opinions and so called racist rights are in jeopardy. Anyone else they do not give a shit about. it is sad.
@USER Please Confirm Kavanagh ASAP! He is a fine choice! do not let the liberals derail his nomination to the SCOTUS!
@USER Holy fuck I am so sorry someone violated your trust like that
@USERS Look at us we are just so full of ourselves an so narcissistic we cannot realize our time is just about up .
@USERS His promises should be taken with a pinch of salt. often lies and spreads misinformation. If elected I doubt you would see ANY promise honored. He is not an honorable Guy.
4. But I have to called an hotel to send a shuttle to come pick my mother who is sitting at @USER terminal at the airport with their agents. 5. I reminded them that she is a wheelchair passenger who cannot speak English. How will the hotel find her?
@USER EVERYONE should know about this. it is about time we called out these violent liberals that have gone so far off the deep end.
@USER I think Jack is busy right now pushing the feds for their share of the $100-million museum project. Waiting for Liberals to suggest only they can deliver federal dollars.
@USER He wants to be the senator of North Mexico.
@USER Liberals be like http
@USER I've seen these big chairs but the look on your face and the pose makes me laugh. Somehow I believe that was all purposely orcastrated by you Boots! You are so silly
@USER The whole of the media in this country sets out to discredit Tommy and you decide to write a criticism about him as well. Pathetic. We know he has his faults no-one is perfect but save your attacks for the likes of Corbyn and Antifa. If you do not like Tommy stay away from him!
@USER Self defence is justified but that is not what Antifa does is it!
@USERS What an incredibly odd little man he is.
 Conservatives are enemies of whites! http
@USER I am sure Paul manipulated people last season and we called them followers because they saw the threat and did not do anything.Kind of what Kaycee &amp Angeela are doing this season.They both wanna take Tyler all the way knowing how much of a final 2 threat he is. that is following
@USER Hollywood is so out of touch.
@USER Hey Biden. There is a reason why hard working Americans will NEVER TOLERATE YOU OR YOUR CAREER POLITICIANS AGAIN! maga THANK YOU TRUMP
@USER It is a suicide mission if they do not put him on the bench! Standup for justice and I do not mean the warped sense of justice preached by the liberals. Get 'er done! http
@USERS The same way democrats have smeared conservatives or republicans? What about how democrats do not stand up for the women that have been sexually assaulted by democratic politicians! you are a hypocrite &amp you need to SHUT the HELL UP!
@USER This sums up what's happening across the pond. It is what the msm hides in America. me too maga kag2018
@USER Oh stop. you r only defending him because you r both conservatives. If I liberal had been accused you would believe the women right away. Go yell at someone in a toll booth and spare us all please.
@USERS reading when the letter does not say that they know Ford. Unlike the Kavanaugh letter where the women say they do him. The left wing liberals aren't threatening this woman's life. 
@USER He is truly dumb as shit.
 hugs Milo He is mine now and you cannot have him back. &gt .&gt 
@USER Charged for false charges? Why not?
 @USER He lets her ramble on for a bit, smiling and admitting to himself that this is why he likes having Kate around. She is definitely a younger version of himself. Pretty sure they done did the do. 
@USER do you have run support data? I am guessing Nola has gotten more. Everything equal I go with wins but his season is just so good I think he is the exception.
@USERS Williams displayed her bad tempered side to the world and it is something she will probably always regret. I would say to her be ye never so high that you believe you are above the rules.
@USERS She is an opportunist. She wanted a cabinet post but Liberals rightly decided she wasn't good enough for the task. She crossed because Conservatives promised her one. She is a person with no core beliefs. She is not credible and not to be trusted.
@USERS This is just more proof are beyond unhinged and should never ever have power in this country again. walk away from democrats walk away 
@USERS When they go low? 
@USERS The US Open has treated her poorly with the whole controversy over her outfit. Bottom line is she was treated differently because she is a women of color and this would never happen to a man. The USTA better soon recognize that she IS women's tennis and act accordingly!
@USER SEE I TOLD YOU! SHE IS DESPICABLE
@USER Fear monger. Fake rage.
@USERS Are conservatives starting to sound like my relatives on Facebook or is it the other way around?
@USER I am finna say fuck it and get a crispy ass jogging suit face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS Women + Liberals. Nuff said. Kavanaugh to be confirmed next week regardless of these desperate games. Game over. maga
@USERS WHOS SICK OF INTITLED RACISTS?
@USER fuck this fat cock sucker
@USER And you KNOW he is probably saying the softest things and yet he looks like THIS woman tipping hand medium skin tone new moon face new moon face new moon face see-no-evil monkey WHAT IS THE TRUTH?!
@USERS What you are saying is simply untrue.
family protection Gun Control Supporters Are Once Again Rebranding Their Efforts we're on Facebook @ LivingTrust - FREE California ccw class - PLUS virtually unlimited Free Training at Front Sight world's largest shooting school http
 @USER Just wondering whether we should have another election if the wrong party get in because 36.9% of the electorate voted for the conservatives Or when 35.2% voted Labour in 2005 and won ? 
@USERS She is great. Hi Fiona!
 @USER All I am hearing is We do not care that people in this country are being unjustly treated, I am going to make up an excuse as to why kneeling is offensive so I continue to ignore the problems we face as a Nation. 
@USERS I completely agree which is why a potential victim's claim must be afforded due process before she or he is villianized.
@USERS Bwahahahahaha.she is a liar. Let her bring a case with the State of MD then. I would love to see it and see her bankrupted by Kavanaugh's attorney in a libel suit.
@USER Her family consist of -Cheating husband who never loved her -two bonus boys who made it clear she is not their mom and never will be - in laws who show more affection to stray cats than Wewe. - paid employees who laugh at her while cashing her checks. http
@USERS 36 years ago I was sexually assaulted by a Supreme Court nominee, but I would like to remain anonymous so that I do not have to answer questions. This is basically a smear campaign because I am a democrat and do not want conservatives with a majority on SCOTUS. 
 .understand that black lives matter, fight global warming, demand gun control, safeguard Roe v. Wade, and, of course, marshal their forces to throw the bum out. Save our SS from being used as welfare for billionaires. Have medicare that covers everything. No worries or fears. 
@USER His policies were the worst
@USERS Maybe will tweet a bible verse. After all.he is a ferengi. http
@USERS I do not like this. You guys aren't gettting what she is trying to pass across. She said she went to the CU in Enugu and left in 2014. face with rolling eyes 
@USER better leave hi ac with sd live Women's Title tonight! She is the best woman on the whole roster bar none!
@USERS We all know that the left is going to believe all those lies demo liberals rats are there to destroy President Trump thumbs down Nov is going to be red thumbs up United States 
@USER A nothing burger.
@USERS He did not born so he is not pakistani?Get a life man.If ur wife deleiver boy in london nd back to pk so the baby is not pakistani?You nd ur wife r not pakistani?Just some papers of registration in london make ur boy non Pakistani face with tears of joy winking face .Honey see the forefathers history.
Adulting is knowing who fucked cut off in your future plans.
@USER please do not make the same mistake with kavanaugh He is a perjurer who is also a Trump lackey. vote noon kavanaugh http
@USER she is so beautiful! red heart selector 
@USER you are so sweet! thank you for spreading love into her tml sparkling heart 
@USER She sounds amazing and it is a bloody disgrace that she is mostly forgotten.
@USER Says the man with 18% favorability and won't win so he is retiring! rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERSSemper fi Marines and Follow ALL MAGA
@USERS She is the comedian that lectures the audience for an hour how white men are the scum of the earth.
 @USER You are too pure to become like this, Atsushi-kun. He whispered as if he could hear what the child was thinking about. That wasn't so hard. I love you, I have adopted you, I have saved you. You showed me a beautiful light, Atsushi-kun. 
@USER And My Nephew Is Over There! Trump has it right. Get the F outta there!
This is how he maga Please explain. http
Impeach Trump and maga
@USERS is Zoe getting married? I refuse to believe this. she is still a BABY. A BABY. .
 Salesforce Billionaire Marc Benioff Buys Time for $190 Million http t cot maga red nation rising
illegal aliens do not get constitutional rights http t cot america first sanctuary cities conservatives law lawyers the wall trump wall wall
@USERS The sort of thing antifa and the socialists of would cheer.
@USER my name is Whitney NOT WHITEY
@USERS Stop giving me quotes start giving me facts that prove gun control will work
@USERS I guess it is time to get divorced just so we can keep more income. How silly is that. Liberals have no clue. Make it so all Canadians can benefit not just divorced couples. what are you thinking
@USER Freedom of speech is only if you agree with the Left
@USER Me estoy fucking alterando
 Rahm Emanuel's failure is an ill omen for all Democrats http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS Congratz you are going to make a GREAT mom!
@USERS More and more Conservatives are turning their back on because of his abuse of power. on poli pc po on dp to poli toronto to council
@USER I wasn't given the option to stay home and stack money but I always tell people if the opportunity is given take it woman shrugging medium-dark skin tone Shit hell out here
@USERS And people still think this administration is the greatest since sliced bread. Ridiculous.
@USERS Sorry fella but Connelly thought he was Hollywood craig kar dash ian
@USER And Trump has to go. thinking face exploding head I've got one word antifa woman shrugging light skin tone 
@USER CNN is evil. A true enemy of the people. I cannot believe there are people who still take them seriously.
@USER A vulgar attempt to reduce sisterhood to genitalia.
@USER Gotta admit.she's stacked.
@USER Gillibrand must have been a very sexually active woman to be pushing young women to have abortions.
@USER Same with the gun control debate. No it won't keep guns away from every criminal but it can make things better. It won't prevent every mass shooting but it may prevent those crazy people from buying a gun in the first place.
@USERS I'll answer for You! when you have a different opinion to them you are a racist.when they lose an argument you are a racist.if you love Britain you are a racist.liberals are week people.it takes a strong person to to not be one of the sheep
@USER do not you have to have some proof? thinking face 
@USER woman shrugging medium-light skin tone that would be silly.
@USER Google stock wayyy up. Whats so bad with your Trump world google
@USERS so and accusation by a libtarded Trump hating liberal activist against a Trump appointee does not make you wonder if the accusation was politically motivated in the SLIGHTEST? No? This is why conservatives think you are all stupid. Because you are.
 @USER Does she expect a mob in pussy hats shouting We believe her in unison, based on a general distrust of conservatives? 
@USERS maybe he is for brutally beating a woman. apparently spending a couple hundred dollars makes up for beatin the piss out of someone
@USERS Everybody Talks About the Weather . . . We do not We confront them when we make sure that what does not suit us never happens again. do not blather that it is too violence. The action antifa is not crocheting doilies!
@USERS Apparently conservatives are now automatically guilty of any crime or assault that shows up from no where at the last possible minute. We are no longer presumed innocent until proven otherwise.
@USER Oh well. You are a better man.
@USERS He is such a stroke face with rolling eyes 
@USER you are some basic white girl who clearly did not know any of them personally and it is awful what has happened to Mac so why do not you pay respect to that instead of being disgusting and blaming another innocent human in something that has nothing to do with them.
@USERS The racist excuse every time telling it like it is against being PC http 
@USER I believe he is winded! Some nights you just do not have it I guess
@USERS My opinion isn't false just as is you are isn't . You cannot downplay my feelings because it does not fit into your narrative. What rights are we taking away? Better gun control? If that hurts your soul oh well. A dead child hurts mine more
@USER you were right last night about Quad! She acts like she is the only one going through things in life! She has to share with her friends so that y'all can be there for her! married to medicine
@USERS How do I connect my USB token to an iPhone?
@USER Here' s a guy that is a reliable source of information. hHahahahahahaha. Just kidding.
@USERS And you support the right using Antifa tactics in other words the tactics of a domestic terrorist group.
@USER I see his tweet. But it is just another garbage tweet from the liberals. Contributed nothing except to add more confirmation that the liberals are out of talking points &amp aren't to be believed.
@USER They really do not care who he is. Only that he will act as a judicial alt right operative on the Supreme Court.
@USER We support you Dana in anything you do yes you are a heck of an actress. Thank you for fighting for us. NRA Proud. MAGA. BLESSINGS DANA.
@USER Oh FFS! This is just sublime. You are getting better and better
@USER Hey why do not you look at what Keith Elison of Minnesota get off your bully pulpit and do a investigation into his past abuse or do you just CHEERY PICK !
@USERS My Dad did not die so ANYONE could disrespect the fabric &amp Country he fought4. OUR Flag&amp Country are inseparable both defended with human blood &amp those who disrespect the flag disrespect the country! YOU ARE TO DEFEND THE FLAG &amp THE COUNTRY you served under &amp took oath 2defend.
@USERS really And then WHERE in the WORLD does Antifa fit into wacked out Birdlandia? And boy oh boy Birdsize also apparently believes the notion that there are people who actually deny climate I kid you not! I think Rod Serling's coming to escort Birdbrain back to 'the zone' 
@USER Bring on Amy Barrett. No hearings needed anymore and she is a candidate number one ! And she is better on real human rights. This is what the Dems want so make her SCOTUS MAGA grinning squinting face 
@USERS Apparantly that rule of law does not apply to Republicans or Conservatives baselessly accused by Dems
@USER But she did not resist she actually participate freely well maybe not free she did get paid
@USER You are wise.
@USERS What difference does it make if the gun death was a fight or random ! Holding parents accountable could be part of gun control legislation. Write you Congressional representatives and demand it! Until Congress deals w or gun violence it will continue &amp ALL Americans are at risk!
@USERS This pope is pure satanic. God will strip him down to nothing and cast him to hells fire for his crimes
@USER He ruined the brand for what? Kaepernick?
@USER This guy wants to be a successful producer and he is tweeting stuff like this.
@USER DANGEROUS OBNOXIOUS GARBAGE.good luck doctor
@USER TICK TOCK SWAMP ! YOUR GOING TO JAIL VERY SOON ! maga
@USER The people of PR tried telling us this last year but you were too busy bashing trump with mayor Cruz. To you people 3000 peoples lives were worth it to try to make Trump look bad. You are all a disgrace!
@USER As much as I dislike Antifa. I hope none of them are stupid enough to fall for this bait and end up getting themselves or someone else injured or killed
@USERS Sorry you are having issues. Please send an email to feedback with a description of your issue and the email address associated with your account. Thanks.
@USER http And this explains why he is disrespected by idiots like urself and Korzemba
@USER Liberals always be liberalling. http
@USER This is a guy who weaponized the judicial system and IRS to attack conservatives.this is a guy who couldnt grow the ec onomy over 2 percent.this is a guy who said. Get used to it.its the new norm This guy is a moron
@USERS I suggest using the 2nd to remove him.
@USERS She is probs busy over school or something
@USERS Can you imagine what she is like to waitstaff who get her order wrong?
@USERS the Free press ? You mean mainstream corporate media? You ought to look into what you are speaking of. I come from a line of journalists and printers that were and are an integral part of truly free press. WE are not shutting down speech, the LEFT is. Antifa. 
@USER Unless he is like that old skin bag Cher. She just coming back and coming back. stretched face
Project Veritas Footage Released of Socialist State Department Worker http maga kag2020 t cot tea party pj net winblue2018 uniteblue2018 resist CLEAR Hatch Act violation FELONY. Indict this SOB!
@USERS And the hits just keep on coming from the Democrats. The desperation Is palpable. despicable democrats facts matter ms media lies maga republicans 2018 trump2020 big red wave blue puddle potus Follow or Like usa guard - on Twitter SHARE! http
@USER This is so fake he is unable to feel true feelings he even lies when he says anything and she is just as stupid in standing by a man who clearly does not respect the unity of marriage while he was with her and pay these women off STAND UP DIVORCE LIKE HIS OTHER WIFES DID HES A PIG
@USERS So is Fox News now campaigning for the fairness doctrine or is this just Republicans using the power of Congress to force private companies to broadcast whatever the gop says as truth? When will NRA TV have pro gun control NRA members on?
@USERS Last tea party rally did not look like the last antifa rally did it? Misfits and unsuccessful people is all that rally on left.
@USER how? how is this in any way shape or form.
@USER I thought this was SNL. The last guy is wearing a fucking beanie with the mindmill on itS
@USERS the score Happy Birthday Again! Lucky Lovely Charm ka ng bouquet bouquet bouquet clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands You Are Stunning! rose rose rose red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector - HipHop ka minsan sa game ?
@USER Has this guy got acorns in his cheeks or what. Lack of walking around sense is astonishing with liberals.
@USERS msm has no respect left. They have really reached the point of being the e otp
@USERS 93% NEGATIVE COVERAGE SAYS YOU ARE DELUSIONAL
@USERS is so biased against conservatives double exclamation mark selector everyone should drop google and use Bing or DuckDuckGo.
@USER Call bullsh#t just poor losser
@USERS I will never buy a magazine again http
@USER Degenerative behavior creeps onto our sovereignty and justice system
@USER I love my wife Hannah heart suit smiling face with smiling eyes heart suit smiling face with smiling eyes red heart smiling face with smiling eyes heart suit smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS You do not believe this is true fact and AC360 commentary on your tweet. Let say he is wrong in reference to Florence. But is he correct on you NOT visiting any impacted areas. How long you will fool your base fans. Grow up.
@USER Happy dance that Serena lost. She needed taken down a notch or two.
@USER You are not alone here. I did not like The Last Jedi a bit more than Force Awakens. Cannot talk about Solo because did not see it. But Rouge One is the other Star Wars under Disney that was good.
@USER !maybe she was fucking hungry! No one knows what kind of home life she has! My goodness she is a child and this officer could have handled this better. Sorry he needs to be fired
@USERS That only report the Conservatives in a positive way
rino Rauner has severely failed Illinois. Touting his turn around agenda he gave us nothing but his turn coat agenda . Illinois Conservatives not have one choice vote @USER for State experience! http
@USERS and if there is gun control in USA -who will be rounded and exterminated ?
@USERS Sounds to me like the Pope needs counselled on confession.
@USER There is shiva and she is not a boy. http
@USERS Timing? They had this info in their laps? You betcha. that is the chess game of politics. Nothing new here. Use things to your advantage when you need them. does not make them untrue. face with raised eyebrow 
@USERS She is flat out lying!
@USERS So death tolls are determined by studies and computer programs?
@USER I have you and Kaze- I need more.
@USERS He is complicit and took the money. He is going too !
@USERS Oh and thanks for RTing my post! maga kag2018 yes we're going to!
@USERS cannot do that. BLM and Antifa morons will start looting
@USER Interesting my interpretation of the piece was that he was speaking tongue-in-cheek in relating his psychiatric condition to the gun qualifications to highlight the ironic and counter-intuitive nature of gun control laws. I thought it was a well balanced insider piece.
@USERS ok with Andrew Bully Liar touchy cheat to be kept on as a MP? On 75k? No anti bullying rules? http 
 3 or you simply gloss right over the silly emotional female, and her nothing problem. Then you delete this as you realize how horrible it is, or perhaps someone told you , but somehow it is the fault of the liberals, who might misinterpret what you wrote in plain English. 
@USERS Misdrawed. Cause she is not white and blonde. Why he did that? Can you answer that?
@USER Bono is clearly a racist
@USERS Yeah he is
@USER Liberals ruin everything.
@USER joan is playing 4 characters this season all the way up to episode 6 so far. pretty sure she is a main
@USER Oh my goodness she is so precious! Babies make everything better! Thank you for sharing two hearts 
@USER You are doing copy paste of the tweets of south park twitter. There are something weird on here thinking face thinking face thinking face 
@USERS westminster tories what the fuck is going wrong with police these days unamused face angry face angry face angry face http
 #stcshooting To the kneejerk people crying for gun control after this shooting. We already HAVE very restrictive gun control. You just want a ban. it is a pity no one has politely explained to these criminals that they are supposed to obey the law. 
@USER There she is looking wretched
@USER The liberals responses to this great news is very telling!
@USERS You liberals live by double standards. Look at what you did to Monica Lewinski. She was branded a liar and whore even after she produced the evidence. All because good ole Bill is a Democrat! Your all fucking insane!
neoliberalism has failed the poor and middle class Is the people's Party of canada liberal bernier ppc politics Government cdn poli pnp cbc populist racist racism bigot hw pol can pnp cbc cpc lpc ndp http Shared via the CBC News Android App
@USERS do not shame your entire country. You are not mad!
@USERS She is a piece of shit and I am not sorry for my bluntness. From now on I am going to say what I think whether bluntly or rudely!
@USERS So you are saying Antifa should have never oppressed the Nazis. gotcha.
@USER Animal is the operative word !
@USERS cannot she appeal. ? This is all kinds of wrong . If I were ES would beat the sh out of her.
 Black Female Democrats Call for Changes in Party http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER For someone unqualified he seems to be doing a darned good job.
@USERS Are you aware that Hillary Clinton said she was going to use Nuclear weapons against Russia. That was after she sold the 20% of our weapons fuel. She is a complete idiot.
@USER YOU ARE SO CUTE loudly crying face two hearts 
@USER Not according to the ECHR who said it was inhuman &amp degrading treatment which is pretty awful in itself. So you are directing your comments at the wrong person.
@USER it is about time. A civilised nation needs tougher gun control. Man only backwards countries do not
@USER Dianne Feinstein disagrees. She effectively called the woman a liar
@USERS Time I am really starting to hate that word.she had all the time in the world to open her mouth.really shut up about time! Enough of this left.Liberals bull shit about time! You and she have no case! Actually time is what is Hurting her case!
@USERS The whole milk thing is a lie anyway. Not needed. Does weird things to humans. Save your money for your Labour membership. x
15 concert goers massacred in Missouri with 9mm Ruger P89. The NRA calls gun control research 'unethical'.
@USERS Gun control at its finest! 2A is the greatest! She was maga
@USER Fact is. it is up to us to vote Republican to make sure that does not happen!
@USERS Sir it comes to something when you present a lie as a fact. Have you no shame? This is the fact 65% of labour voters voted to Remain. Ref YouGov polls. Your position is based on a false premise.have a nice day
@USERS Eric opens the door and runs to the couch. Fuck yeah.
@USERS Everything is more intense when grieving. Grief started for me as a child. So I totally get it. Many of your cyber friends got your back. Again every thing will more intense. She is beautiful.
@USERS Levi's just came out in support of student gun control activists. Now the Trumpers will be burning their jeans as well as their sneakers!
@USERS do not tell me she is at it again
@USER Georgia University.your racism and utter lack of tolerance is showing. Higher education is apparently not your goal.
@USERS Yes it does. She should be made to resign. maga
@USERS Corrupt RHINO. Glad he stepped down
@USER Liberalism has being remarkable sucessful at taking over both sides of the political spectrum today's left are liberals with emphasis on minority issues and welfare and today's right are also mostly liberals with emphasis on nationalism and anti immigration 
@USER If you ain't hyping me up like the nigga in the back ima have to throw the whole friend away
@USERS You guys. You seriously do not mean everyone right? There are good people here that do not like to bother with shit like that. Personally for me I want this shit to stop but our Government apparently is to fucking stupid with gun control. Arm teachers with guns yes makes sense. 
@USERS What a stupid incompetent devious and toxic PM! May haven't you forgotten 17.4 million voters? Betray us at your peril! You are eroding faith in democracy + destroying Tory Party! You should go http
@USER 4chan trolling Antifa again?
@USER Banned the NFL
@USER He is now full Oompa Loompa
@USERS That is actually a compliment since she is one of the biggest artists out today. Thanks grinning face with big eyes 
@USERS your 'political analysis' have been blinded by your obvious bias. Otherwise you couldn't have come up with such wrong conclusions. Turnbull was the biggest threat to the Liberals existence. Removal also proved that there never was such thing as 'Turnbull's popularity'.
@USER I thought so. I am mingling. ever since you decided to attack my opinion on gun control and Brett Kavanaugh. I just asked you if having a conversation with you would be worth my time and effort. So far all you've done is prove that it is not worth the effort. winking face have a nice day
@USERS Oh-no benefits and employment goes up! See how it works yet?
@USER If liberals cannot win they will do whatever it takes to obstruct the process.
ANTIFA Professor speaking http
@USER I hate Steffy.why because she always gets what she wants and does not care how she does it or who she hurts! I knew her giving Hope to Liam was to good to be true. She is such a B$ H.
@USER Now that is what I call Gun Control 
@USER just what would she lose or She is a hero with the Cuckoo class
@USERS He obviously isn't boycotting 
@USER This is another attempt from the Democratic liberals to bash a judge this did not come out any other time and since it is many years ago she should have to prove it and I still think they should have that vote also there a Democrat running for mayor and he paid his girlfriend
@USERS Antifa is a high emotion low IQ FASCIST organization. Some of its members are fooled by its name into not reflecting on their own groups obvious fascist ideals and others are just there to take advantage of the rest of the fools.
@USERS true. Back to your original point. if we all just fucking drive everything would be fine!
@USER Fun fact I nutted to this http
@USERS Exactly my thoughts. She is always a sweetie when she's coddled. Her true character exposed as an athlete is revealed in times as this. She's not a role model or a legend.
@USER Liberals will drive Republicans to the polls. No worries!
@USER A short course.
@USERS He is the un-indicted co-conspirator AKA Individual 1 .
@USER Booker is toast!
@USER Another dem lie
@USERS Holy shit pt 2
@USER It means HE is still Superman.
1. Trump and the Mueller Investigation 2. Climate Change 3. Guns and Gun Control 4. Unions and Workers save scotus whats at stake http
 @USER Trump did not want to be president , therefore colluding with Russia for presidency is a made up attempt by liberals just like SCJOUS. 
@USER Her eyes look cockeyed to me.
@USER We need to name and shame these people. Ive a fb group which i expose antifa. Hnh etc. http
@USERS Hysterical liberals following Don Jr. No facts just liberal mouthpieces.
@USERS or or it is wrong to let me too hysteria override 'innocent until proven guilty' - but Liberals are trying.
human rights These nuns buy stock in gun companies to fight for gun safety http via @USER
@USERS If we do not get rid of moonbeam he will sink our state into the pacific! 2020maga
More bad news for Democrats backhand index pointing down maga United States http
@USERS Because some people are bastards. you are hopelessly na ve if you think plenty of frauds won't take advantage of this law change for malign purposes.
@USERS Even the most die hard liberals in the media are stepping back from this one.
@USERS She is not in this photo. It has not been verified that they knew each other. This story is about the weirdest I've ever heard and The Texas Rangers better do right by Bo.
@USER Bs. He is looking for retirement money and a new job.
@USER That she is. smiling face with smiling eyes http
 NOW I KNOW WE HAVE A LOT OF people TO FEED, BUT THESE TWO? THESE ARE MINE! NOW GO BACK TO FEEDING people, I am STARVING! I HAVEN'T EATEN IN AT LEAST 40 MINUTES! YOU NEED A MAGA HAT! http 
.She is dirty like Trump.She stole Ted Cruz campaign voters list and gave it to Trump http
@USERS Of Course they are attacking your book. I am shocked this tweet has not been censored. Keep fighting to maga
@USERS Ah. but aren't the railways so much better now they've been privatised by the http
@USER Our great state has been flooded with illegal immigrants and liberals from blue states looking for work. Then these dumba$$es vote Democrat!?! Go figure. All insane.
@USER She is unhinged and not to be taken seriously by anybody.
@USER Not to mention they're the ones who allegedly defend freedom and liberty but use the NSL or McCarthyism to silence dissent and almost sent paratroopers to quash the candlelight revolution. Conservatives equals to hate democracy.
@USERS If Government't remains status quo we can Kiss our new found wealth goodbye! OPEN AND TRANSPARENT! NOTHING LESS! Thanks to for having a spine! maga purge build the wall sunday fun day news fake news media business foxnews 
@USER she's just jealous of how cute you are with your scrunchie &amp crocs! wear them proudly sweet pea! beating heart two hearts 
@USER I thought they turned into Antifa?
@USERSFollowing all maga patriots please follow back thumbs up lions den lion face maga2kag United States 
@USER If it does not have m&amp m's it is not trail mix. You are kicking ass and doing awesome. Keep it up!
@USER Crazy liberals
@USER fingers crossed she is enjoying school but going.konjam sad and little tears. no tanrums though.
@USER WiFi- Free
@USERS I think you are confused about who was locking people up
@USER you are right. But if our terrorize someone for having a different belief. you are not any better
@USERS I hope you are right!
@USER I do not know who she is.
@USER she is really putting one the act she has been in a Hotel and have money to eat and also go to museum and her home is ok
@USERS that is awesome! I bet Liberals are screaming right now. Trump's face when he heard it was great! Go Trump!
@USER Cockroach
@USERS Lisa Page confirmed the Russia story was passed to the MSM as a distraction for gullible liberals to push as a narrative to hinder our duly elected president's success in office.
@USER Despicable is a world that only goes half way of describing maxine
@USER Soros' people are really vicious and out of control. He or one of his allies probably plans and funds Antifa. They are actually trying to take over the Government.
@USERSpretty much spot on there
@USERS Everyone muted you . Thanks for working for free face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy maga
@USER whats wrong with dead antifa I do not understand I thought the only good antifa was.
@USER Becoming what? Besides a multi-millionaire?
&amp this is why she is the GOAT http
@USER I just want to impress only one person in particular. I do not care about the rest of the world becoz he is the world to me.
@USER Trump will never be a free range chicken again He is a danger to the world while under constant surveillance and scrutiny Imagine him gallivanting around the world with the little scraps of actual intel he does know completely unfettered Just do not see it happening
@USER She is so gross. An obvious hack
@USERS Unfortunately that it the liberals agenda
@USERS Where does Mrs May get her 'cunning plans' from? http
@USER You must have an entire closet dedicated to college teams.
@USER Good bye Flakey Fake and good riddance!
@USER If you are not sure then l will block all these useless tweets. OK ?
@USER The reason people are tired of this is because you only focus on the conservatives. Ford has treated people poorly and the constitutional crisis is abominable. His treatment of the women in the legislature is despicable.
walk away from liberals and justin trudeau http
@USER This woman is going to be so rich . she is already a hero to half the country and 90% of the media and acedemia because she might stop Trump from giving the court a conservative majority .
@USERS Good Arrest them all! Arrest the crazy NDP leader as well. She is Having her lil minions take a fall for her! She planned this! Will she be paying their Legal fees? I think not! The immaturity level of this goverment party is disgusting!
@USERSYES! Among my favorite stories! darkseid comes back and shows how a perennial evil he is in the universe! The Daxamite menace might be among the most terrible menaces ever read by me!
@USERS You do not know squat about Obama. Second you say we are not safe because of Obama? Wrong! You think were safe to an individual who fights gun control? How many shootings have there been since Trump got into office? Explain that!
@USERS . Fake conservatives and their fake outrage over the budget betrayal http http
@USERS Conservatives historically go by the constitution . Part of the reason for the name . The libs like to make to make it up as we progess ive 
@USER I knew he will b dead rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing He is brave rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS Nah she is pti an emotional one more than rational. but got caught at the wrong end of the bargain. Big house too many members but single gas connection. She does not understand it is target is the elite and the people who run gas generators.
@USERS I hope the NFL folds!
@USER you say high-value men like that is a real thing that exists &amp not a made-up lie you told yourself to distract from the fact your mother never loved you &amp your penis is microscopic
@USERS John careful. liberals will attack you for thinking critically because the facts aren't on their side
@USER Amazing how the POPE is afraid of the truth
@USER These people are absolutely insane! Liberals have been attacking white men for years and it is getting worse. The path they are pushing for will create another civil war which there will not be a recovery AND they are too damn stupid to see that.
@USERS If they do not change course the Tories are going to be toast at the next general election. They do not want to go the way of the Canadian Conservatives in 1993 who went from being in power with 156 seats to just 2 seats! http http
@USER that is a strange question to ask me because of course I love my sister! I am her big brother! I am there to make sure she is safe and alive!
@USER Crazy Maxine is either huffing spray paint or smoking crack. maga
@USER Call these outsiders out. Most of these comments and likes come from liberals in other states trying to swing elections in Wisconsin. Shine the light on who and what they are. Scott Walker has been a target of theirs since his first governor election. We got this! Let's do it!
@USER She is just trying to get more donations smirking face 
@USER boy you sleeeeeeepppp loudly crying face loudly crying face ass be ret on Pansy or Bailey tonight face with tears of joy face with tears of joy relieved face 
@USERS BuzzFeed News contacted the woman believed to be the subject of the letter at her home last week. She declined to comment. BuzzFeed News has not been able to confirm the contents of the letter. Now hearing she is a high school classmate.
@USERS.yes. it is why i had to take a break . play on a thread for awhile. bad. bad. bad. Red Pill is bitter.
@USERS Also TINA - one for the old school liberals.
I now have over 6k followers. Only 94k to go to get to my goal! trump train maga kag
@USERSJust blocked a 4th. So much easier and you know it drives them nuts rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER Andrea Mitchell. Another political hack embedded in the news media. Listen to the tone of that interview. She is looking for a gotcha moment instead of commending the guy for the work that he is doing. At every turn he shoots her down and it kills her.
@USER The DAILY Vitriol and Hatred Spewed by SCHEMING Liberals is meant to Incite precisely this type of lunacy.
@USERS NOW is the time to begin scheduling SUNDAY COLLEGE football games! You can push these America-phobes and police haters right off the ratings cliff! ncaa on sundays
@USER You do not know her she is Senegalese face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER Had no interest in watching the DNC hour with a hunch of sanctimonious liberals who trigger over everything except when they are insulting those who disagree with their cause of choice for the moment. Pass.
tuesday thought The only hate speech that I hear these last 2 years is from Liberals- STOP THE HATE!
@USER And it is not that the legal profession is somehow biased towards conservatives! The Federalist Society exists because conservative were not well-fostered in the profession!
@USER Prime example as to why we cannot have anymore liberals in our Government. They do not want to nor do they know our Constitution. They prefer to dictate and be superior than Americans. Their hate for our Republic is brazen and we need to keep them out. vote them all out
@USERS These people are special. http
Broke my toe on my second day in maga.
@USER ! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy . You are a fool!
@USERSChicago has strict gun control laws -- but within a few miles there is a free sale and exchange zone that nullifies rational efforts. Banning gun sales in the city of Chicago helped a lot. Restricting Illinois sales helped. Indiana won't participate. 1 or 
@USER Hes sure as hell not one of is either. traitor liberals- all of them-
@USERS nigga thought it was gone a 44 point game? funny to ya boy
@USERS They need to add more gun control laws and Democrats to run things. They have more of both than areas with much much less crime.
@USERS I thought Lisa O'Neill rode him? She is brilliant though
@USERS how crazy you are a professor and you lie and slander conservatives. Wow. Lowest of the low. I hope you are proud of yourself. Every false statement you've ever made is being revorded and you'll be judged accordingly. Best bet is to just sit down w or n talk
@USER Griexsevia
 @USER Please do not start with what he is concerned about. She wants to go out, if he has something planned or an idea of what to do. Movie or not, it is scary. Avery felt like there was something she wanted him to know, but she couldn't remember what off the top of her head. 
@USERS quit being a fig and stop allowing violence against conservatives on your platform
Manhattan Liberals Bus North to Campaign for Dem Congressional Candidate via @USER http college maga donald trump
@USERS that is the aim Liberty wwg1wga maga the rainmakers q a non q army http
@USERSthat is what you are implying that no-one took correct records-having been to hospital it is usual for the doctors or nurses to record as they go-so it is your claim that so many are incompetent if no single record was produced correctly-
@USER Evil in a white robe
Trump's border wall will never happen. maga bluewave 2018 http
@USERS You are a dope. A delusional libtard. Ask the Govoner of Puerto Rico about the fantastic response by our President 
@USER Awesome win for Conservatives! flexed biceps light skin tone 
@USER Beautiful Alex. I hope you are feeling better. Miss your smiling self in the morning.
@USERS No clue where you get those numbers. We are the only country in the world with mass shootings and staggering death tolls from gun violence. How anyone is against gun control defies logic.
@USERS is out of control. They destroy Ford by exposing her. Now claim she is receiving death threats. Uhm.then stop threatening her. Fact is liberals are only ones who threaten people. investigate DNC!
@USERS I think staff is top 5-6 too. Ben is just getting old and run down now but to say he is trash is crazy talk. he is had a good career. Partially because the Steelers have always been a good org but he is done his share to help also
@USERS Liberals should just be banished from the United States &amp dropped in the middle east.
@USERS .I thought oh my god! He was red pilled! I looked back through my replies and it only goes about a month back. I couldn't find the convo.So thought I'd ask. Have a good one brother! MAGA
@USER Liberals support conflicting viewpoints just to score political points. Power is an ugly business.
@USER Well you are and we love you
@USERS Then your statement that Conservatives or GOP hold to the higher moral ground and they know that sex scandals bother us is hypocritical. Both sides are equally guilty and should be held accountable regardless of party. 
@USER Oh SHIT SJSNSN I've had work every day since I messaged you so sorry I'll make it Tuesday!
@USERS This is the dumbest shit I've read since I slent the morning reading Trump tweets.
@USERS Yet more evidence that the have turned 'The Party of Business' into 'The Party of Fuck Business'. Bizarre.
 @USER And that is when you say Well I wanted to take care of you, but if you are going to make that impossible, I guess you are on your own. I think I'll have a steak. 
@USER Eric Holder will be held accountable. He is pointing the finger away from the crime. Time is not on your side Eric. Looking forward to the collapse of your scandalous time ruining America.
@USER ahhh ur mind! she IS ur dorter!
@USERS face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy thumbs up OK hand that is a good one. I never knew Antifa were such badasses. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy thumbs up you need your own comedy special rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy 
@USER It only hangs in the balance because of liberals and news agencies that used the airwaves to push their politics. Like CNN.
@USERS I am sorry but I did not hear why you were there
@USERS This is fun, I asked him for proof and he blocked me. I was about to joke about how he'd go from The Antifa are the real Nazis! to similar alt-shite talking points, boy that sure was providing proof quickly. 
@USER Thank you for proving my point. You are foulmouthed trash
.You cry baby liberals will have Trump for a total of EIGHJT GREAT YEARS! GET OVER IT. maga http
@USERS No that is it the mind set of gangs in chicago where the toughest gun control laws are and it does nothing.
@USERS They had conservatives silently tied up in the cellar for dexades. They're livid we got out and now have a voice In the White House ascend they want to put us back. They're trying to silence us any way possible. We need to burn them all in the midterms. Once and for all
@USERS Obama tried to cripple this nation! He lied and said he was a Christian! When actually he is a radical Muslim!
@USER Wow it took 36 years? Bet this would of never came up if he had not been choose for supreme Court. Shows the liberals for what they really are. In a way that is a good thing beaming face with smiling eyes 
@USER The upside of manga is it can be real cheap. Downside is you might get swallowed up by a 400 part series
@USERS He is a wonder dog he could have a couple doggie girlfriends
The MAGA 2's? http
@USER WHAT THW FUCK
@USER She is not at all bothered by this invasion of her space.
@USERS it is same video posted before. What I did was note that if different race had been in play, it would have been considered hate. Thus, by objective standards, either that was hate, or you liberals cannot complain about negative references to Black men. Bye-bye, race card. 
gun Deaths Global Study Shows US Ranks 2nd Worldwide United States Our partner @USER is asking, Should More Gun Control Laws Be Enacted? Read our partner's full article and express your opinion in the 1 world online s poll poll of the day http http
@USERSSo you joined up with antifa? Because they more align with your values?
@USERS Make you not to vote republican
@USER Spoiler Alert This episode has a hidden agenda to promote gun control
@USERS Give me a fucking break. Liberals are so selective with their false outrage. A turd of a president gets rightfully railed for saying, grab them by the pussy decades before but a Hollyweird gets a pass for saying fuck the shit out of the boy next to him gets a liberal pass? http 
@USERS She was so freaking happy when she got her 'No' from Kavanaugh. I seriously hope she has him for perjury or at least can force recusal. Either way she is an immensely elegant speaker cut from the same cloth as Obama who I badly want to run in 2020.
@USER Maxine is just a mean spirited woman. I cannot imagine the demons she is dealing with to have that much hate &amp craziness in her. crazy maxine
@USERS Horrendously sad that we all know who he is. It gives me no joy to know I am smarter than the president.
@USER I know many too ! we liberals just do not feel the need to dance around waving them like the maga idiots.
@USER it is wild thinking about how Clive is minus one boypussy away from wrecking the whole town again
@USERS I will always be cruising to Bray Wyatt for you no matter what he is a good man like you and your brother
@USERS Global sushi &gt dead commie terrorist. I choose sushi.
65 women defend Kavanaugh as 'a good person' amid allegations - IGNORE Dianne FEInstein. She is obsolete! You disgusting idiot piece of sh%@ Feinstein. He will rule supreme!
@USERS You are right free speech is one thing that makes this country great. Another is the very flag that is a symbol that gives us that right.
.when Liberals or Democrats punish &amp slander people for simply being honest and truthful? that is when you know its time to walk away and vote Republican. http
@USER Funny that she actually hears dog whistles. I think that says something about her. poodle 
@USERSWhy do white liberals imagine white people have some power? White people have been trained for generations not be racially aware. White liberals are the most anti-white racists I know. What power do you imagine white people have that other people do not?
@USERS He is Harry Potter
@USERS None of these issues are A real problems or B handled better by Conservatives. Happy to support Trudeau for a second term. Trans Mountain pipe and NAFTA will get done - properly. Saudi spat? Yay. You wouldn't know prosperity if you fell into a pile of 100's.
@USER It also goes to show that all those so called news people that laughed at you are now eating crow. How wonderful it is to watch the looney liberals squirm around like worms drowning in sunshine.
 @USER Suddenly thought of something. you mention in 1 of ur video that they do not know where Lay is or he is captured by rf.then Lay has to comeback or appear then only Kai can bring him back to the island.latest video said he might be in another parallel world.what if 
Time to visit Banbury Team! http http
@USER Ok G you are hired. Hot yoga fixed it. Feels good as new!
@USER If you think Conservatives are going to believe a wacko liberal you are sadly mistaken. We see right thru your lies. Judge Kavanaugh is a great person and the best thing for this country. You on the other hand are a disgrace to the United States &amp women.
@USER MAGA KAG WINNING
@USER History repeats itself http
@USERS cashing in on the book bandwagon. cannot blame her. liberals love to throw their money at bullshit
@USER I do not know if she is but shes black coded.the bonet sets it off
@USERS blocked me also. I do not even know who he is
@USERS Gun control isn't about public safety. it is about hating 'rednecks' and social engineering.
@USER oh my god! She is so cute green heart green heart green heart http
@USERS I am for the kneel. My sisters perspective is when you are on the job do your job. I take that to mean they arent allowed to peacefully protest on the job. I disagree. 
@USERS is inciting VIOLENCE towards Twitter Accounts that support POTUS. He has made lists for Antifa and ? Please respond.
@USER Bummer that you are excluding A-List members from the a star is born special events. I guess you guys are already testing shady Moviepass tactics on us. unamused face 
@USERS Looks like you are the one winking face with tongue Some simple things needn't be explained
@USER She isn't. Antifa does not want to hurt her. Resist does not either. Rest of us want her to put up or shut up. They are gaming us all.
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http long-term approach has a number of advantages including the ability to work with our supply chain and landowners to build more homes. left speech bubble selector Paul Hackett, Chief Executive http
@USER A woman in Hatteras told me last night I do not know what I am talking about when I told her to get off the island. I hope she is alive afterward.
@USER I cast my vote as OPPORTUNIST christine blase y ford had THIRTY-FIVE years to come out with her allegations. Why now? it is obvious. maga http
@USER Hell NO
@USERS face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy whatever. It was more than enough for 'Antifa &amp the rest to stay home! Peaceful. Dignified. On Point. Last time the left did that? I'll wait 
@USER fuck off http
@USERS he is on Capital fucking Hill. it is not like they do not know where he is at. They want to intimidate his family so he will back out. The media is Antifa in drag.
@USER just lose to every tom jeff and jerry because some dumb shit happens and I lose full
@USERS Because she is more intelligent than you are.
@USER Pat Shurmer scored 7 points against the eagles in playoffs last year and only 22 at home vs saints until miracle play he is not a great offensive coach.
@USER Eric pay your taxes and go straight to jail.
@USER This president is such a idiot I wish some one would tell me why and how he is still in office! God help those being hit by this storm ! Lord knows they will not need paper towels thrown at them !
@USER Amputees' limbs have grown back in his presence! I guess he'll do it until they cart him off in a strait jacket.
@USER Fuck you it is 3
@USERS you are a legend and one of the best presenters on We want to see!
@USER Testing $7.31 support line is what she is doing new all time high if it does not break
@USER The liberals will use whatever label they can to discredit people who disagree and or or are a threat to their agenda.
@USER where did you dig this one from? She is dope sha
@USER He blocked me a long time ago after one response that called him out for lying. he is an idiot who thinks his $hit do not stick and loves saying stupid stuff to get liberals to love him. A complete douchebag.
@USERS Which side ran into a crowd killing someone? you mentioned ANTIFA like they're anywhere close to the same hate filled platform that KKK is. All i heard from you was deflection &amp excuses. Next
@USER I am on AS 849 but do not want to get anyone in trouble since this is not the first time . . . it happens with frequency. If I sat a row back it wouldn't be an issue with carryons but bulkhead is tough. Hard to say anything when you are on a flight together for 5 1 or 2 hours!
@USER loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face he is terrible OK button 
 Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything. @USER maga http 
@USER Market Liberals Party when?
 @USER This is an interesting topic and I'll try to give my best opinion on this topic First, what does master dota2 or chess means If we assume that to master either one of them implies that you are undisputable the best HUMAN PLAYER in the world at the game in our current time 1 or 5 
@USERS She is so dead face with tears of joy http
@USER Fiona Hill.
@USER Ok give it up you low life conservatives move on you got one year til election for canadians to show you that WE do not WANT RACIST RUNNING R COUNTRY so grow up and let's talk about how you do not like anybody who do not look like you
. there he is theirs the first baby growing so fast how cute fabulous to see him again thanks for sharing http
@USER Perfect example of a country with gun control. I bet those guys were happy the criminals did not have guns.
@USER Breitbart has become neocon Establishment and is Fake News the worst of the lot is Alex Marlow a total loser . Watch or listen to Fault Lines with Stranahahn and Nixon instead probably the best show of its kind. Stranahahn fired by Breitbart for being too good.
@USER And the Liberals are saying Republicans are separating this country by color. Hypocrites.
@USERSThank you Julie. rush family ?
@USER You are ridiculous and need to retire!
20 Crazy Things Liberals Blame Trump For http via @USER
@USER Keep me updated with how you are liking it face with tears of joy 
@USER Bengals v. Some sorry team looking for a butt whoopin'
@USERS Overton window shifted a while ago. AP is leftist, wsj maybe centrist And that CNN isn't hyper-partisan but fox is? Ok Have you denounced your extremists, AntiFA, Keith Ellison, Linda Sarsour, Ocasio yet? I've denounced ones on the right. 
@USER Good thing I watch him online.
@USERS One of the very first states in the US to legislatively legalize gay marriage. Extremely progressive gun control. Minimum wage increase. Free college. I know these things do not count for dipshits like you. But they are major and they count.
@USER Bitch I am going to see you on december do not me. We have to see each other
@USER I wonder if he is a Chicago Bears fan.?
Now this is how we MAGA http
@USER White liberals really hate themselves. tds
@USER I am down in 15 minutes if you are
@USER And who gives a shit
@USER If I am not mistaken they were the only affiliate to not be resigned to the Pirates system
@USER it is only sexual assault when the other does not agree with what he is feeling. He said before picking up the pace his foot turning and pushing against his cock while his big toe and other toe lift up the glands. Mm 
@USER Becoming a woman?
@USER we are done debating. we win debates all the time and you liberals win by doing what you want in Government and elsewhere. We are going to defeat you in every way you defeated us now. Be prepared.
@USERS I'll add one more Did you realize that conservatives would decide that certain men should get a PASS for sexual assault?
@USER Or a connection or motive between the two because it wasn't a random shooting.
pak needs media policy So called desi liberals want uncontrolled n unlimited liberty of media that is not acceptable or positive for any society http
@USER I would affirm her. Tell her she is beautiful but at the same time that beauty comes also from wthin
 @USER &gt unfuckable where is the truth in this statement, all i see are lies 
@USER Ugh that sucks! At least you have your wallet
@USERS Hope he is feeling better soon.
@USER that entire article is a piece of trash. that precinct is full of dumbfuck pigs.
@USER I do not like her but hope if she is next to Tyler at final 2 she Wins. Just me being petty.
@USERS Bret, maybe you are just running away because you pretended to be an expert and got pounded into submission by a girl. All you did was assume and demand proof, I provided. You provided 'your say so. In terms of debating, you lost. Have a nice day. 
@USER Antifa boot camp face with tears of joy 
@USER Most likely gang related violence with a illegal gun in the most strict gun control cities .
@USERS Looks less like she is getting $200 dinners a day and more like she's getting 200 dinners a day
@USERS You can compare any two countries you like and you'll always find the one with stricter gun control has a lower murder rate with no pattern in democratic freedoms.
@USERS .Except not all Millennials are for Gun Control.
@USER She is so despicable!
@USERS this is rei from evangelion concept or design by loudly crying face smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USER They are BOTH GUILTY of CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR &amp they know it. folded hands light skin tone God removes any &amp all barriers to getting the truth from them! maga
labour swa god king British Conservatives made a grave error protecting Viktor Orban - http via @USER
 @USER When she's wearing her hero 'costume' she or is or completely invisible so. yes? http 
@USERS Just give up. You are desperate to spread hate &amp the more you do the more we send love to the victim. You have lost your humanity. Stop and think what you are trying to achieve because you look like you want to start a war on innocent people.
@USERS If liberals are against Kavanaugh then he is the best man for the job.
@USERS I do not like him because he is an anti-Semitic and a Muslim and a racist. Any other questions?
@USER Why add insult to injury? He is 100% devoid of empathy.
@USER Ps the gun control laws and subsidised healthcare are real
@USER I hope they beat his ass in private.
@USER At least you've been some type of fucked
@USER I say grab him. What a difference maker. He is a home run hitter to compliment smoke. Means we release Grant and Snead has to take over. do not know the whole story why Browns would release him. But he is a legit number one WR
@USER Get out!
. @USER continues our look into Government spending. Part II is focused on funding announcements made in battleground Quebec over the summer cdn poli http
@USERS Lady get real trump is rich he does not need tax payers money.liberals still tax payers money.
 @USER Does this mean you do not share the left's usual view on the 2nd amendment or does the constitution as the liberals say change with the times ? 
@USER ? what the fuck ?
@USERS you are the only who are getting so brave skull stay pressed trashno neptune
@USER Good luck
.@USER opposes the student loan refinancing bill that would help hundreds of thousands of borrowers get lower rates at no net cost to taxpayers. He is losing this election and he is a desperate politician. Democrats might not want to let him steal this issue. http
@USER That did not work now did it! Maybe he needs glasses!
@USER I am with ya I played the beta last night I am a fan since bad company 2 mind you and that shit was fucking awful other than the gunplay which I was fine with the graphics themself are spooky as hell it is too bright for me makes me nauseous
@USER Only Trump could get Liberals to scream bloody hell at open transparency.
12 mysterious and I still think you are face with tears of joy 
 .@USER . But But But all those gun control laws ? http 
warriors coach fundraising for gun control Brady PAC pac golden state warriors steve kerr head coach http http
@USERSStop playing babe. You know you love it when I talk Trump with you. Now go put on that ANTIFA dress i like. You are going to get it tonight!
@USERS Yeah she is a real blond just like Uncle Donnie
@USER You should KO her like Damigo did to that ANTIFA girl at Berkeley. Then blow her a kiss as she's going down.
@USER LIAR!. see Clarence Thomas confirmation. this was never about the lie!.it was always a delay tactic.nothing more.disgusting liberals and the Game they call 'politics'
@USER Lmfaoo! loudly crying face bitch
@USERS She is an alt-left crazy and was discredited by numerous women. All you dems have left is lies. Her name is DR. LIAR.
@USERS Agreed and what I am saying too.
@USERS why do not you release names of all our elected officials that have paid for silence for sexual assault claims done while in office with the fund designated for paying off claims Ford does not know how got home. Maybe attack if happened was by who took her home. 
@USERS All because she referred to POTUS as The Donald . She is now The Jourdan because of that letter. Cc 
@USERS its fake? its from 2 different maps guys
@USERS They're a dying party. Split between Nationalists and conservatives isn't going to hold too much longer. They just have no real cohesive ideology anymore. it is simply my team is better than your team.
@USER Funny how you say anyone who disagrees with you are wrong. So I guess everyone on the left is wrong since I am always right even facts do sometimes go against what I am saying?
@USERS Anyone concerned with mass gun killings should reject gun control outright as unconstitutional. Especially since during the first 80 years of the Twentieth Century alone, governments killed some 170 million people. Facilitated by gun control . 
@USERS Carlson showed us exactly who he is - a slimeball Fox representative. Fox watchers who love his views ate it up. Normal intelligent people were disgusted by his tactics. Loved that Avenatti laughed in his face.
@USERSEven pedophiles in interviews will tell you the only way to stop them is to kill them. Pedophiles even admit to when out of prison they will offend again and that is what keeps them alive in prison. the hope of another opportunity to molest an innocent child. They are sick f cks
@USERS So we should believe this from 40 years ago when the man went to an all boys school. This was a way to try and stop the confirmation and blew up in face. She is a corrupt pos!
@USERS All of this shows just how scared Liberals are of the New that is going to be guided by the Constitution &amp Bill of Rights. They honestly believed they had made them powerless in today's courts. Trump is maga &amp Deplorables are helping. http
@USER Oh dear. Conservatives will implode over this.
@USER Hey Pauly . when the rest of the countries catch up with USA's environmental policies . let us know !
@USER you nasty bitch
@USER 79% say they are the same of better off! maga
@USERS If Brookee Baldwin and Erin Burnett start showing cleavage to their Boobies CNN just might.
@USERS yeah keep mocking her right into a yes vote
@USER I am hoping it is a joke. antifa are morons and have no clue how many people carry backup guns. Their disarm them stunt will make them a lethal threat in most states. Do the math on what will happen. Silly antifa goons
@USERS Typical. When it backfires it is nothing to see here move along. Trump supporters these days are doing the same thing. All this shit Trump is getting called out on. it is nothing to see here move along . 
@USER I guess all of those old white guys DO kinda look alike. winking face face with hand over mouth 
@USER fuckushima-Daiichi wasn't a hurricane. You are comparing apples &amp orangutans.
@USER I do not mind her going to a sleepover! As long she is safe and protected!
@USERS Yet they haven't. How do you know they are actually antifa members and not far right pretending to be violent antifa to make people like you think they are so dangerous. thinking face Hmm
@USER The liberal MSM are the stalkers along with Antifa. vote red to save america
@USERS Cause she is not a democrat
@USER And thank God he did win. There is more money in American workers pocket. More jobs available. Tax breaks for the middle class. We are in an industrial boom where I live. New neighborhoods and schools being built just to handle the people coming in to fill these jobs.
@USERS BS made up by a lying liberal.a cheap filthy whore, whose lies help to undermine REAL WOMEN who are sexually assaulted. But with trashy liberals who cares? right? As long as the end can justify the means? Trashy libs tried same thing with Judge Thomas. Democrats are sick. 
@USER And they have some of the strictest gun control laws in the country? As the saying goes if you ban guns only criminals will have them! Seems to be proving here go get them Chicago.
3. @USER you are my lil baby and I am so proud of you for working as hard as you do. Thank you for still being there for me like you are. you are the sweetest two hearts two hearts do not ever change
@USER David stop it with your logical connections. True journalists like you are not in vogue.
@USERS This is the ONLY acceptable way to end sex
@USER bitch if you do not message him
@USERS Whenever I see Get out there and vote it makes me think liberals are trying to rally their voters because historically have much lower turnout numbers than ers. Then I see it is about Asians and think to myself Hell they just might vote Republican! -p 
7-1 7 I aM nOt CrYiNg YoU aRe loudly crying face loudly crying face http
 @USER After they guna spell it like Frida face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER Congrats love! You are proof that with enough courage and determination you can literally overcome anything. Thank you for being a beacon of hope to everyone. love-you gesture medium-light skin tone yellow heart 
@USERS I think you have nailed it. She does not want to be under oath.#MAGA
@USER Aww she is so beautiful as always
@USERS They on their bullshit
@USER He is so stupid
@USER Trump and Rudy talk not finding collusion in all stories that have nothing to do with collusion. They know it has been found. 
@USER You are basically exploiting people with fear of spiders and you know there are a lot of them so you that is why you stole that pic to scare people who are arachnophobia
@USER You are still on that Trump train to nowhere! thumbs down 
@USER Andrew . what is your position on gun control in Canada ?
@USERS So many issues facing Australian voters but the single obsession of Australian Conservatives is bullying transgender children. http
@USERS Trump publicly lusted for his daughter and GOP still elected him. Let's stop pretending that morality or decency means jack shit to conservatives.
@USER Law enforcement gets to carry around semi-automatic guns and make judgment calls about who lives and who dies based solely on race and appearance. Gun control arguments NEVER EVER take into account police brutality.
@USERS She is talking about herself dude.ignored.
@USER Crazy people do not care what they use. I suppose you leftist who says to bad it wasn't a gun. Sounds like you are disappointed he did not. That way you can scream gun control.
@USER who's the loser bitch! you! fuck you maga http
@USER what a joke he is.
13 teachers and students blasted in Wisconsin with 12-gauge Winchester 1300 pump-action shotgun. The NRA blames gun control laws.
@USER Glad no one watches her!
@USER maga baby!
@USERS Is that all you've got? NDP and liberals will grasp at anything to get attention. Sure am enjoying watching the meltdown. 
@USERS You never expect Nikki Haley in your mentions but then there she is
@USER Misplaced anger does not make the lies about taking a knee true. Sorry for her loss but she is WRONG.WRONG.WRONG
 1 or Resists newest tactic against conservatives. They have decided to trend disarmthem And advocates attempting to take a weapon from people open carrying. 1. open carry hopefully has retention on their holster. 2. This is likely to result in being fired upon by 2nd party. 
@USER He had to fuck up. You can only give a guy so many chances no matter how talented he is
@USERS Says the little commie thot. I bet that $20 is more than your hourly rate
@USER he is going to end up having a massive heart attack and never find out how the election went.
@USERS You are seriously so despicable. How can you even look you kids in the eye.
 @USER Barf over the squishy self-righteous source. that is the whole deal with TBC. They're young and dumb history major conservatives who've swallowed the SJ BS and like to hand wave. I'll assume without further evidence Prager is lame. 
@USER More I think about this one--it feels like a story trap. people go nuts and complain--talk about gun control which Cruz could then use to fire up his base claiming that they want to take away 2A rights all because of a couple of shells.
.it will be hard to believe any female accusers.ever again.especially liberals who lie for personal and political gain. http
@USER Me brother
@USER Be still. And know you are being prayed for . http
@USERS Could you clarify what specific lies or fake news you believe that she is propagating and your sources to verify her information was false?
@USER The Liberals opposing liberalism? woman shrugging selector http
@USER .another maga Making Attorneys Get AttorneysGuess he does not believe his own innocence.#PostponeTheVote
@USER do not face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER big if true
@USER Whenever you conservatives whine Kavanaugh is being appointed fast enough all I think of is Garland never getting a hearing for a year so just shhh hypocrites
@USER can you share my twtich? Trying to make that shit work out http
@USERS Awesome tweet. You bring out the best in people and you are appreciated. Thanks for yesterday's many live updates and live coverage and that was just one news story!
@USER Thank you for seeing the light. stop kana va ugh PLEASE VOTE NO. HE is NOT OK! Help SAVE our DEMOCRACY United States 
 @USER The comments that we should pity her because she is obviously not mentally well piss me off to no extent. If a POC did this they would not be concerned about their mental well being. 
@USER But you are much prettier . sun with face 
@USER ! Compared to whom? Kerry? Obama? Clinton? Booker? Harris? REALLY?
@USER I am sooo happy you are a Gator! crocodile blue heart crocodile blue heart crocodile 
@USER Brilliant idea! if only conservatives ran Netflix.
@USER are you guys going to play She Is beautiful tonight?
@USER We love you Kayla and we're glad you are okay
@USERS Libertarians and conservatives working together to achieve authoritarianism.shock. The name PPC similar to PRC sure was a good choice for them.
@USERS Chris Burns you are a fascist. Nothing more than that.
@USER Yeahh to be honest most that do are weirdos and think about sex in a very weird way.
1 or 7 fire fire fire CONSERVATIVES SUDDENLY REALIZE JUVENILE OFFENDERS DESERVE LENIENCY The president regularly refers to teenage gang members as animals, and has, in the past, called for imposing the death penalty on alleged teen rapists. . http
@USER The fact that we believe that these are the only two conservatives with a shred of decency is deeply disturbing. Even more disturbing is that I do not believe either of them do either. Still does not hurt to try.
@USER Sorry you are a socialist! I contributed to Ted Cruz! Sick of liberals
@USER Had you radical liberals supported President Bush's plan to allow YOUNG people to invest 2% and only 2% of the Social Security into the private marketplace we may be solvent by now!
@USER He is. face with tears of joy face with rolling eyes 
@USER please draw stupid sexy nezha and nidus over the shoulder or something.
@USER He needed his brains on the sidewalk
@USERS No. She is a liar.
@USERS I would temporarily change parties if the Republican party would Primary agent orange with a REAL, Republican, Conservative. That would MAGA! At least a great start. 
FU emmys hosts for insinuating my vote was wrong or illogical. I voted for Trump because I am tired of the typical political nonsense the swamp Just because you do not agree with my vote does not mean that it does not count. political colin jost michael che maga
Join me in boycott emmys maga
@USERS Sure , because THEY are being exposed for their filth &amp constant coverups of ABUSE! Why do a vow of celibacy &amp purity? Maybe, its just a giant sleaze fest at the Vatican &amp elsewhere. Just Join the priesthood if your a pedo, so you can have permission to abuse? truth justice
@USER What shitty wipers you have
@USER Agree transparency release the documents maga
@USERS I'd love to see an Alan Moore takedown of EVS. Only issue is I am 100% certain Alan Moore does not know who he is.
ji yoon fact She is the father of the group.
@USERS He IS 10x. REAL ONES know Kuniva. He'd rip anyone apart right NOW. Studio or street.
@USER The Liberals have used and abused the African American and any other group that comes in contact with them this just an extension of their corrupt and ruthless ways of trying to get power .The me too .So called movement has been reduced to a tool
@USER War on Conservatives never stops.
 @USER But the wicked like the troubled sea, when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and dirt. no peace, saith my God, to the wicked. Isaiah 57 20-21 
56 million defenseless people were rounded up and exterminated in the 20th Century because of gun control.
@USER holy fuck
@USER Right now the Supreme Court is divided 4 liberals 4 conservatives which means important rulings are coming up and they need Kavanaugh vote .and it is trumps ticket to freedom and it is the GOP ticket to further their agenda
 @USER Agree! She is THE rock star for the ages. Proof? I am old and love Pink. Her So What video is hilarious and brimming with strong woman attitude. And, she can actually sing as opposed to most of the wannabes out there now. THE BEST! 
 @USER Being the good Christian that he is, he asked God to spare his properties. Virginia beach was only slightly impacted. You know the 700 club prayer, God spare me and mine, to hell with everybody else . 
@USER Yeah. face with raised eyebrow fake news maga trump walk away http
 oh my god bobby brown sister leola h brown is not having it with bet bobby roe story she is calling out his ex-wife for fabrication and lies celebnmusic247 celebrity news breaking news news the bobby brown story http http
@USER Antifa members have to be their 1 clients.
@USER he is talking as though Pres. Trump if failing at every turn. Actuality is totally opposite. Get a grip you fool!
@USER Schools should be beautiful places where safety is not threatened and it shouldn't have to be built like a vault simply because we chose to not consider gun control.
q a non maga Q Drop 2236 http http
@USER Disco pose with white dude overbite look. Classic 70s dance move.
 .like a great drum in a mother's chest, the anthem of a peaceful army. I am guessing Anthem is the song Josh wrote for his mother. he is said in interviews that she is where his philosophy comes from. 
@USER Interesting-cause you leftists not only threaten us-but regulary shoot or stab us. I wonder if maybe Mr. Swalwell isn't all-in on the violence toward conservatives. He certainly always seems to ignore or suppor it ANTIFA for instance .
@USERS That and racist! Imagine if it was a black woman that accused him of the same. I should probably keep that to myself because i can see some Dems seeing this somehow and thinking how can we make this even worse on Kavenaugh? Got it! 
@USERS She is going to support Trump. Raise to replace. it is coming anyway. She is angry because her oral tapdance substantive betrayal shtick no longer is working .
@USERS I am assuming he will be able to pay 92k in fees out of a 255k salary next year? I think that woul be a negative unless the Koch bros pay it for him. He is bought and sold by them.
@USER Its not like your not sharing the water! Un fucking real. pouting face 
@USER Happy Birthday Mrs Aggers - hope you are having a great day http
@USER She is so alert! Babies aren't always so aware.
@USER Get ya booty to texas
@USERS Peter.look at your liberal self making no sense.It is just a little suspicious that everyone making last minute claims against Kavanaugh are Trump hating liberals.And of course they have zero proof of anything.Just like Their collusion obsession.
@USER He is vile.
@USER Varda is my fav valar. She is badass I bet melkor agrees with me also 
@USER You are out of order today fam LMFAO
tuesday thoughts Why do Democrats and liberals feel so compelled to stop a conservative judge like Kavanah to the Supreme Court? Democrats favor upholding any and every immoral law in this country. Who would prefer evil instead of doing what is good?
@USERS Botox treatments?
@USER god I do not know how Your did not punch Carole at the reunion. She is a smug asshole. I know you are dealing with a lot. I hope you are well.
@USER Holy shit which sears?
@USER Yeah! You cannot just wing cooking! There's all kinds of measurements you need to follow otherwise it'll end up tasting like garbage.
@USERS Liberals will melt face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS ATTENTION! A North Carolina Twitter User. is publicizing an ANTIFA TARGET LIST with the names of high profile AND everyday Trump supporters. Twitter has been informed. They have NOT suspended this account. Check out his Lists . 
@USER If we lose tomorrow we r fucked. Tomorrow is our season . Too tough a schedule to drop one like this
@USER But. you are gamestop
@USER Everyone who is against this is called a Nazi by Antifa scum and politicians.
@USERS Please stop calling the losers Elite 
@USERS do not usually do Twitter conversations but my point was Dana may be kind of woman who does not want to help other woman wants to be THE prima donna &amp so does not care about developing next-gen girls.She is against gun control &amp isn't bothered by school shootings-must not like kids
 @USER Not going to have much choice when people keep waking up and start voting against you. What exactly is an antifa meeting? Can you describe what and antifa is? 
@USER this isn't me disagreeing this is me basically saying that i hope you are right but if you are i will spontaneously combust
 @USER You know what will make this professor even woker ? If he is a gun control nut. 
@USER This has gone on for too long. in my opinion Trump wants him to meet with them and he had been trying to help Trump reach a. Peace deal until this blows over and he is able to tell the world that they was lying to everyone in order to trick certain people until they could take them down.
@USERS Hey you never walk alone You got the best of me I am the one I should love in this world Take my hand now you are the cause of my euphoria I am learning how to love myself And the list just keeps growing! 
@USER Hmm.thoughts maga
@USERSlived experienced is evidence of course. Not sure you are implying I am dismissing such? And that of my own?
@USERS Listen here lady my tweet was about the fact that I am sick of hearing about trump every time I listen to news. I do not know where the fuck you get off trying to spin it in to some sort of racial situation! YOU are part of the problem. Stop turning shit in to something it is not.
@USER Right on Shaft. He is SHAFTICUS !
@USERS You are in the spirit Bless you face with tears of joy 
@USER This is actually a bad argument considering that conservatives stood by Clarence Thomas too.
@USER hey Taravat are you interested to meet with an immigration lawyer please let me know he will help you out to get your citizenship to get your canadien citizenshop he is one of the best of the best lawyer ever.
ny18 Faso NRA scores 2016 NRA - Candidate Positions on Gun Rights 93% 2000 NRA Political Victory Fund - Lifetime Score A+ 1998 NRA Political Victory Fund - Positions on Gun Rights A++ 1997 New Yorkers Against Gun Violence - Gun Control Score 0% http
@USERS index pointing up selector this is why Conservatives and law abiding citizens do not come to the table about gun control. It not about lunatics like this guy that should no longer own weapons. Its about removing all guns slowly but surely from everyone regardless of who they are. http
1.Boris Johnson does not care about family. Forced abortion of his child by mistress. Daughter says he is a selfish bastard. Betrayed and divorced 2 women. r4 today
@USER what the fuck aren't they treating antifa as terrorism?
@USER After the GOP wins the mid-terms easily there will be no reason we do not put on the masks and grab weapons to go all antifa on people like you clowns have been doing. Going to be so much fun!
@USER She is stunning!
@USER Hate to break it to Mr Billionaire NFL owner but he is wrong. The optics of this protest are terrible for the NFL and jeopardizes their long-term viability.
@USER The same is with Union Teachers. That is why Our Children Learn Zero and are Brain Washed by Liberals. Vote to STOP IT NOW.
@USER do not worry hun I will be sharing this everyone needs to see this talent! rainbow flag selector revolving hearts 
@USERSI am an Antifa Angel who has come to set the Dregs and Deplorables Free. Free from caring what losers think about you. http
@USERS Did you hear that had a game taken away from her because she called an official a theif after he took a point and he only took a game away from her because she is a woman and he'd never have done that to a man? Would love to hear your thoughts on this
@USER oh my god yessss!
@USERS I wish they'd keep in up through the elections. Especially Antifa.
@USERS And what does this have to do with a lying attorney and a 35 year old claim? I know it is hard for you liberals to look at two things at once
@USER He needs to Either Pick Politics or Singing . Either way He Stinks at Both!
A videographer who reported on the violence of Antifa was found dead due to a tragic car accident. Police now believe his death was no accident at all. Welcome to the tolerant left. http
@USER I know what that storm is going to do.but those photos are just the shit brother.
@USER But she is hecking cute fluffer
@USER Looks like ANTIFA thugs.
@USERS He needs more gun control! face with tears of joy 
@USERS So why are we focused on getting illegal immigrants out of the country more than we are worried about fixing the loopholes in gun control?
@USERSLook at the pot calling the kettle black. Liberals have been pulling all sorts of stunts trying to get rid of your or my or our President ever since Hillary hilariously lost the election.
@USERS He will lose his entire career? You people are despicable. I know you do not believe in god but hell will be filled with liberals like you and Dianne
@USER I have never Skyped with Wa before if you are interested in Skyping with ct! Message me!
@USER The one thing mr Morrison has achieved is to demonstrate how unsuitable he is to the role.
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http knew Jeremy Hunt had such language skills OK hand United Kingdom Japan You'll want your sound on speaker high volume http
work jams @USER because she is everything buy it http
@USERS He is treason. He went to Iran for what? To beg Iran to give them the treasons more time to get the power back so they can keep giving tax payers $$ to Iran the terrorists leader.
@USER Hopefully this kind of outrageous behavior will motivate Senator Collins to vote FOR the appointment of Judge Kavanaugh. Disgraceful libtards.
@USER Yeah . Niggas who dey wear durag nor dey joke. Hard as fuck
@USERS stop this BS. A woman murdered him in his own home! This is so incredibly irresponsible and I am outraged that you are blaming the victim who is a black man. What does him having weed have anything to do with his murder in his own home?
@USERS Antifa. Yeah it is a fringe organization. Just like those wastes of humanity I grew up around. Most of them ended up meth heads and junkees. Some are republican alt-right activists. I guess we're all a product of our environment.
@USER Can I take you to lunch when you are in Germany?! beauty
@USERS Wow! Why are liberals heads EXPLODING over the TRUTH finally coming out! BEST NEWS EVER! Americans FINALLY GET TO FIND OUT THE TRUTH! The and under was the MOST CORRUPT EVER! maga
@USERS The reason you do not get my point is you do not understand what the Priesthood or Holy Orders is as a Sacrament. I can only do so much re educating people about the Catholic Faith. Try the Catechism of the Council of Trent.
@USERS Can publishers do that?
@USER Brian so sorry for your loss But she is probably with Grandpa looking down on all of you with a huge smile So sorry but God wanted her to
@USER And I'll argue all fucking day long because I am hundred points % RIGHT!
@USERS Great connection!
@USERS He is here. Every one on council is here.
@USER You are one of the best teachers I know my friend!
@USERS ATTENTION. is publicizing an ANTIFA TARGET list of Trump supporters. Some names are high profile and many are random Trump supporters. PLEASE report him to Twitter! They have NOT suspended his account. Chick the list for YOUR name under Lists . 
@USER Yeah because godless liberals hate truth an facts
@USERS FASCISTS OF THE FUTURE WILL CALL THEMSELVES ANTI FASCIST. ANTIFA COMES TO MIND.
@USERS Take the gun violence in the cities that already have strict gun control and it is extremely low. Gun crime has decreased at the same time gun ownership has increased.
@USERS thank god for the PPC party eh true conservatives who believe in getting out of the Paris accord and dropping supply and demand on Dairy
@USERS Thank you sm!
@USERS Music?
@USERS How many liberals will believe Hillary's explanation? She was the one who worked with Russia on Uranium One plus other questionable activities that should be investigated.
@USER And zero accomplishments
@USER As Catholics RUN from Parrishes
@USER She is the absolute worst! elizabeth holmes the ran os 60 minutes So happy cms SHUT this fraud down!
@USERS Just please do not let Cruz get away with the he is a tax and spend liberal racist dog whistle crap fire back with facts and call him out on bs
@USER We do not need gun control. We need White Male control.
@USER great ending. Modern antifa is THE most embarrassing movement since Nu Metal in the late 90s. These kids will look back the same way ex limp biscuit fans do and say what the fuck was I thinking!?!
@USER TIRED
@USER Boycott
@USERS which is funny because that is exactly what the problematic members of ANTIFA An officially recognized terrorist group want.
@USERS No longer believe a single word that the despicable woman utters - A liability to our nation and 
@USER And Donald Trump will never be President
@USERS She is now in zim from Midrand let's wait and see
@USER You are not pretty face blowing a kiss 
 .those who stayed put over the past 12 months-according 2 the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. maga
@USERS That was in the mid-80s for God's sake. I suppose next you'll be blaming Gordon Brown's gross errors on Churchill's taking us back onto the Gold Standadd.
@USER You are most definitely not a man of God.
@USER He really needs to go. Talks out of both sides of his mouth. Kiss ass !
@USER They both stink but I prefer Andriese. One good thing is he is not stretched out so he will only go 3 innings or so. Somehow Torey will still leave him in to long though.
@USER Bite
@USER I think she is my favorite. God I need to get back to that game! But Dragon Quest 11 has me right now face with tears of joy 
 2 or 2 More from Mark Judge,Kavanaugh's brother liberals are trying to take our fun away. Brent Musburger cannot call a hot girl hot. Obama wants to outlaw guns because it is all about the children.The children,the children.No one can belch because of the f cking children http 
@USERS also trump IS a fascist- LITERALLY. the central Government thing for anyone always seems to depend upon who's running it. magas are fine with fascist trump and liberals were fine with obama. my ideas about good Government are a bit different. of course i did admit to being a quaker.
@USER Hillary was counting chickens before they were hatched remember?
leftism Please conform to the groupthink of your designated interest or ethnic group. Independent thought helps conservatives.
@USER He is a big nerd it seems.
@USERS 00000 where on fb?
@USERS do not let the MSM keep calling it a second referendum. As there will be a Remain in EU option it is really a people's Vote. One problem with 3 options could be just over 1 or 3 is bigger than just under 2 or 3. Perhaps 2 stages would be better.
@USERS No. No it is not. Well maybe in deep blue lib controlled CA with some of the strictest gun control laws in the nation which does not apply the law to illegals.
@USER does not myth mean something that isn't true? thinking face . hmmmm . hollyweird liberals should stick to make believe world. dummies backhand index pointing down http
@USER maga their podcastful is about blockchainful. but it'sful about what it meansful to bewise working mothersful who are trying to makewise.
@USERS Yep he is.Somebody is going down. may finally be exposed.
@USER 6 for his last 30 with 12 K's and he is catcher that cannot CATCH!
McCabe and Mr. Mueller - Unindicted Co-Conspirators in Anti-Trump Coup - American Thinker http maga pj net trump train lock her up comey co my gate comey should be indicted http TW115
@USERS You are an embarrassing citizen!
@USER Blatantly Lie Much
@USER it is all you need to complete your ANTIFA look.
@USER Seems hard to believe that you stood next to a guy wearing those shorts and did not masturbate but I'll take your word for it
@USERS Dad's army
@USERS Be very careful because you are in danger of pushing maps back into the closet.
@USERS I could care less about his viewpoints as he is NOT a hero of mine and I prefer a more scholar-like man in conservatism such as X.Not everyone has to take his stance as heroic and may look to other leaders to define what a hero is. You do not get to think for other people
@USERS locomotive maga patriot q a non walk away wwg1wga gods army the great awakening jesus lives United States catch the red wave vote red PLEASE SIGN TO REMOVE CONSERVATORSHIP THAT OBAMA PUT ON FANNIE MAE &amp FREDDIE http
@USER Update Feinstein's Anonymous BS letter has FAILED too. She is not Spartacus either. http
@USER She is perfect in every way!
@USERS YOOOOO I did not know you had a son. that is awesome. Look how focused he is. grinning face with big eyes 
 @USER Ok - you hear about the superman thing all the time. And you are certainly busy, but, this could be an EXCELLENT opportunity to step in, in the movies for him as Cavill is steping down! http 
.Congratulations. You are truly the greatest speedster the world has ever known.
@USERS Wow ! no wonder the Liberals only got worse as a party of bullies to women.? no accountability.
@USERS And not all idiots grandstands like he did
@USER Dangerous to ask for supporting facts surrounding an allegation of a crime? Liberals want conservatives to be guilty until proven innocent. So transparent.
@USER Bring on the hypocrite gungrabber. MAGA
@USER bitch call me.
@USER The only thing i did not agree with was the match point he was following the rules i think this was more about her sex honestly all she did was call him a thief and he penalized her shit was wack
@USER I second this they're fucking nuts
@USERS Eric Holder a major embarrassment to law enforcement. you did nothing about those innocent black males killed in those streets. One sorry black brother.
@USER It was litterally the best i could ever ask for you are SO sweet and funny and cute and gorgeous and omygod my heart is full
@USERS because the average American has $500 lying around to buy a new Glock. more likely Mr. Antifa will be using his unemployment check to purchase some dental work or a casket.
@USER I like to see them try. Antifa is listed as domestic terrorism. They should be glad they do not live in the Czech republic.
@USER There she is nibbling in her lower lip and looking upwards at him. do not leave me Stevie. Honestly she did not know what to do without him.
@USER Count me out if that is the way she behaves to represent women
@USERS Easy big fella! You would do the baseball if it was the bravos! 
@USER Wait why did they need a warrant? Is he currently under investigation? Pretty sure he is currently not alive.
@USERS Liberals do not realize that thousands of unaccompanied minors were thrown across the border. who is supposed to take care of them? Angelina Jolie?
A country in which we are happy to hunt constitutional presidents in the desert because the Chancellor is referring to her truth about antifa videos. merkel kratie maassen merkel see hofer http
@USER You are turd revolving hearts 
@USER Even teens that commit proven crimes have their records expunged when they turn 18. Someone please tell me why this is a thing? All I see is one old california hag outing another old california hag against her expressed will. Wonder how much she is being paid? thinking face 
@USERS Fascists &amp Nazis do not abide by patriotic views shared in their presence. Glad the brownshirt arm AntiFa of the left wasn't there to inflict the usual violence vs citizens who dare to speak. Do you hear that, Dems who enjoy wings or beer or country music? you are less-than. walk away
@USER face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy You are the wife http
@USER BITCH I FUCKING FELT THAT SHIT sneezing face skull 
@USER I told you to stop eating my booty that day but nooooo
@USER He should be given 5000 volts!
 @USER This is ANTIFA! &lt kicks man into pit&gt 
@USERSIt really pisses them off hugging face 
@USERS BREAKING 9th Circuit Order To Delete Above Tweet As It Makes Trump Look Like He Knows What He Is Doing
@USERS I know you are not being facetious. You are incapable of understanding contradictions.
@USER Peach is naturally human. Toadette just created a drug to become human. That and Nintendo wanted Peach playable and needed an excuse since in NSMBU she is kidnapped.
80% of women use silence to express pain You know she is truly hurt when she chooses to ignore you
@USER Why cannot ISIS blow up these two assholes?
@USERS What exactly do you mean by common sense gun control you first need to understand firearms how they function what their role is in our constitutional republic and that banning them from law abiding citizens does nothing to protect law abiding citizens.
@USERS Free milk is a health issue not an education one. it is nothing to do with the education budget.
@USERSDo you know what ANTIFA stands for?
@USER Holder is worse than John Gotti or Al Capone. Why? Because neither of them held themselves out as honest law abiding citizens. The only Attorney General in our Nations history that was censored by our Congress.
@USER She is sooooo pretty!
@USER &amp this statement by Jewish Antifa Berlin is so on point &lt 3 http
@USER John kerry is a loser and a traitor to our country. He does not understand that we voted his party out bec we hated the iran deal. He is now working for iran against our Government. At worst he is acting as an agent for a foreign Government &amp if he isn't registered should be investigated
@USERS Donald trump said Mr Cruz is a lying dog you cannot trust him or his wife said his father was involved with shooting president the president in Texas in Dallas America cannot trust him he is a lier then how can he stand up for him down there in Texas campaing
@USERS You will be sadly disappointed as they conservatives are also marxists.they now control a police state.ONLY UKIP WILL SET THE COUNTRY FREE
@USERS How dare you for questioning my service in a little thing called the Vietnam War? France surrendered Vietnam to Snowflake Supremo Ho Chi Minh. Liberals JFK and LBJ went in but refused to fight to win. We should go back to Vietnam to finish the fight. Restore the draft?
@USER Amazing how liberals will believe any lie that supports their agenda. This Ford lady is an out right loony tunes liar. kavanaugh's mother ruled against her parents in court years ago. Ford has scrubbed most of her social media accounts to hide her true leftist activism liar
@USERSGrandmom Anon here. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy http
@USERS He is Satan
@USER he is a psychic ain't he
@USERS You people calling everyone Nazis under the sun becomes tiring and stupid frankly. You people called Zena Bash a Nazi and it turns out she is half Mexican and Polish descent and her family barely escaped death from the Nazis. So keep it up desensitize that word.
@USER And sadly Anna decent fair minded One Nation Conservatives like you seem to be an endangered species in your Party. How can Tory grass roots support a man with Boris Johnson's record on morality and standards? Or a caricature like Mogg?
maryland remember to vote red november 6th. We need to put conservatives in House and Senate to kag and end Government't corruption in Washington. We want to keep economy booming and keep our jobs. http
@USER If It could that shit would be talking to you like BUTCH NOO YOU ALREADY KNOW HE A FUCK BOII BYE
@USER Almost forgot you was a nigga in ya past life 
@USERS You are a Liberal who does not even live in FL.
@USERS Yes he is.
@USERS So proud of the Harper Government for all the good they are doing for Cda today. Good &amp bad it is nice to see the liberals give the conservatives mention.
 @USER Paris Terror Attacks brought to you by Eric Holder on behalf of the Obama Administration. Oh but Gun Control . http 
@USERS I'll toast to me hillary http
@USER fuck you bae
@USERS It used to mean the permanent powers that be , the oligarchy powers. Now, for conservatives it is become like antifa , it is an amorphous, faceless, everchanging cast of characters used to throw shade at anyone who opposes Trump. Jerome Corsi sold this lie best, recently. 
@USER can someone please explain to these liberals that it takes more than clapping and kneeling to actually make a real difference
@USERS I completely believe she will be in GTMO. She is a traitor.
@USERS 3 This is why our politicians must act on strict gun control and robust support for mental health care. Any solution based on fear or greed is simply a fallacy. Thanks for taking these matters seriously.
maga Sing like no one is listening Love like you've never been hurt Vote GOP when no one is watching And do not listen to Liberals' dirt
@USERS The petty semantics regarding ANTIFA. You Are better then that.
@USERS Her life is crappy because she is crappy. And she's threatening to kill everyone. Another nut job.Listen up FBI!
@USERS Because he was and is! He is the one who responded so quickly to what we know now was a false flag attack caused by the Deep State! President Trump couldn't have picked a better lawyer. They have EVERYTHING! q a non never forget maga
@USER We met Ian Sinclair there he does Brook ? from One Piece. I wish I would've known more of the characters the voice actors we met did
@USERS Just block the idiot. he is not even worth this post.
1 Trump NEVER received any contributions from over seas. 2 Obama received over a million but you said NOTHING. fact You should delete your Twitter propaganda. Then get help for Trump Derangement Syndrome. You are the swamp. hardball tucker http
@USERS That so many thoughtful conservatives who rushed to Kavanaugh's defense did not consider their own statements re black teenagers tells you everything about how thoughtful they truly are.
wednesday wisdom Obama appointed liberal Judges tired of looking stupid smacks California law down on gun control 2a http
@USERS Oh I do dream big. I always do. maga And name calling is pretty lame. face with rolling eyes t cot p2 http
@USER As they should be
@USERS Nope. it is clear and you are lying. Also every accusation against known child molester roy moore was true. Conservatives love R apists.
@USER Nah Antifa are good to get killed
@USER Congratulaions. . . who were terrific. . . do not let some fucked up umpire ruin things for you. . . he'd be happy he did.
@USER God he is so easy to play it is embarrassing
@USER Please call the vote. We conservatives also vote in November.
All this talk about Trump's dick allegedly looking like Toad from mario kart This is the only thing that has been accomplished. Only now the libs are picturing a 70 year old man naked. maga http
@USER Do you have any idea how old he is?
@USER Wonder if this will be left biased. never trust a state broadcaster or brainwash kids from the Liberals
@USERS The dems have done this since they were the KKK. Except back then they accused black men of raping white women then lynched them. Same play from the old playbook. Everyone of these liberals crying outrage are fake if they aren't pressuring Ellison to resign.
@USERS . Why do I have to assist so often. Swearer's and Lott's international comparisons and Lancet's 90% drop are equally garbage. http
@USER I am happy to say I reported each video 20 times. I am so glad they were taken down. You are an amazing YouTuber and to have your content stolen is such a large insult to you as a content creator its mind blowing. It was an honor to help such an amazing person!
@USERS 2 or The Democratic Party won't do anything to him because he is Muslim Brotherhood &amp they do not care about Monahan. The Muslim Brotherhood needs to be declared a terrorist organization all of it! Ellison also supports ANTIFA. These people are so foul it is scary!
@USER One added me to a liberals I'd like to slaughter last month. That was fun
@USERSFollowing all maga patriots please follow back thumbs up lions den lion face maga2kag United States 
@USER You are so sweet and adorable oppa beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USER So. Gut. &lt 3 &lt 3 &lt 3 &lt 3
@USER What do you do when you are bored? ask ally
@USER Doubt he is losing much sleep over it. The guy has been a busted flush for 30 years
@USER Aaaahh loudly crying face Scribe uses Run Away because she is tiny and mantis as cool but scary 
@USER psychotic liberals fake media &amp RINOS are walking on thin ice when they forget that real Americans .the ones who put Trump in the White House will never allow them to take him out of the White House. by the way.thanks for this kavanaugh B.S.-insures WE WILL VOTE! WE ARE SICK OF DC!
 @USER can you even imagine being a loser, said Lil' Antifa. 
@USER Holder is guilty of multiple offenses.
@USER Fuck it. Just do it 
@USER face with tears of joy yep truly she is a paragon of beauty.
@USERS Here he is 
@USER what is this? We do not want your $2 tacos we want fucking gun control. Are you seriously trying to capitalize off this tragedy? http
@USER because he made guys dumb as SHIT
@USER Ouch. She is horrible.
@USERS You want to rephrase that? I think you are talking about the U6 number?
@USER Can you answer one question ? If you find out she is lying and that it was a set up will you still defend your party
@USER Maybe it is because you are special smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USERS But he is a dildo!
tuesday thoughts Seems like Twatter has released the Kraken on Conservatives posting today. WONDER WHY? http
@USERS He lived in a country with no gun control. Sad but true slightly frowning face 
@USERSYou are too modest winking face with tongue 
@USER surely he is a saint of these latter days
@USERS Words.Words. Monday is a different day.
pug chat Just wanted to let you know I may not be able to see my pugchat buddies tonight. Grandma is working late plus she is going by the bakery to order the cake for my mom's birthday this weekend. slightly smiling face 
@USER goodluck! you are my bet ! emmys
@USERSDo you support antifa like Gilbert does?
And yet I see daily Antifa doxing without any suspensions whatsoever. Not to mention CNN doxxing and threatening a meme creator. http
@USER I got this
@USERS Both Labour &amp Lib Dems are 'Remain' parties. If you want to leave the EU the only option is the Conservatives. Just saying.
@USER Treason he should hang he has no business even trying this who the F does he think he is Trump needs to Lock him up fast
@USER Another turd gone from ESPN. Maybe one day we can watch sports on the channel
@USERS Be coo you got people thinking I really eat ass bitch face with tears of joy 
@USERS So you think you are going to politically assassinate Kavanaugh and hurt his family so deeply that he will not become a justice of United States. We conservatives win! I understand you are frightened.
@USERS Elder and Owen have been the bravest in pointing out that the culture is part of the problem. Liberals have engrained this short lived culture. Culture can change and will being black does not have to be linked to poverty and resistance.
@USER Did MAGA hack your twitter ?
@USER She is so smart.
@USER Ok but please understand that I am not one of dubakoor mumtaj dubakoor army. I only support her for certain things. I get what you are saying and I do not understand how she has survived from up to this point. For me she is not fit for title winner.
love for jess I might not know her but many people do so spread the word in hopes that she is.
@USER Trying to justify a death after the fact with a small amount of dope. Fuck. Stop fucking killing people. Get some damn gun control so cops do not feel like every house or apartment they go into could potentially have a gun. Scared people do unpredictable things.
@USER Aw boo you are the BEST mom sparkling heart 
@USER Ya take advantage of the monuments standing stately around our nation because if the liberals continue they will be no more
@USER We have the real facts.you suck pussy grabber MOTHER Fucker
@USER You have to admit. These Democrats know how to fleece the dollars out of other Democrats. Stormy has made huge profits from D's flooding strip clubs to stick a dollar in her G. Liberals are the easiest in our society to fool.
@USERS You say you are part of the resistance so I am fairly certain you are pro-gun control. My question to you is.Why would you want a Government headed by this so called dictator to enact stricter gun control? I do not think that is an argument that'll get you very far. 
@USERS And she is obviously trying to be cardi! She's desperate http
 @USER Russia agent Fake-Republican Devin Nunez says liberals, antifa are causing all of these riots because we are whinning 
@USER More than that how low she is thumbs down 
@USERS You are brave and have nothing to feel guilty about. You did what you needed to survive. Thank you for your courage.
@USER Very simple.More gun control ads equals more guns sold. The gun illiterates aren't smart enough to figure this out
@USER If you cannot give me stitches when I get cut then you are NOT a doctor. I do not give 2 shits how long you went to school. The End!
@USERS that is funny I do not care who you are
@USERS One imagines you are being sarcastic. One worries that you are not.
@USER I am not apart of Antifa foxy. I agree with you they are terrorsits
@USER it is different when they are trying to argue with you why you are wrong for believing in a different god. I am all for respecting their religion but i deserve respect back
@USER PIRATES OF DARK WATER! there's another one that I loved and wondered how the story would have turned out if it had been allowed to finish
@USER I do not know if I feel sorry for you or should I block you because you keep going over the same thing. You have no read a thing or you are a remainer. Still do not mater I've answered all your questions &amp you have done nothing
@USER Discussing!
@USER Epic fail on that front. Hopefully she will succeed in the future.
@USERS Mbappe is bang average.would shit bricks in PL.glad for him he is in a league which is absolute joke
Yes! Please! maga confirm kavanaugh vote red to save america http
@USERS Liberals do not care who they destroy and leave in their wake! http
@USERS Saw 6 female supporters of the Judge K on Fox! Awesome women!Conservatives rightly fear harassment and threats of physical harm for speaking out publicly today.Few people trust journalists not to TWIST what they say. Happened to me twice. I learned!
@USER Shit jamming Ju
@USERS He is a failure in every way possible.
@USERS Antifa aren't fascist They're terrorist
@USERS Quite possible. You are very right to be skeptical. But one has to start somewhere !
@USER you are from my state. What is your view on gun control?
@USER You are perfect OK hand 
@USERS I turn the tv off when Juan speaks. He is a real sicko.
@USERS Ol'Bob sez.White existence is a Crime ! Alrighty then.another Country to scratch off the Tourist Destination List South Africa can now join Cuba, Venezuela and the entire European Union. I am liking Poland more and more everyday, even Russia now, just to piss off liberals! 
@USERS Talk about the pot calling the kettle black. You should be ashamed of your cash payoffs to Iran &amp of you helping Iran to become a necular power. It would be better if you just set your sales and gave us all a big wave goodby. will clean up your mess. http
@USER Colored people should vote! What color is she referring to? I am white and bright! White is a color. Next racial dividing statement Ms Obama.
@USER Also Puerto Rico is a island add in the middle of the Atlantic and people have nowhere to go. If a big enough hurricane comes through there everyone could die.
@USERS Forgotten? His reboot on Fox starts in less than 2 weeks. Guess you are out of the loop watching fake news all the time. walk away
@USER Hey Doug. We had a large amount of contacts recently. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. Are you referring to your tweet about the blue screen crash on PS4?
@USER Go away
@USER Wassamatta? Starting to wet your pants? Worried about all your dirty deeds coming out? Concerned about not getting a view cell at gitmo maga kag2020 drain the deep state walk away democrats 2018 liberalism is a mental disease
@USER no prob! She is really well made!
@USERS Target is brilliant with this. Keep an eye out esp online as there's online only shit that is amazing because 1. Autumn so oranges! and also target on thanksgiving or Black Friday is THEE place to stock tf up on sheets for the YEAR.
@USER All I see is this when I see this guy http
@USERS Truly. Anything to avoid gun control.
@USER Have a bacon double cheeseburger .or ten
@USERS Are you living in Gaza? because I do not think you are
@USERS How Funny.#WNBA Championship Winners Won't Visit Stupidity Of Liberals Is So Amazing.And That Face With The Plastic Stupidity Proves It.Oh.Right.She Might Harm Her Little Face.Whats Next.Complete Body Armor.
@USERS You are a member of 40 years aren't you? Surely that means he abused you? I mean I know you do not understand idioms but this is next level ignorance
@USERS I believe he is doing great with the is finding out how hard it is to actually work with a team that cannot cheat and get away with it.what a terrible place to find that out.the A-hole of America
Absolutely all fucking done. Bye Felicia http
@USER Exactly so shut up
@USER I am praying he is caught in every illegal activity that he is involved in! He has a very explosive anger issue! he is like a child that throws a dangerous tantrum when someone does not agree with him. I wonder how he treats women?
@USERS fix this shit!
@USERS No. He is actually bald
@USERS I watch Obama for as long as I can stomach him just for the laughs he approves himself to be Even more of a narcissist every day! He is so full of himself a.k.a. full of shit! hang him
@USER Thanks for all you are doing to MAGA!
@USER Would you rather name your next kid - if it is a boy - Dominique or Matthew?
@USER Holder is a real quality guy. Wouldn't know the truth if it hit him in the face
@USER Clinton's will get you
16 year old stabbed in Dagenham this evening and the liberals are worried about data protection. c4 news
@USERSFollowed
@USER I hope this turns out to be everything the Liberals want and then some. I can handle the truth no matter which way it leads I hope they can do the same.
@USER And 15 is probably all they know about. Please tell me he is still in jail. Or better yet dead. You are such a strong woman. I am so sorry that happened to you.
@USER The guy who does not watch wrestling will have no idea who he is.
@USER Fuck you I'll put hot sauce on a slice of pizza again for you
@USER I am astounded that conservatives hold her up as some kind of intellectual. What a failure.
@USERS He is a genius!
 Rs Marsha Blackburn and Martha McSally are going to be just fine in their Senate races in Arizona and Tennessee. do not BELIEVE THE fake news SUPRESSION POLLS! maga trump red wave midterms
@USER Well actually we're better off. Just to say the FEMA asl Guy is my hero. He is the total package. I do not understand sign but I completely got what he was signing.
@USER Reading this thread it sure seems like your followers aren't for gun control after all Jimmy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
Thanks God! maga http
North Korea is being dealt with! NSA hackers have targeted my determined friend Kim Sonnuva-Gun 's computers with a virus that prevents you from killing any active process until it runs to completion no quitters allowed maga
@USER Hell no!
@USERS Let's gooo! Shittin on nubes
@USER He is the DBA. I had a quiet word with him afterwards about v$datafile
 @USER GIVE ME A FUCKING MIC 
@USER Weird how Antifa thugs attacking regular people aka the far right never gets reported. No wonder Sky News's ratings have plummeted by 37% since 2012.
@USER I plan on it
.this obvious hit job on kavannah is not going to work.and the liberals continue to reveal themselves as demonic figures. http
@USERS Come on Texans! This man can not replace EVER! maga2018
@USERS Why? Because you are too busy spreading hate with your TDS? I am sure you feel fine ridiculing children of conservatives. You represent everything that is wrong in the education brainwashing system.
@USER have you ever served this country other than be elected? Because that is not the same! Have you ever put your life on the line for others?! I am one of the Dregs Of Society! dregs of society United States #MAGA
@USER B.S. How much fake data has big pharma fed you. You are penalizing adults who vaping has helped. You have a far bigger problem with teen alcohol sales and flavored wine coolers. Try reading a legit study. http
@USERS Assuming that he made the statement Antifa is not an organization with a spokesperson. It is a diverse group. Bray cannot justly claim that he represents Antics. I ask again Who is Antifa in your opinion? How are they organized? Do they reckognize Bray as their spokesperson?
@USERS Foolhardy . think of the institution . the court needs to stand athwart public opinion as it did in Dred Scott, Plessy v. Ferguson, Cumming v. Board of Ed, plus a few late-in-our-history decisions that liberals think were revolutionary even if they were 100 yrs late 
@USERS Great. Here's how today has gone Floris wanted to spank me. Leah wanted to stab me. Curtis won't back me up. Adam still looks great at 67 or however old as fuck he is. KL has a bigger dick than me but she's a she.he thinking face .she?!? http
@USER be yourself they love you for who you are x
@USERS Looks like a whole lot of adults need to get a grip on life. It also appears to me that people who experience loss in life you learn to except it on any level. I truly feel sorry for people who have missed out on this development in life. folded hands medium skin tone 
 @USER this pesky first amendment only applies to the radical left when it is there opinion. Otherwise they become very violent when others attempt to speak. Look to the campus's and ANTIFA for proof. 
@USERS I can understand her wanting her title but all that whining and pissing and moaning stop talking and start getting it done enough already you are a coward when you got to beat somebody when they're not looking
@USERS face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy thanks for the history lesson. Excuses and talking about past games make today even better. You are only as good as your last game.
@USER They're referred to as antifa
@USER He think it is a coop. And he is trapped inside. But seriously I do not know why no one has considered that anonymous could be a family member. My money is on Jared. He has nothing to lose and everything to gain. To position himself after this fiasco.
@USER so she was to put her happiness on hold for him to get himself together. she is not the cause of his passing he overdosed. if anything he was his own destruction. you cannot put the blame on her no one can. plus I am pretty sure she is just a messed up about his death as anyone.
@USERS Students who do not vote are literally giving their votes to those who do not respect their race gender gun free schools gun control their over charged student loans clean water for drinking bathing Climate denying polluters All students must vote no complain after its too late
@USER I am sorry Dana that you have to hear from such sick mental patient liberals! They are so pathetic! I support you 100 percent
 @USER So she is using the feminist card as a excuse for her behavior in not getting what she wanted when the other competitor that she played was a A WOMAN who just was simply better than her today. Every woman in that room who applauded to that nonsense I feel sad for you. 
@USER it is hard to really say at this point in his career. He is still so young. Let's see how his jr season plays out before we start judging him. I have a feeling he is going to earn a spot on Canada's WJC team. I think that could go a long way.
@USER BS. people died in PR because the local Government is corrupt.
 ,.Criminal Complicity in ALL OF THIS MESS! --- Last night, Mr. Gregg Jarrett appeared on Hannity !,.He is Always Incredible, and He made Another Great point when He reminded All Of US that Starting an illegitimate Investigation is a Crime ! --- TRUTH IS COMING OUT MUELLER! 
@USER do not forget my girl Hillary she is doing the happy dance tonight face with tears of joy http
@USER You ready for crazy ass racing tomorrow?
@USERS What do you expect from The likes of Eric Erickson. . HE is a Piece of Crap.
men either She is a liar. Clear as day a liar. http
@USER Most Americans find any of this hard to believe.30 plus yrs later. Another Justice Thomas hit job by the media and liberals?
@USERS Oh and how can I forget? He created the greatest American economy in decades. One where no matter who you are or what color your skin is you have a better chance of having a job instead of a Government handout.
@USERS allows actual Islamic terrorists to recruit on Twitter despite repeated attempts to have them removed.
@USERS I am sure they are Pro Life Conservatives. Keep up the great work Chelsea we need you. 
@USERS Damn right. http http
@USERS gfy .the NFL should get no protection from the police.and no support from our military.the league will slowly die on this road of shame!
@USERS Invite to all of the shows and let her tell you about her interview with Brock Long. Then you will know why cult45 politburo sounds so unhinged. He is parroting the FEMA administrator line of BS. tried to fight back against Long's BS
@USER ah yes straight edge anime girls my on weakness
@USERS Soo Sweet! Eliza you are amazing you opened her up she is too cute and Eliza your a beautiful soul two hearts 
@USERS Who really listens to those post menapausal angry yentas except hardcore liberals and femanazis?
@USER I would be guessing the same thing but at the same time I know the Ravens would do their due diligence obviously one would investigate all angles. But maybe not who knows he is quite the head case
@USER he screams and releases 20 gallons of cum with enough pressure to make at least 2 gallons squirt from his big brother's mouth 
@USER Those pesky Antifa Supersoldiers are at it again. anguished face 
@USERS All liberals are devils. All of us. Ask any repub. We hold hands to stand together. To know we aren't alone in this fight for civility and decency. Call us all the names you want. It does not matter one bit.
@USERS Exactly! She was sorry till she found people to cosign her bullshit. Idiots. The pair of them.
@USERS Guess he is good enough at math to turn 1 million dollars that his father loaned him into a multibillion dollar empire.
@USER End of Mos2. SM out in space hears a voice in his head asking if he is kryptonian.Turns around and it is MM. MM explains his situation &amp asks for refuge on earth. SM puts out his hand &amp introduces himself. Has their shaking hand he says welcome to earth. Cut to black.
@USERS Forget Michael he is a coward.
 that is not am Buller point on the list of voters needs. wi union wi politics wi right maga nra @USER democrats demonic rats perverts inc http
@USERS He gets confirmed. Conservatives do not care that he is a rapist. At all.
@USER Anyone have a lion
@USERS Where were you in 2008 when people were losing their jobs &amp their homes &amp our economy tanked? What did you say about W then? Did you ridicule him &amp did you praise Obama for saving our country? You are such a hypocrite.
@USERS I seriously believe he is evil.
@USER He makes a good point. Too bad that is a career death sentence these days.
@USER I just think that he is more likely to be lying about this to protect himself than she is lying just to disrupt her life for no apparent reason. I've also known entitled men like him.
@USER Spot on again Speedy. Always the victim when things aren't going her way. Far cry from the Graf's of the sport even though her stats will suggest she is one of the greats.
@USERS Keep An Eye Out
@USER Your shabby self and your traitor buddy BO.Gave us mag a stupid your just stupid.
@USER Why do not jes get a job at cnn ! Cause I will not watch her when she is on !
@USER I do not know by comparison he is the least liked or atleast that is what I've seen but hey I am probably wrong
TRYING TO HIDE ALL THE EVIDENCE face with tears of joy smiling face with sunglasses writing hand eyes maga q a non trump wwg1wga q army q alert maga for all inc thinking face too late backhand index pointing down http
.@USER Liberals are steamrolling tpp through Parliament without proper debate. Why are the Liberals hell-bent on killing Canadian manufacturing jobs? cdn poli http
Getting ready to Disavow some toxic backlinks. THANK YOU bing usa maga usa
@USER The are batshit crazy.
@USERS oh my god what country were you in? It wasn't America. But again you liberals will believe ANYTHING
@USERS YES BITCH
@USER Just PM you the 1st part of the debate for Sunday on Gun Control &amp the 2nd adm
@USERS really should look at the Google stock value over the past 5 years and then lets see tears.
@USER These liberals are responsible for the deterioration of American society. They should be ashamed but we all know they're not.
@USER When even readers of a liberal paper in effect liberals do not believe her accusations are credible. . .
@USERS Are you kidding me? I am so pissed for you. He is a sorry excuse for a human being.
@USERS . &amp student loan refinancing plan would give every single student loan borrower a tax break &amp let hundreds of thousands of borrowers have immediate lower interests rates at 0 net cost to taxpayers. has 8 years. He did nothing. He is a liar. http
@USER REPLACES CHICKENS WITH GUN CONTROL http
@USER babe i hope you are not wonting these women
14. On stan twitter i texted Steph this morning about the Thing I just love how nice and kind she is she deserves the world
@USERSShe is busy in appeasing minorities henceforth
@USER This is like when shitty restaurants advertise their voted 1 world famous crabcakes but nobody can tell you who voted and nobody who lives outside a 10-mile radius has ever actually eaten there.
@USERS Now you now why they cannot have KAVANAUGH confirmed! MANY ARE GETTING ARRESTED MAGA!
@USER Man that shit just got me hype like I was watchin it 18 years ago
@USER yea shit sucks that is why i stopped watching anime mostly
@USER FF8 sucks MAJOR wang.
@USER that is not ture you probably mad that she is pregnant with clearance baby
@USER Get the hell out
@USERS Antifa are brown shirts. You. just special.
@USERS 1950sborn women amassed their ni gold doubloons as required by HMG who then STOLE the gold from our pirate chest when we were looking after our pirate kids 1950s women are pulling up alongside to blast cannon at those tory thieves because they won't parlay.
@USER He is starting to tweet nonsense like Mango Mussolini
@USERS Fake news. Two came forward the rest did not want to get attacked by liberals.
@USERS you liberals are so desperate it is hilarious. Trying at all ends to set him up. This BS last minute stalling tactic about the alleged HS incident and the bait of emails that were sent to him. And people wonder how Trump won? Because they're tired of Democrats and their crap.
@USER Every Antifa group member is also an antifascist. But not every antifascist is also an Antifa member. I am an antifascist but not a group member of Antifa.
@USERS Most people do not understand what an assault rifle is! Makes their statements regarding gun control stupid!
@USER And the NYTimes Anonymous author he probably considers a saint.
@USERS We handed our nationalised industries over to be run for profit by the nationalised industries of other countries. Smart.
@USERS Me too!
@USERS He is a malignant narcissist.
@USERS She is on the march to match Kinscem.
@USERSHe truly is projecting. Prior to coming on this thread it does not seem he had any interactions on twitter just a lonely boy trolling conservatives.
@USERS that is the problem. He is not a slick talking politician
@USERS Good Job asshole!.You just killed your dad's chance of a get out of jail free card! maga http
@USERS Hmmmm what about the MEPs who we elect in the UK who attend the European Parliament to represent the UK? it is a framework under which we operate. We're not the victim until we leave and are then subject to rules we do not even control. it is a br exit shambles Let's stop it.
@USERS FUCK yes now i have someone to pressure me to get into every pit that opens up
@USER Wow was he wearing his hood when he made that statement? And. antifa? Really?
@USER You are a true blessing
@USER Put your stance on gun control on your website.
@USERS Can you let him know?
@USERSI met Mark. And he is amazing. He is just as sassy in real life as in the show.
INTERRUPTING HIS HEARING AT EVERY TURN! BUT that is OK HE IS A MAN AND CAN TAKE IT! AT LEAST HE WILL REMEMBER WHO WHAT WHEN AND WHERE HE WAS! AFTER THIS KAVANAUGH WILL HAVE DEFINITELY EARNED HIS STRIPES TO SCOTUS! MAGA!
@USER Total Bullshit
@USER And it is always during active play! Sit your butt down people!
@USERS Are you guys really still supporting the party that suspended you all because you went into coalition with the Deary me Talk about desperation to be noticed
@USERS There are plenty of sane centrist democrat citizens but far leftist politicians &amp Antifa weirdos? No thanks.
@USERS This is a lie! To push a gun control narrative! The actual number is much lower. If you look up what they are using to reach that number you will see why it is so high. Always playing politics!
@USER you said marriage is just a title.if you knew you had money to protect you wouldn't see it that way that is why i said that. but if you ain't broke then that statement does not include you mista bill gates
@USER Such a tragedy. He is missed by many.
@USERS Him because she is a democrat and does not want the vote to go through. Facts just the facts.
@USERS Congress tried Secret Shah Bano strategy for triple talaq Then they openly took a position to appease Muslim conservatives for votes. trying to confuse now about their position on it again for votes. people of India are smarter now to know their real reason!
@USERS Smut straight from hell
@USER HE IS MOE
@USERS Or maybe to pay for their protests since Mnuchin shut that slush fund down. Probably going to pay for Antifa riots. Busing in people and weapons.
@USERS That would be Antifa!
@USER She is a Republican hypocrite!
@USERS And Republicans wanted moderates when obama was president and we go the way liberals Kagan and Sotomayer
@USER Better than what? Truth? Politicians have never been good at that. My America is better than Flake.
@USERS You are so close.
@USER Approve on how to throw a fit get loud swing your arms around to try and get your way.
@USERS UNDERSTOOD, Sir! Like on the morn of 11 or 08 or 16, Nation HUNKERED DOWN 2 cont. 2 help maga in UR God given STABLE GENIUS wrds Till The Bitter End . God speed Tziyon, Shalom! Con musica, Lucho, Latin Jazz Voc.&amp Comp. 
@USERS and that is why he is trying to end Obamacare so that only a priveledged few can benifit. But his tax cuts are killing us anyway. http
@USER Goodell and my Lions both suck
@USER You are low class asshole. You wear your suits and talk about the 1% or call us deplorable all while you sit behind your antifa and hate filled lying son of a bitch party and call yourself honorable. At least my pappy would be proud of me for being a man and standing true.
@USER Irish Bad Bitch
@USERS He is a disgrace
@USER She is not a cheater. That chair ump robbed her.
@USER Hint Call 1 800THEWHITEHOUSE
@USERS your app is down or sucks
@USER I feel you dude it Fucking sucks
@USER By the looks of her face you can tell where they're pulling the numbers from
@USER I do not know what you are trying to say with that 
@USERS Feinstein wanted to delay until after the midterms. Hopefully the RED wave will wash her into the Atlantic. maga
@USERS Maybe I am wrong, but did not you take an oath to preserve and uphold the constitution? Take your people control it is not gun control and gtfo with your crazy. Steve Willeford says hi . do not know the name? Perhaps Google it and realize how stupid you are. 
@USERS Please do not confuse liberals with facts rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER Eric Holder should step away from the microphone.
@USERS was funny. That was when he wasn't a puppet. Haven't watched in over a year.
@USERS What Williams d was take away the attn from a tennis player who won &amp should have been in spotlight &amp not Williams.
@USERS i do not think moral psychology can fix the core problem. and using the David Brooks model to pander to the right wont fool them for long. http i think the right embracing fascism to survive is a very real possibility
@USER She is a war criminal. By the Nuremberg standard Clinton and every other SoS and Pres should be behind bars.
@USER What I am saying MGK is claiming he is the modern best but his stuff now isn't what emergency medical services was 10 years ago
@USER lemme rap on that shit. I'll do a video floatin downstream in a coffin like in horrorland 
@USER Madam will never respond. She is among those who see nothing good about PMB and his administration. It sucks.
@USERS Nobody is addressing the cow in the room. Not even when Florence is still doing her thing. it is like after a mass shooting and it is the wrong time to talk about gun control. 
@USERS Leave it to me please. I know he is your son but I am his awesome aunt.
@USER White Nationalist and Nazis arent the same. Also at this point I'd prefer nazis to be honest
@USER you are a racist fake site of fake profiles with fake pictures of scammers who block you. also you delete accounts for no reason and block emails for customer service. same fake people on by the hour. all date sites are fake who create the profiles themselves.
@USERS Thank you.
The left thanks to lisa page is realizing that the mueller investigation is doomed but that is not news to us. ANY investigation of an innocent person is doomed from the start. maga
@USERS Gun control is not the answer.
@USERS The reason I ask is because most liberals R totally oblivious to good things he is done.They often R so clueless they cannot even name 1 thing. They just repeat what they hear from programs like The View &amp liberal media.They haven't even researched or have a thought of their own.
@USER Can you blame her for not having her life destroyed by Trump and his cult her children the FBI should do the investigation he is going Federal FBI must be afraid of Trump might get hit by a bus Trump has a book of the ugliest names you can call someone like lying Trumpstard http
@USERS 1st and last I believe just asked Vontae Davis if he is going to play another game this season. http via 
@USER just sitting on the bus listening to the most sensible thing and I am trying not to tear up I miss your father so much and it hurts to watch and listen to him I wish he was here but I know for a fact he is with all of us and he will always forever be the best
@USER I cannot understand why anyone won't want to see these docs in open light. You liberals think the Russian investigations is the big deal. As a American I truly believe the subversion of a elected president by our Justice department and the FBI is far worse for our Country.
@USERSLike a gazelle fleeing an antifa mob?
@USER I hope so. That Tana girl fucks anything 
@USERS Thank God they ban conservatives on social media.
@USERS Because neither have shown anything to suggest they are worthy replacements. In Tevagas case he is an undersized lock with poor dummy half service who severely hurts team go-forward and Roache has not strung any number of games together without injury. Pay Luke.
@USER Love how fat they all are while chowing down on cake and cookies. that is the future liberals want.
@USER Surprised because they look like females in Antifa.
Ain't it fun when a manager has a stick up his ass that would make a redwood self-conscious about its size?
@USERS CA has inadequate gun control.
@USER This is so entertaining. Nobody has thought about Montel in years. and you are picking a fight with him. This is incredible. Such a feeble mind you have.
@USER They could literally give two fucks as fuck face with tears of joy like ummm okay thanks face with tears of joy 
@USERShe is not wrong!
@USER Can we have a discussion about sensible gun control laws? I am interested in having a discussion about sensible gun control laws. Hello? Hello? Is this thing on?
@USERS I want gun control as a student but as a person of color i have to keep myself armed i will be taking gun lessons away from the nra because i know how despicable and evil they are. I wish there was a simple answer to guns. Gun control does not work when we are a checker board.
@USERS What I saw him do in TC show was nothing short of amazing! He is willing to take the fight to them &amp not allow them over power the conversation. that is why TC said SLOW DOWN!
@USER Dream on!
@USERS Their old slogan was Make a Run For the Border . does not get more antifa than that, comrade. 
@USER Fuck yeah ! Go you !
@USER She is ordinary I did not watch it Cannot stand her by the way m8 What did she do this time
@USER And trending is the comment can we start with Rosie 
@USERS Agreed. Iowa State was able to get to him a few times just after he released it. I tend to think he is more durable than most though.
@USERS is not a difficult woman she is a far left leaning bitch. She has no place in unbiased commentary on any platform. Get rid of her.
 @USER There are reports Cuomo reached deep into his campaign war chest. He is definitely spending a lot more this time around. $7.5 million in August on tv ads alone. Nixon spent just over $606,000 during the same period. Turn out seems like it'll be higher than usual. Another sign 
@USER Antifa is Israel's thug squad in America
@USER Why do all liberals look like they're eating sour grapes?
@USERS The point being made is that the support comes from the right of the party - it is relevant because it gives clarity to the offering made to the good people of London - they now know a vote is like voting for Marine Le Pen. you are welcome.
@USER But he is back on the weed.
@USERS True.where was Captain Bonepurs Pussygrabber?
@USER Yes she is.
1. 2 protect Trumpie. 2. 2 increase presidential powers. 3. 2 kill Roe v. Wade. 4. 2 limit voting rights. 5. 2 weaken gun control. 6. 2 deal with religious liberty. Congress is not an august body. They lost that moniker when they went whole hog 4 Trumpism. http
willie nelson LAUGHS AT maga CONSERVATIVES on the view for suddenly being outraged by his support of democrats mog maga http
@USER that is because he is a Quack
@USERS What exactly do you call gun control?
 @USER Between that and antifa claiming territory like a gang and beating up that vet, the American left just cannot stop shooting itself in the foot 
 @USER republicans love to say it is too early to talk about common sense gun control after these events - what they really want is people to forget and amnesia to kick in so they can ignore doing their jobs which is to protect the public Gun control works and R's just procrastinate 
@USERS Ramos sounds like a shitty ump
@USERS Well they will start banishing all acct's for promoting http FB gave Brandon a 30 day z-jail time. I am sure tomorrow Apple or Jacks will do it too. Let's all just do it and see how many conservatives &amp walk away march er's they shut down.poof FB begone
@USERS Oh shit you went there rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER Disgusting!
 @USER For me superman has to be morally superior no matter what excluding maybe the love interest face with tears of joy . he is the pure good and nice yet still superior. I did not see that. woman shrugging medium-light skin tone it disappointed me. loudly crying face 
@USER cannot take what they dish out? Joe you are a snake that should be hung by the neck on a live cnn feed.
@USERS Talks about the idea of Anonymous then turns it into in general it is about bla bla bla because when it comes to you and your buddies making no profit does not apply? Then claims he fought against Antifa yet now supports it. What a fucking joke. 
@USERS We should meet her face to face! She won't be speaking like that much longer. She is a horrid person! Somebody will teach her that you reap what you sow. She will find out the hard way. She is just UGLY inside! FUBAR!
@USERS Mob mentality.
@USER Oh I love this so much and had no idea your daughter and family had been through the struggle of childhood leukemia. So happy to hear she is a healthy strong college athlete! Much love to you and yours. red heart selector flexed biceps light skin tone red heart selector 
 @USER to be fair, it is Nascar for liberals is actually quite a good description. 
@USERS I will think it is significant they haven't moved ahead. The difficulty is that liberals over shoot and become zealous in their environmental oversight. This one seems legit. The wild life and fishing people are opposed and I am sure in Don Jrs ear. And I want to go visit.
@USER Bono can go away now the 90s are over you sick now
@USER shhh. do not tell the liberals
@USER Liberals live in fantasy land. http
&gt Thank you! You are also very pretty and kind http
@USER Go back to N. Vietnam.
@USER Hell no#MAGA United States United States United States United States 
@USER Really another one holy crap wow all brought to you by the Liberals.
@USER Freaking casual fans say you are their favorite.
@USER And you are a football fan too !
@USER Europeans are morons for electing people like this
release the Kraken! wwg1wga maga http
@USER I hope so. Liberals heads exploding is what I am hoping for
@USER it is funny. you are claiming gun control will help the US yet you are apparently on the south side which has been deemed chiraq .Chicago has the strictest gun laws yet the highest gun violence.
The Law and Order president really hates law enforcement! maga http
@USER Bitter Barack loves a free press as long as they were on his band wagon.
@USERSDude your sister rocks and you should be ashamed never go against the family! it shows you are a little man.
@USERS I was going to ask the same thing. do not know who he is.
Also I do not support antifa in any way. Using violence or intimidation for a political message is the definition of terrorism. Regardless of someone's beliefs you should not incite violence on people over the belief and they should not do so over you.
@USER Sweet Lawd she is beautiful
@USERS Hopefully conservatives will be welcomed in too.
@USER If he survived he obviously does not know anything about gun control. Are we sure he is a lib?
@USER What do you mean how Chelsea have kept Hazard? He is bloody one of Chelsea key player and best in the world right now. And one big club in Europe. What do you want more?
@USERS Liberals defend Islam yet know little to nothing about the ideology. As a middle eastern Christian I pay close attention to what the Muslim people are up to.
@USERS I'am pretty sure for the 100th time I told you ALL POLITICS TO THE SIDE Not my fault Cale is a Sexual Predator and Jill committed Stolen Valor by stealing someone else Military Pictures saying it was her Son I could care less if they are Antifa or Proud Boys who came and 1 or 2
@USER And I meant gun control ! and oops !
@USERS Congratulations for putting the NFL into the toilet.
@USER She is a drama queen she pulled the feel sorry for me card too because she is now a 'working' mom.give me a break
@USERS Chicago has strict gun control laws but the highest gun violence rate Detroit was owened by Unions and is now bankrupt Cali has the second highest welfare rate and is now the homeless capital of the developed world.
@USERS You are 20X the trader I am I am screwed but I have a tight stop. I'll let it ride!
@USER Gawd help us.
@USER he is still around?
60 and hopeful to someday meet a classy gal that I can talk to about MAGA and WWG1WGA! Have yet to find! Having way to much fun now not to share - http
@USERS Antifa? . Really stretching there. Hee hee. he is going down for obstruction of justice too.
@USER Beto-I'm100%FundedByNYandHollywoodLeftistsButPretendingToBeATexan-O'Rourke. keep texas red
@USER Time for Canadians to let all liberals if no Trade deal in two months no vote for any liberal MP! Make that our red line. It makes NO sense Trump has been able to secure Trade Deals around the world but Canada! Obvious to anyone with a Brain failure is Trudeau! He has failed!
7Y or O do you think I could jump that? gestures to a dead raccoon on road Me probably. 7Y or O successful jumps raccoon with her bike and I am super happy that she is kind of dead inside like me.
@USER Now that is what I call an Antifa Supersoldier
@USER And I think Australia has gun control and less firearm shootings.
Ain't missing shit shushing face money-mouth face 
@USERS Capitalism has killed more than that since 2000
@USERS If you think billionaires are truly liberal than you are the fool. They are playing their part in public but if they were truly Liberals homelessness would end. You are being played like a fiddle
@USER Thank you very much. She is a great performer Tottori prefectural residents take proud in.
@USERS Man I am glad I can make y'all's day. I just be saying stupid shit on the fly. I ain't trying I am just dumb http
@USERS Keith did you talk about ANTIFA &amp your support? http
@USER He is hurt and no one has checked on him!
@USER She is gorgeous
@USERS I have listened to her before an have come to a conclusion.SHE IS A TWIT.an NY TIMES does not get any of my money.
@USERS Completely agree with this the conservative Government has cut taxes for the lowest earners but by making tax fair has increased tax receipts 
@USER i like him he is cute
@USERS These guys are only known for diverting topics only. He is a pure sanghi. Let him bark.
@USER As one Canadian.I would prefer he move somewhere else. Too many liberals up here already
@USER She's vile &amp hateful &amp just not funny. She needs to stay out of the news for the next 10 years until none of us remember how terrible a person she is.
@USER The more this woman talks the more stupid she becomes. term limits liberals
@USERS have you come across the wonderful She is also doing great things for inclusion.
@USER And Hillary won the 2016 election?
@USER This is ridiculous.UNBELIEVABLE ! So this fine young man is now dead because of a stupid reason . come on ! Gun control is the solution y'all so many innocent people got killed because of guns pouting face pouting face pouting face This has to stop
@USERS You liberals will never see him a genuine leader as you are trying to portrait him because he did not do struggle at all and has no qualifications but just son of AZ# ap wese to bahut ethics aur morality ko promote krty hn# ppp pe aa k sary liberals zany face 
Twitter CEO says conservatives 'feel silenced' at his heavily liberal company. I wonder why? Maybe because they are. We are given examples everyday on here that pretty much anything goes if you are a liberal and not so much if your a conservative . maga http
@USER Nope. I won't trade him he is to much fun. Plus we cannot spell HOPE without him
@USER do you have any other recourse? This is so wrong on so many levels. Can you sue them? I wish there was a way to reinforce your points on the mistreatment you have received. Liberals are full of hate and discontent and unfortunately there are more of them than us. Idiots. http
@USER Hollywood is packed with pedophiles
@USER Exactly. She does not want to perjure herself since she is being nothing but a paid actress.
@USERS Should have used a 44 magnum to make a real statement! And people like this teach our kids?
@USERS No, we Conservatives have NOT. it is smoken' mirrors by Establishmnt Dems who are inbred, demon possessed &amp controlled by LUCIFER father of lies through Soros or Obama or Clinton ET AL @ this juncture in history. reverse pc is m is KEY &amp rebuke them ALL in the name of Jesus! kag
@USERS Only if she is to remarry does it stop.
@USER conservatives believe all persons of color are a priori guilty of crimes therefore when PoC are denied their rights in extrajudicial killings no conservative EVER questions the killing.
@USER He is a very funny man isn't he. I suspect even he does not really believe this.
@USER do not talk shit about 48 laws
@USER Holder has a perverted view of the law. Not surprising since he is a Democrat.
@USER Is that federal investigation group by chance Chinese? A congressional aid? Please respond Senator as a constituent is wanting disclosure. You are accountable for all you do and say. Do not contribute to any form of collusion. Obey the law.
@USER glad you know you are one of the people I was meaning
@USER oh shit uhhh what ao3 fic is this
@USER When will they learn. people do not care about what they think about politics. Just read your lines and entertain us. Keep your stupid pins and fake tattoos and ribbons at home. maga emmys
@USER she is beautiful
 @USER Here is an alternative way to look at it Conservatives less successful following simple instruction on an application form 
@USERS Just leave it. There's not point to this. The only ones who will win this war of words are raytas or liberals or dravidanadu-vallahs and other secessionists.
@USERS Thank you Your bravery is duly noted.
@USERS Republicans should make stand and demand proofs of any allegations by liberals. Country has wasted too much time investigating back to back false allegations by liberals. It has not left us any time to investigate their corruptions.
@USER Can somebody please put him back in his coffin.
@USER But they're still the number one Fake News Network.
@USERS No he was not! He scary as hell that is what he is!
@USER Fuck off
@USERS Or lower some Liberals retirement fund idea's
@USERS Here is my 15 year old Daughter's report grinning face with smiling eyes conservative as well fluffy wolf1218 http 
@USERSAntifa is not anti facsicm. Just as Jim Jones was no preacher. that is all I am saying.
@USER Aw what? that is devastating. Hope you are ok. I love you Biter
@USERS Who is the ring leader of the brain dead sheep. Time to turn it back on him.
@USER oh yeah I am down if you are
@USERS . hypocrisy to see so called conservatives call out supposed sexual deviancy when just about every sexual political scandal in recent memory involves Republicans and it is really homophobia roy moore kavanaugh jim jordan mark foley bob packwood clarence thomas donald trump
@USER BOYCOTT NFL &amp NIKE 
@USER He and Obama. cannot stand them.
@USER And you are? 
@USERS So she is desecrating graves with the best intentions no wonder Jeremy wants her speaking. he wants Jewish membership to know exactly what he thinks of them. I reiterate an absolute shit of a human being no offence to EWA.
@USERS Attention! is publicizing an ANTIFA target list on his account. The list has high profile names AND many random Trump Supporters' names. Twitter has NOT suspended this account. Please help report him. check out his account Lists . 
 .The book makes Trump look good &amp makes the so-called Deep State - 'particularly Mueller - look like a pack of partisan hacks.' Woodward Book Proves 1 Thing, Liberals Fear Trump Isn&amp #8217 t Breaking, the Deep State Is http 
@USERS She is a keeper.
@USERS You hit them for fucking elo and the reason I am posting this is because he is thee booter EXPOSER just shows you cannot believe everyone in this community 
@USERS Trump's new position on gun control is starting to look a lot like the NRA's http via 
@USERS I sat during the Levi's commercial so they know that i do not support their gun control stance
@USER Chuck is too old to play their games. He is going forward.
 @USER Trump I am giving power back to the people Liberals Authoritarian! Trump I am giving power back to the states Liberals Authoritarian! Dems We want to control every aspect of your life Liberals that is exactly what we need! 
@USER He is painter thumbs up smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with sunglasses OK hand 
@USER Happy birthday sweetie! Hope your day is as awesome as you are!
peoples vote br exit stop br exit save britain stop br exit br exit shambles A good example of our intent we. Even the goverment does not like paying taxes. @USER http
@USERS he is one of those types who has no time he is a senior partner at a law firm . The issues do not prevent him from driving the vehicle. They're simply annoying. But I do believe that he is taking the car in next month.
 India Cuts Iranian Oil Imports Ahead of November Deadline http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER shut the fuck upppp kliff I am bigger than you and gayer than you so do not try any shit
20 more votes for democrats &amp let's see. How many murders of conservatives just saying http
@USERSIt never gets further that the Caymans But I want to know what gives Boris the right to spunk 45m on a folly of a bridge that wasn't built Where is the money And what relation to him were the people who were paid it And why are they all now abroad No lnvestigation iniated Why
@USER Sounds like you are a Fascist.
@USER you are a moron
@USER by the way haven't heard about ANTIFA lately since Soros ran off without paying them after their violent riots across the US
@USERS! Same to you! Awe! How's it feel to want for the first time gimmie?! Is that a new feeling for you? Has mommy kept you on the tit all these years and now you do not know how to fend for yourself?!
@USERS Anonymous has always been a resistance tactic or idea. It does not matter who is leading they are an enemy since Anon does not take political sides. There are Anons who support the idea of Antifa and there are those who do not. But no one speaks for the entirety of Anonymous.
@USERS You are correct. My old eyes do not seem to work so well anymore.
@USER josh as slave leia
@USER Have the vote. Enough delay tactics. This is an allegation. He is not convicted.
@USERS That is exactly what liberals and Dems think about people on the right. it is funny how we've been pitted against each other when really our interests are all very similar with just some nuances. I am a criminal defense attorney and I fight every day to protect our bill of rights.
@USER Democrats have no laws! pouting face pouting face pouting face http
@USERS Buhari was among the past leader. What did he do during he time people are keep on blame 16year PDP but you are talking about fix what is this Government doing?
@USER Stop
 an already-debunked viral hoax Tell me who decides if a meme has been debunked? A potentially biased human has to that is who. http facebook rosetta memes q a non maga http 
@USER McQuaid is wayyyyy too expensive for what he is.
@USER You get invited to KH events because you are very active in the Kingdom Hearts community and because you are a super duper MEGA FAN. you are extremely lucky so embrace it.
@USER still spewing your lies.you are not good enuf to lick our President's boot straps. what about the deaths in Chicago. you r a liar and a manipulator.go vack to indonesia barry
@USERS He is so adorable. I hope his birthday was wonderful
@USERSRtd! Thank you for boosting this!
@USER I think it is a stupid choice not to put the planting of the flag in there. You are intentionally saying FU when you could be having audiences clap and cheer because of the accomplishment of the nasa team and the country's support. Not going to see it.
@USER I just have to assume you are the MasterMind?
 @USER Ya Obama on trade 2-YEARS AGO Trump is just NOT TELLING THE TRUTH How STUPID could our leaders be Trump God bless Trump! maga kag . Full Link+Trump's ANSWER http 
@USER Is this nigga really back to dying his hair 2445times in one comeback face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER He was all about bashing the Iraq war but when faced with the binary choice he is pretty proud of supporting that same status quo vigorously. I do not get it either.
@USERS there os no such thing as antifa
@USERS any gun control is unconstitutional and you leftist fake news traitors keep lying to the people that is why your enemies of the people
@USER Speaking of Fates babies. I hate Nina Fates and that she is in Feh. Honestly I do not get bitter about people being added. But she reminds me of a real life experience and it hits close to home
@USER Must be driving liberals crazy!
 @USER Jacob stand there in his own garden and saw him he blushed hard amd trys to look away. Oh holy god . He wisperd He is so sexy and good looking . 
@USERS Describing Myself in 3 fictional characters 1 O-Ren Ishii 2 Princess Aura 3 Laura Palmer Tagging 5 friends 
@USERSSounds like a plan!
@USER In 2010 the Conservatives cut annual funding to build social housing by 2.5bn. Today Theresa May announced an extra 2bn to build social housing. spread over the next 10 years! So by 2028 it'll be a 33bn cut since 2010 instead of 35bn. I despair!
@USER Antifa has never attacked voters by the way. that is a full on lie. You have the informational diet of thinking cotton candy is a vegetable. You might want to reflect on that.
@USER What bothers me is how Conservatives in unison attack women who seek justice.
@USERS Same Kamau Bell who spoke to ANTIFA and helped incite them to riot a year ago?
@USER F the DemocRATS. SLIMY BASTARDS.
@USERS Flake should end his search for relevancy . he is RINO filled w hatred for POTUS. despicable behavior 
@USER She is demented.
 100% hear you. But do not think we're lost in the sense of defeated, more like adrift, off-track, cannot find our way. The answer is not more guns in general or teachers with guns! Let's start with electing leaders who support reasonable gun control, and go from there. http 
@USERS She is indeed very cute
@USERS he is duel citizen ok.
@USER She is fine
@USERS This is why I have so little time for liberals and Democrats. Rather than allow democratic process they will deliberately attempt to subvert it to get what they want. Why should anyone believe the claims against Kavanaugh in the face of this. http
@USERS There's something wrong with my TV as when Liberals are on the Audio simply reverts to blah blah blah blah blah blah blah . I've looked into troubleshooting but there's no fix for that as it is the 'source' of audio &amp TV circuitry cannot convert the Insane BS into real words? http
 #qanda There are 208 women in the Commons, up from 191 in 2015, as a result of Thursday's general election. This takes female representation in the Commons to a new high. Overall 32% of MPs are women . For Labour the figure is 45%, and 21% for the Conservatives . BBC 2017 
@USER Who CARES? She broke into HIS home and shot him. She is the one. That needs to be held fully accountable for her actions.
@USER Did we hear from McCain from beyond as well?
@USER I just read that whole thread and that guys thinks he is a boxing media social media sure have mess up some ppls head rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS I know liberals do not like to do research or like facts. If you listened to anything over then CNN you'd know this.
@USER This makes me proud to be a resident of the City of Atlanta! Good to see places in Georgia still have character and integrity to do what's right and just amidst a state who can never seem to get that part together.
 backhand index pointing down Please retweet this trump nation trump train maga kag draining the deep state swamp http
@USERS That is why you never want to deal with the left or democrats. They have become lunatics. trump derangement syndrome
@USER A rich snow snowflake selector here
5. They promoted an amendment to lower the voting age to 18. They pushed gun control efforts and gun free zones to give criminals an edge over law abiding citizens.
@USERS Active shooter Middleton WI Multiple police agencies respond maga trump train keep america great 2020 
@USER ball is in our court not yours
@USERS I know you are not this naive. Those people make up a very small % of Trump supporters. Do all Liberals support terrorist and groups such as Antifa?
@USERS Why because she is female or because of your dislike of conservatives?
@USERS I will never forget what levels you racist liberals went to and what you did to Clarence Thomas. Liberals are the worst people ever.
@USER what the fuck happened
@USERS What are these new ideas? Speech laws gun control killing babies and thinking your entitled to free healthcare and rich ppls money just because you exis?
@USERS TWO YEARS TO HAND HER HOMEWORK IN.AND ITS STILL LAST MINUTE AND UNPREPARED. PARTY OF BUSINESS face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing cannot EVEN COBBLE A CONTRACT PROPOSAL TOGETHER IN 24 MONTHS. WOULD NEVER SURVIVE IN A REAL WORLD BUSINESS. 
@USERS I do not know how They said they aren't gay tho. and And by liberals you mean conservatives. sounds like me being upset. As for why it matters, if it does not matter then why go to such lengths to deny that they're gay? There's straight couples, why not just let them be gay? 
@USERS Jail is TOO KIND for a pedo vore - where is the prosecution? ag sessions is the church getting away with pedo crimes? What the hell is he holding? is that a tentacle? WTH pedo gate news
@USERS You claim you read the academic piece I linked to. It spells that out pretty clear. Do you wonder why this genre of race writing is so popular with upper or upper-middle class white liberals?
@USERS Pope Char compares Pope Francis to the false prophet. Bingo! http
@USER Enough said . http
@USER My guess a lot of unflattering facts will come out about Dr Ford in days to come. As a father of a daughter.if some one roughed her up to the point she is claiming at 15.she could not have hid her emotional state from her parents.
@USER i mean it was also like the wrong setting? I do not know it was so random
@USERS he is as clueless as out his disgusting looks as he is about every other thing there is to know.
@USERS Gun control crowd wants gun sales to have the 4473 filed but they succeed in getting GunBroker app shut down. As most GunBroker sales I'd guess over 90% are guns shipped from FFL to FFL. Kinda like wanting gun safety and getting ranges shut down. All about control.
@USER Are you kidding this is the Liberals good show
@USER fake ass emoji
@USERS yeah funny communists liberals destroying USA want USA2 like Venezuela China north korea perhaps why not just move2 your perfect country instead of desperately trying 2destroy the USA that my Founding Fathers fought died 4 our Freedom! Shed blood for ungrateful communists!
@USER What ad hominem. He is paid by the e cigarettes industry. In what universe people tend to be neutral when it gets to their paycheck. Get anything out there and it will be cited. Not everybody knows the truth about people motivations. Welcome to planet earth when money talks
@USERS . . . . hypocrisy much . . . that is why you are an enemy to the people fake news go against political opponents and hide crimes from liberals big stuff http
@USER Why does Kavanaugh have the same woman with resting bitch face sitting behind him every day? I do not think she is helping his case.
@USER Then I see like this and lust over the girl with the long blond hair and the bare midriff and micro-mini and realize she is now 48 years older and could be a great grandmother today! face screaming in fear people wonder why I love legs until I show them what I grew up with. http
@USERS Thank you. They all do. It will be excited for all. And I love I feel the broken heart for him. He is such a rockstar. white medium star 
 @USER First thing that comes to mind is another Liberal hit job This is the damage Liberals LibTards are doing actual victims of Sexual Assault they inciting doubt in everyone's minds. Democrats are not a champion of Woman, nor Minorities.they covet power http 
@USER Someone please call for gun control because the Bengals cannot stop shooting them selfies in the foot http
kavanaugh is reportedly at the WH right now. http http
@USERS Possive dumb ass?
@USER Dig up Frankie. Save yourself.
@USERS She lost because she got outplayed. She is disgusting for her behavior
@USER What? All 12 of them? What about the terrorists Antifa? Farrakhan's hateful and racist thugs? BLM criminals? Black Panthers? Those groups have NO place either!
@USERS he is is always the victim
@USERS Joe is just singing the old Liberal bullshit song and misrepresenting facts as usual.
@USER You are so smart! rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS brother I randomly tried this dns shit and it worked first time what the fuck
@USER This is what conservatives think a genius looks like. 
@USER Just did not look like any of the mannerisms he has exhibited. Glad he is in CF
@USERS The left has a plan that is popular with liberals. Their Campaign Platform is all free stuff for everybody all the time. Everyone is welcomed at all times to come to America . We will support them too. Where are the funds to support these plans? The left does not knowor care.
@USER Girl power
@USER As if Chuck sat in on the trial for these allegations. He read the same twitter feeds we did. Because you supposedly spoke to a therapist means nothing. You could have told the therapist you dreamt it up for all we will ever know. Testify to it providing even a shred of evidence
@USER And this butt fur thinks he is a know it all
@USER you ignorant fool how did you become ag. I forgot it was ignorant Obama. Its not current occupier of white house. Learn from me ignorant idiot He is the President of United states. If you think he is not your President then leave this country and go to hell.
@USERS Yes it did. And it is on editorial. Is Joe Q the editor of X-Men. No he isn't. He is editor in Chief. He is the boss of all the other editors. Sooo he wasn't responsible. I shouldn't be arguing because this is stupid.
@USER Expect blue heart yellow heart You ARE sparkles sparkling heart 
@USER I think he will get decent minutes win the champions league rotation coming into affect. he is much higher up the pecking order than Herrera or Mctomminay. He is essentially the 4th choice for a 3 man midfield. So first option when resting or even more like today and last week!
@USER ask ally Please tell me something what should i do to help my mom when she is at home with a broken leg cause she's in Hospital now with a broken leg loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face 
@USERS Or he is part of the fraud they pulled together.
@USER What happened to wokeisis
 @USER The Battle Cry by Nova Scotia Girl Canada maga and the world will follow! wwg1wga redwave2018 woman walking selector man walking selector #WalkAway trump2020 Let Freedom Ring WORLDWIDE! q a non http 
@USERS we live in strange times with some really strange people. I have never figured out hirono. Parents were kamakazee pilots? She is not on our side.
@USERS Maxine Waters is inciting violence against conservatives. Thank goodness her minion's switch blade wasn't working and he couldn't get it to flip open to stab the conservative House candidate.
@USERS I am just a reality based results oriented kind of guy. how it turned out, is what informs my opinion. not my idealistic dreams . all liberals are progressive. all conservatives regressive. all within varying degrees relative to their location. all politics is local 
@USERS . 2 of 2 Vote her butt right out of office. diane feinstein is part of the problem in America not part of the solution. Her old ideas and clarence thomas tricks will not work this time. votered2018 kag confirm kavanaugh confirm coach k maga
@USER You are not alone! Will say prayers for you. Hang in there!
4 and a half up on the Phillies! If you are a fan of any Georgia sports you know that no lead is safe!
@USER please help her out. She is distressed. http
@USER you are beloved x2
@USERS . How lucky you are sor to witness din kakulitan LIVE and on the Spot ! Inggit me sir . And Laugh your Pain ang Peg ni Capt. Barber ! push awards may wards
@USERS Good luck lad
@USER Becoming what? The reason for What Happened ?
democrats ask yourself is your party fighting for you or to keep their leader's power? The party leaders only care about you as a vote not as a person. conservatives elect people to represent us and if they do not we elect someone else. walk away @USER take note.
gop on personal responsibility. He was drunk boys will be boys She was drunk slut republicans conservatives kavanaugh
On Friday the Krav Maga world lost one of its very best Krzysztof Szczepanski Kris lost his battle with skin cancer but not without giving it the fight of its life! The world is a worse place without him and he will be sorely missed. rest in peace brother. folded hands light skin tone OSS
@USER Damn right .if you think any different then your part of the problem with this country .thank God we have a president who puts america first instead of putting illigal aliens ahead of americans .
@USER Oyela please I won yesterday. You are yet to credit my account oh
@USER bitch my life was flashing before my eyes
@USER Bitter liberals are so funny. Keep posting with anger! So fun to read.
@USER Liberals have to sexualize everything.
@USERS http Maybe we need to ban knives? What do you think? http
@USERS he is been trashing all along even to our allies.
@USERS I hope so conservatives must go vote.
- Wherever you are in your journey try your best to appreciate even if it is not where you want to be. Every season serves a purpose. - @ Putrajaya http
@USERS Bring back coal &amp asbestos! maga
@USER Assuming she is a comedian.thought you had to be funny with a great sense of humor.
@USERS http Let me give you something your wife cannot P Cum join me live now x
@USERS people who employ fascist tactics are fascists. that is what ANTIFA does. Do you want me to start posting videos of ANTIFA riots?
@USERS We all have concerns about the Democrats' disgusting Behavior and disrespect for this country and our Constitution of the United States and the violation of your oath to Citizens and our constitution.
@USER Perhaps he believes as did the revolutionaries at the time of the start of our country that the people need protection from a runaway Government like the one the Liberals are proposing by their actions which would take away your rights.
@USER oh fuck i forgot about poopy in my diaper pants you know me before i know myself
@USER Boy they are really panicking why what do they have to hide I wat to know do t you . I do not recall republicans acting like this when obama put two liberals on the court
trump chips away at liberal you.S. appeals court majorities http maga for sure Fill with Constitutional Conservatives!
@USER And hypocrite flies in his private jet around the world?
@USER It would make sense for her to be a big character in 9 but if she stays the way she is I really hope not. she was making me cringe most of the movie face with tears of joy 
@USER He is the absolute worse. Period. That is all.
@USER You are the man Gregg!
No my family aren't MAGA they just do not care. They're apart of the populace who get distracted by pop culture completely. They have zero idea what is going on in the world until I tell them &amp even then they do not care. I am a lion amongst lambs. http
@USERS I remember back when there was the big sit in by the Democrats. They tried to push through 4 gun control laws. Republicans responded by putting forth 4 of Their Own. Democrats voted against everything Republicans put forward. Instead of accepting compromise, they voted against 
@USER Liberals will liberal!
@USERS Pedophilia is the worst of all evil
@USER Destined to be another bargain bin 10 for a dollar fire starter.
@USER I saw that this morning.I hope she is doing ok. Bless her heart. Thank you!
@USERS Are you pro-choice? Are you pro - ACA? Are you for reasonable gun control? Where can we find your stand on issues?
@USERS homer losing his boner over this is very petty there was a resemblance but again even if she is if they aren't shoving it in our face then its okay
@USER keemstar said he is not paying he just wanted his sever on rust popin I said pay him or the ooks will come for you on rust face with tears of joy 
@USERSI guess you did not see the 9 or 11 ad that replaced DB. Glad you are up on things.
 @USER Abortion has always been available to those with the money to take care of the problem. A matter of conscience only seems to matter when convenient for got our piece Party A conscience clearly absent when it comes to gun control. 
@USER Empty headed Ginger Hammer
@USERS Why does Ted Cruz have to quote supporters in his own tweets? Does he have anything original and or or prodcutive to say? Does he have nefarious connections to and russia? mueller s mountain end the gop end the nra
treasonous goverment california Tries New Tack on Gun Violence Bullet Control http
@USERS You are so far of the mark at times. You seem to be completely detached from the masses.
@USER that is new
 @USER Contribute to their Maximum Capacity - Translation Vote for guys with a criminal record like me who occasionally wear dresses and support those who disrespect the sacrifices represented by the flag 
@USERS She is so stupid it scares us average Americans that she makes decisions on our behalf
@USERS Bitch shut up.cyberpunk was announced way back in 2012 and just now getting revealed get your facts straight
@USER Down with liberals!
@USER This is the democrat party in the throws of panic. They want violence so Trumps America is not quite so successful. I suggest to all the little antifa kids out there.do not do it. It will be regrettable. immediately.
@USER Just because he is in love with her does not mean she is. They do not need to go there. It'd feel like another LF situation.
@USERS Did anyone visit Maxine Waters discreet and watched the poverty of her on people did she did anything in the last past 30 years that she is in power?!
@USER Love it maga
@USERS Funny how the we need more gun control fanatics think they want a shooting war. Where are they going to go to get their free Obama guns
@USER Somebody gotta blow from here that be on that new wave for niggas to listen too
@USER I am 11th. yet I still do not want to join antifa
@USER you are here!
@USER A woman who assisted in the rape of a child should never see freedom. PERIOD!
@USER Trudeau and Liberals are incompetent to handle it.
.@USER real goal To make everyone in Wisconsin as dumb as he is. http
@USERS Yep.says the same thing about everyone she hates &amp warned the Antifa twins not to do that.
@USER They still making bread
@USER my d better now! Prescott booty meat shaking my head
@USER oh wait i read that wrong hfjdhd so they do not know infinity war huh
@USERS It started when those with money realized their future dreams for business could NOW come true by seeing your ass was on the short list.
@USER Hey nut job. We're not a democracy. You actually awake in high school?
@USER well do some research and dairy and gluten allergies are major problems with mental health from anxiety and depression to bi polar and schizophrenia. Its a tough diet but if you are sick of feeling like you are its way worth it
@USER my world of warcraft character is named Limn
liberals ruin everything. http
@USER Haley thanx! you know how to brighten up my shitty day face blowing a kiss 
@USER The Ironic thing is you are more closely aligned with the far right. They are even agreeing with you. Look down the thread. some asshole just posted a thing about IQ in your defense. Fuck off with that shit!
45 said Florence is big and wet. I fear she is about to get grabbed by the president.
@USERS No way does John Lewis have to apologize to anyone he is a hero red heart selector red heart selector 
@USERS May be the cameramen is a Trump supporter. Have you checked if he is standing on a rock or so? face with tears of joy fake news cnn
@USER Please add me. Thank you maga
@USER brother they were laughing into her face and almost pissing their pants and i was standing beside it like what the fuck mind ur own business
@USERS the you and your liberals . wow. you do not even try, do you? 
@USER 9 times out of 10 I have the dog on my lap and if I get to rowdy he gets scared that I am hurt then he trys to kiss me.Also he is a ham so when the camera comes out he is like pictures?!Let me be in them.He photo bombs whenever possible. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy dog face 
@USER Smack the shit outta her face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER Can we 'remove' Eric Holder?
@USERS . rubberstamp calls for 'conservatives' republicans who have left her sycophant party coup 'to keep the House' . Laughable. We do not want Nancy Pelosi as speaker, regurgitates fbr resistance - http via 
@USERS Tried to comment on his journalistic smear he made justice clarence thomas but for some reason he has BLOCKED 68yr old Christian Gmother who tweets occasionally when she sees the Injustice of Liberals &amp their msm to take every chance to attack an opposite opinion.
@USERS It crossed my mind that Sheriff Israel may have ordered them to stand down. The democrats will use any tragedy to be in the public eye to promote gun control. it is a shame that these things even came to mind but I have seen too much from the Left to be surprised at anything.
@USER How is the gun control working in Chicago?
@USER I heard ur cock was big and lonely
@USER Ohh. the liberals are fighting popcorn 
@USER They're becoming more and more like Antifa everyday.
@USERS I suggest that get a real life.
@USER She is really tall 
 @USER I love how the anti-gun-control folks are simultaneously you cannot blame the guns when people die but also you cannot blame the cops when guns just go off . 
@USERS do not be so humble. You and your liberals here on twitter do nothing but divide Americans. you deserve the credit.
@USERS Universal background checks and an assault weapons ban would absolutely change things. I am for Swedish-style gun control did you know the Swedes are big hunters? but Berniecrats only want Swedish-style healthcare.
@USERS Are you bipolar? You keep saying different shit to people commenting on what you said
@USER FASCIST LEFT ARE EVERYWHERE. We must crush them boycotts work folks.
@USERS I red heart selector Jesus I red heart selector Trump I am A Republican I Vote Republican Never touched a cigarette or a drug and I am hundred points percent PROUD of ALL of that! backhand index pointing up medium-light skin tone maga kag be best choose right walk away trump train
@USERS I was too busy kneeling to watch
@USERS Tucker Carlson is not an idiot. He knows exactly what he is doing. That makes him malicious.
@USERS Smart Lady! Too smart for the liberals!
@USERS What's a book about President Trump got to do with an antifa pamphlet?
@USERS Anderson lies and you report it as fact you do get except for BLM &amp ANTIFA you have no REAL viewers
@USER I am not even a bron fan but he is overall the best player in the league.
@USER Look at the state of that. I bet she spends the weekends at Antifa protests. face with tears of joy 
@USERS Exactly why CA-District 23 should kick Ol' Moneybags McCarthy out! Vote FOR responsible gun control! Vote AGAINST NRA! Vote for the safety of Californians! matta4 congress send mccarthy packing ca deserves better
dick durbin is from Illinois. chicago has the strictest gun control and is a gang and drug killing field. http
@USER In other words mueller it is not constipated In other words mueller has diarrhea? http
i follow q a non wwg1wga great awakening pain drain the swamp lock them all up maga popcorn @USER folded hands medium-dark skin tone wwgONEwgALL crown 
@USER You are so freaking valid
A new bill aims to send masked Antifa activists to jail for 15 years http
@USERSSadly you are not wrong
@USERS just wanna make sure you see how we're basking in the booty
McCaskill campaign hit with report on husband's federal subsidy windfall http mccaskill kavanaugh christine blase y ford thursday thoughts maga
@USERS #LibDemConf shows me that are absolutely void of constructive ideas for the myriad problems the UK faces, and begging and moderates isn't the answer. Thatcher was right, the parrot is dead. 
@USER Probably say fuck it an do just that
@USER Wow the guy who played the guy pitching a doggy product on Modern Family thinks he is the conscience of the nation. Also can I get Hamilton tickets?
@USERS I raise you with the Lion if the senate. He actually killed someone yet LIBERALS continued to send him to back to congress for 47 years. Blather on http
@USER Why you ruin shit 
@USER Your looking more like a plant maga walk away http
@USER Greatest POTUS EVER! maga trump2020
@USERS Kamala said justice should be blind - by the way she is absolutely right on that point Yet you Something untrustworthy you can feel it rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS niggaaahhhh
@USER From a man fast and furious was held in contempt
@USERS And what about s accuser? Or s accuserS? Or do you only believe those that accuse conservatives? Just another elitist Hollywood hypocrite
@USER I told myself this but no matter how much I try life keeps biting me in the ass
@USER In easy and a brat you are- Nothing ITS LEGIT NOTHING
@USERS You are delusional if you think he is the reason either game was lost in the past two seasons 
@USER your segment with Judicial Watch Tom Fitton was awesome! Thank You for asking the questions highlighting all the great work he is doing for this country!
@USER ugh I meant wigs shit
@USERS . detailed manifesto for love london Mayoral Selection. I am backing b off http
@USER Fat ass liar strikes again. never forget
@USER He is totally bluffing.
@USER I am stunned that you are giving this guy airtime. Stunned.
@USER I am ready for this yaaas
Democrat cannot even compete w @USER maga http
@USER She is an monster!
@USER Keep maga United States United States United States United States http
@USERS you prob not going to answer but a worth a shot can y'all fix the glare folded hands medium-dark skin tone 
@USERS I have some work to do with my oldest 20 daughter. Stood in line with her &amp voted in 2016. She is still very very bitter &amp it'll be tough to get her back this year
@USERS So Alyssa you saying he is guilty? What ever happened to innocent before guilty? And if he is innocent would you at least tweet an apology? Shut up and answer the tweet.
@USER She is one of satan's daughters
@USERS man please pass along whatever you are smoking! http
@USER This information is out there and should be fully investigated and considered before he gets a life time High Court appointment. Conservatives refused to even give Obama's person a hearing so please stop acting like they play above board while everyone else goes low.
@USERS You are a boring individual. Its seems good too me
@USERS Actually my ancestors were here long before anyone got here even your French ass! Native Americans were here first. So get your facts straight! So if you wanna throw punches make sure you know who and where you are throwing them first.
@USERS I would think that if the pope was really a man of God he would have taken care of this problem in the Catholic Church instead of trying to cover it up
@USER Gutierries pile of poo what did he do to help PR ? What is he doing now besides hoping for a high body count to blame on Trump
@USERS Most stupid tweet yet.and yes.its a libtard rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing OK hand pile of poo 
Rendell andrew gillum 'Probably a Little too progressive for florida http trump maga
@USERS Free Speech Systems LLC' aka 'InfoWars' is linked to a Foreign Intel Agency or other Non Domestic entity?
-Conservatives cut police funding -person complains about crime -person votes conservative to tackle crime ?
@USERS it is a shame seeing such an advanced case of TDS combined with terminal liberalism, I'll pray for you. Might wanna reflect on Nazi propaganda vs. modern liberal racists everywhere tactics. Also compare ANTIFA vs. Nazi brown shirts. Who's righteous? Who's filled with hate? 
@USERS Thanks so much - this was an excellent thread. Definitely going to be taking a look through upcoming class offerings and hopefully able to take in the SIWC presentation you are doing .
@USERS Go for it!
@USER he probably had sex twice for boruto and the other sister that no one cares about
@USER Eric Holder is an arms dealer and should be in jail how did this ass slip by
@USER and bale is shit
@USERS What's funding it?
monday morning monday motivation monday mood monday thoughts Another republicans or Trump swamp Lier ! maga women christianity http
@USER Antifa should be declared a domestic terrorist organization.
@USER He orchestrated or provoked it so that he could cry that he was the victim of a yet another conspiracy. he is such desperate weirdo.
@USERSShe is.
@USER Get back on your peanut farm old man
@USERS They just do not learn. Look at Biden he dbld down on hrc winning strategy.
@USERS Why would conservatives want to hide that? It contradicts everything Ford has claimed. man shrugging medium-light skin tone 
@USERS You are so funny. rolling about the floor laughing uncontrollably!
@USER Your fucking Bf nigga
@USERS SHE IS THREATENING AMERICAN CITIZENS SHE WILL KILL WOMEN ARREST HER
@USERS This B ch Behar needs to shut that big ugly hole on her face and think about the fact she's not giving Kavanaugh or his family the benefit of their rights as citizens. In her fat head they're guilty because they're Conservatives. Behar needs a muzzle around decent people. HRC clone.
@USERS that is not what he is saying. Situations are similar.
@USER Thank you President Trump! You are maga
@USER Mueller can go fornicate himself. He is as crooked as the day is long.
@USERS Is this occupy romper room?
@USER you know this Ford is an avowed radical leftist with ties to Soros and antifa right? Plum crazy!
 people leaving racist comments on my posts will be instantly blocked. There are low follow accounts posting this crap and I think they are trying to make maga look bad If you are racist in any way feel free to block me because I think you are an ignorant POS
@USERS Why does he always have to do this loudly crying face 
@USERS Who's Oboma?
@USER Why is Antifa upset w or prof. Blas -Ford? Antifa is the group that harrasses &amp threatens people at their homes.
 @USER primary argument against kavanaugh is that he is too Constitutional The democrats started a civil war during Clinton They heightened their propaganda during Obama They are scared animals backed into a corner Antifa, BLM &amp MS13 are their Sturmabteilung 
@USER Both QAnon and Antifa will be listed as diseases
The Swamp in DC &amp NY is all about Self-Enrichment! money bag money bag we the people Must Take Our Country Back! raised fist take usa back maga america first usa monday motivation monday morning monday mood constitution day http
@USER Bullcrap
@USER do not even presume to know what liberals feel or think. I am liberal. I am personally opposed to abortion in any but life-and-death circumstances. But I am also personally opposed to imposing MY PERSONAL FEELINGS about abortion on anyone else. So do us all a favor and STFU.
@USER I love you bitchhh I aint never going to stop loving you. bitchhhhhh
@USER because I am a broke ass bitxh and EVEB BETTER she runs in her sleep so like while she's lying down she just rUNS like feet going usain bolt and i get kicked a lot call me hand light skin tone 
@USERS As usual does not have a clue. The kids must make this shit up when he takes a crap since they are of the same consistency.
@USERS Sorry not antifa it is the far right you know people probaly just like you who are so desperate to control women.
@USER it is mind-boggling to me that some people swear that Trudeau &amp co. are Marxists ! and not just your standard liberals Canada is v well acquainted with
Some reading for maga time to wake up folks http
@USER Does anyone remember when U2 just made music?
@USERS The truth of it is that unless she has evidence than it is only allegations! If there is no proof than it is only 'what she says' against 'what he says'! She does not get marks for truthfulness just because she is a woman because women can lie just as quickly as a man can!
@USERS oh my god yeah the thing is that there can be a large range of price for the same item i once bought a bag for RM20+ but i also saw another shop selling it for RM60+ like wow
@USERS . it is sad and scary that the French so-called justice system is ordering Le Pen to undergo psych eval because she dared to reveal the horrors of DAESH or ISIS. The true crazies are radical Muslims and liberals who protect them.
Opportunist to the max. An evil lier also. http
@USER Also - did not he just flat-out stop showing up to set for the Freddie Mercury biopic? That shit should kill his career.and here he is getting another gig!
@USER They help him all along and now that he is better and ok and sober they cut him ?
-She comes with a cage and with at least two months worth of food left and Two food bowls. Together is a extra $30 cage was expensive! -She does not have to be groomed yet due to the fact that she is still a puppy. she comes with the bigger cage. DM For more information! http
President Trump flying into Las Vegas to host MAGA rally http
@USER I am not an asshole libtard.
@USERS How about because he is useless?
@USER Relatable http
@USER He is the poster child for the GOP
@USER Honestly some tales are just incredible to me I am surprised I did not think about them myself
@USER Because he is right the Governor of Puerto Rico Puerto Rico is a FRAUD
@USERS Nurse is valuable in his own end!?!? Have you watched him play? He rarely gets the puck out in first attempt. Also not all that spectacular defensively. Not worth what he is holding out for.
@USERS Arms WERE or ARE TO BE REGULATED BY LAW those regulations aimed at near-universal armament or training with contemporary military grade design Arms personally owned or possessed &amp kept in the HOME by the people 2a that is CONSTITUTIONAL gun control . 
@USER Good grief Texas do not vote for this guy.
@USERS As long as the democrats tout gun control as a crime reduction tactic they'll lose.
@USER Nope. Not going to miss his sorry ass at all.
@USERS She is a classist. Note the Rolls Royce refernce.
@USERS lil fun fact here skip who has a higher winning percentage in Super Bowls? that is right. 12 Check mate buddy
@USER No the person also needs to change because she is a remainer why she was put in charge of brexit negotiations i have no clue unamused face 
@USERS Pre-existing clause is still there. that is the one good thing about ACA. The only ones I hear talking about taking it away is the liberals. it is a scare tactic in my opinion.
@USERS you are so funny
@USER never trusted his ass
@USER Because you are alone dang Mama Chu isn't taking any prisoners
@USER Yea that is a crazy ass story. Like how do you go into the wrong apartment. There's numbers on doors. And wouldn't you notice as soon as you walk in and it ain't your shit woman shrugging light skin tone woman facepalming light skin tone 
@USER Hey Woodward You are a silly old fart and do not know what is going on in the White House. You are the one who has reached a mental stage yourself of Alzheimers
@USER She IS! One of my favourites. Brilliant. Her short stories wonderful too.
@USER You are your daddy's first mistake.
@USER He had to talk about how great he was because nobody else was.
.@USER thinks he is a funny man. But think is the key word.because he isn't that funny. all in on lonnie isnt funny marchon from walker
@USER Robyn I was going to make vegan scones but I ran out of fucking time. Blame my biochem lab
@USERS Mark my words bluewave 2018 water wave water wave 
@USER Also the left calls anyone it does not like fascist &gt Calls everyone on the left Antifa.
@USER Well if Trumpster said it then it must be true he also have himself a 10 on handling Cuba hurricane sad piece of something he is.
@USER Hogg pile of poo 
@USER It sucks hy woman facepalming selector 
@USERS So she is protesting blasphemy by tearing religious book of a religion that does not have concept of blasphemy? genius
@USERS I love the mental attitude you have on these things and how straight up you are about stuff
micro poetry It is a really big-top new hair not just a wig some new technology that will soon be blas even if underneath it all she is so gloriously bald. .
@USERS Abso-fucking-lutely. That shit was here already!
@USERS I've been trying to find out the name of these for ages. I went to a Hindu birthday and we were given these little dough or pastry treats. I ate a plateful. I looked up puris after your post said small and found them. Asma, you are my saviour. Now to find a place that sells them. 
@USERS No. I mean parasite in the sense of private companies being an unnecessary and universally-unwanted bauble imposed on an essential public service by people who put profits before public opinion and democracy.
@USERS Is it credible to believe he is worse than either gordon on the browns in 2018 or 2017 brandin cooks?
@USER BONO IS AN ASSHOLE.
@USERS All I see are lemmings
@USERS Ewww no one wants that kind of imagery in their head nauseated face nauseated face nauseated face 
@USER neutral face sorry but she is an idio
 @USER The Dregs of Society are ISIS, ANTIFA, BLM, Planned Parenthood, Illllegal aliens, Pedofiles, and liberals. This is who the Democrats support. Once again, accusing others of what YOU, Biden are guilty of. 
@USER He basically said I am changing the second character because I refuse to be associated or share the same last name as the rest of you.
 @USER Gritting her teeth, the blonde then broke her shield and feeling pumped the blonde charged after him. Give me all you got! She then tossed some of her darts, aiming for his legs and would cause only minor pain. Show me how tough you are! 
@USERS Not all of us Conservatives are that gullible. Manny has some good points now and then. but when he starts spewing US propaganda . it sickens me. He asked for the term and I gave one. He'll have no rebuttal. You watch.
@USER Just listening to Juan Williams on the FIVE drives me crazy. He is such an ignorant man. Where does this man get his facts? Thank GOD for Jesse Waters and you ladies!
@USER Now that is the pot calling the kettle black! Liberals are nothing but bullies! Antifa-Bullies! Trump Haters-Bullies!
@USER Where is the fascist version of Antifa?
@USERS oh my god you look so beautiful! You are killing it red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector 
@USER Lake show fuck Corey Harris
@USERS Amazing Grace how sweet the Sound as he is moving you from Mountain to Mountains Our Almighty God is full of blessings indeed Emmanuel open book open hands open book open hands clapping hands OK hand baby angel baby angel growing heart 
@USERS She is from IL and say's she knows predators? Anyone else coming to mind? Buehler. that is called transference and is typical and expected.
@USER I mean he is right he took a predominately black genre and became one of the greatest. in that aspect yes yes he is http
@USERS 930 pm 3rd round gun control whining and Sen Blumenthal hands still shaking like a leaf as he tells the judge get into the real world. This from a millionaire who has no idea about the real world. kavanaugh confirmation hearings
@USER Awh shit.
@USER Disgraceful
 3 .and the so-called liberals are anarchists. - Protocols of the Wise Men of Zion, Behold a Pale Horse by William Cooper 
@USER do not forget about the Homeless in your district congressmen face with tears of joy 
@USERS They are do as i say not a sido conservatives.
@USER Nove reputation tour for pc as the concert tour
@USERS When liberals and Trump haters leak bits of classified Intel it is patriotic and the right things to do. When Presidnet Trump orders that entire documents be declassified to the country its dangerous and potentially harmful right? You hypocrites are pathetic. 
@USERS she is such a troll I am so glad she went away and all you trump supporters told her to GTFO. Thank god we got a real superstar in who is going to actually fight for everyone no matter who they choose to vote for. Isn't she awesome! Please join us we rly need ur help!
@USER He is a blast to watch
@USER This is why we need gun control
@USERS Prove your claim or be exposed as the lying piece of shit you are. Meanwhile. http
@USERS Issss nigga fall asleep on soft after this
@USERS Do it with quran and then we will see how much atheist and brave she is. hindus figured it out that this type of attention grabbing big boss wanna be people are not worth it. Go live in your 2 minutes Prime Time covered life . Lord krishna and his followers do not care
@USERS Why the hell would you want gun control if you think Trump's a tyrant?
@USERS Pssst Bono's Ass
@USERS Their cars are great but China demand has just reduced a lot when they expected it to increase. There's your answer right there. MAGA
@USER Confirm Kavanaugh Now! maga
@USERS Give the kid a break! He is trying to bring about change! We desperately need something to change our violent society!
@USERS do not disrespect sharpie like that brother it was definitely some off brand shit from the back of a dollar tree loudly crying face 
 @USER Did he get on his knees? Spends a lot of time getting down .High priced BJ giver? face savoring food smiling face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes 
@USER If it is real those antifa are asking for a broken bone or black eye
F a k e N e w s E v e r y w h e r e face with tears of joy Guess Who! face with tears of joy # maga wwg1wga patriots united q a non q army right arrow curving down selector right arrow curving down selector right arrow curving down selector right arrow curving down selector http via @USER http
@USERS Excellent timing! http
@USER brother your twinsie resemblance to my brother in UNCANNY! He is 30 years old now - maybe you are long lost bros? Which would make US BROS! http
@USER Got to be about the dumbest thing ever.
@USERS I've never once heard you be thankful. All you do is shit on Canada. On the police. On our history. On Conservatives.
@USER that is not hair. Those were polyester fibers because Yoda is or was a puppet.
@USERS Great tweet! Please retweet! patriots deplorable s walk away from democrats back the blue rapist democrats fraud democrats maga http
Undertaker taking MAGA a bit to seriously shaking my head http
@USER Trump's MAGA. Hee haw!
@USERS Sounds like you are talking about these people! maga http
@USERS Just imagine if Dr Ford was a member of a minority. Antifa would be firebombing the Judge's residence. ident y politics
@USERSFound some - please FB? http
@USERS Two people ran for President one bought and paid for her nomination. The American people decided to elect President Trump. You and I should be embarrassed by the Democrats and liberals and left then President Trump. I have to question your morals and judgment.
@USER She is dillusional!
@USER it is more what she does than who she is
@USER Goodell is one of the worst things that has ever been unleashed on Pro Sports. Useless!
@USERS Jesus will save us. We just have to ask. jesus saves folded hands medium-light skin tone red heart selector I pray often. Included in my prayers are for GOD to also Save connecticut &amp the USA. I think we need more people praying. LIVING ON A PRaaAAaaAaayEer! musical notes United States http 
@USER it is your opinion but mine is he is the best in the country
@USER Master of None was so fucking good.
The MAGA 11's http
@USERS Or was it that the local Government was taken for themselves! Imagine that a Government more worried about their own pockets rather than their peoples.
taxpayers Funded 'Unprecedented' armed Protection for gun control Sen. kamala harris Breitbart http via @USER
@USER Give Norm his own show! he is FUNNY face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
.Alina AE ! Makes me think of my friend Catherine back at home &lt or 3 mighty hunter that she is!
@USERS I mean if she is planning on starting tour in February like she said then they will most likely go on sale end of September-beginning of October or somewhere around there
@USERS Just proves she's a plant. Motivation is crystal clear. Definite bias. Your definition of far right is interesting since it is been proven time and again liberals play the smear campaign each time. Accusers then disappear.
@USERS How did the press get the letter?#MAGA 
@USERS Little ass boy monkey 
@USER I think you are part of the Russia conspiracy. Plenty of evidence will soon be found and you will be locked up!
-Being on food stamps -Liking boys or girls or liking both -Not knowing who you are -Your body size -Not knowing something -scared to ask for help -Not dating someone -What you wear
@USERS Why waste time on her? She is irrelevant.
@USER currently http
@USER Should I name all the reasons? http
@USERS Shows that liberals are very decent people thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands 
@USERS It should be admired that it is again the women of this country who have to fight on the frontline of discrimination.We should support them all.
 stop sign Truthfeed News stop sign backhand index pointing right 'JUST IN FBI Deals Yet Another Devastating Blow to Democrats on Kavanaugh's Accuser' maga2a prolife http
@USER That was Awesome. I love hearing you destroy the Liberals but most of all Trudeau
@USERS House price increase has nothing to do with immigration. The lack of affordable housing is mainly down to this Government not building any and the inflated prices are down to the banks and their lending practices. http
@USER And the factory's coming back you do n a movie on that. sum worth do n. cause just sling shit shows No intelligence.
 @USER Our Republic was in crisis. We the people elected the only man who could give us a chance to save it from the likes of Socialist Democrats, ANTIFA, Mob rule, and your resistance . Tread carefully with your words as you are now dangerously close to seditious conspiracy. 
@USER He is so funny face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER Deranged and demented what a perfect match for the Democratic party
@USER amenadiel's were my favorite. the massive triangle shape. the actor being hot. the big connection spots. kisses my fingertips
@USERS Liberals are full of hate yet they talk like their morality is above anyone who thinks differently. Funny how their words and actions never match up to what they pretend to preach. Imposters of any human decency. Emotionally and politically bankrupt.
A Divided Self or My Name is Legion Demon possession overall is marked by a loss of freedom. The Gadarenes are Us http erg news anti nazi gr antifa gr antifa stop the hate golden dawn gd trial jesus christ jesus saves jesus is lord jesus is god prayers hope http
@USERS found out the name but I forgot.
@USER .thank God it was not a mosque !
qanda what happen to the predicted fall of Society after SSM. Only the religious conservatives right are the ones running a muck in Government.
@USER And the Liberals will supply them with these modern fighters! http
@USERS And you are sure she is lying?
@USER But he is still our best option
@USER YOU ARE LITERALLY VERY SKINNY STOP PLAYIN WITH ME
@USER Yes if you get it for me rose 
@USER Bernie! You have been in Congress how long? Now that you are getting closer to your death bed since you are old as dirt. Why a concern now? How many bills did you try to write or endorse before you decided to run for POTUS? Do tell!
@USER face with tears of joy NIGGA hit them wit the o well lowkie
@USER There she is. http
@USER So dam sexy!
 @USER His frustration began to subside as he felt her hand upon his. The tone within her voice was some what soothing to him. it is been sometime having someone be there when in need the most. And that in itself is why no one is more important to me then you She is the center piece + 
 @USER I really wonder just how badly they're going to take it when they see the results on November 7th, given the way things seem to be looking. Pretty badly, I bet. You'll have accusations of kajillions of zombified illegal aliens voting, protected by Antifa supersoldiers . 
@USERS The 'AntiFa' crowd? What a quack.
@USER Thank you for saving the dogs!why are people assholes
@USERS Also I see you are appalled at Doxing of Ford's address. Are you appalled at doxing of ICE agents by Antifa and advocating for their and their families physical assault ?
@USER been supporting ur game for years as you know its about time you giys was free and able to communicate like you are doing &lt 3 hopefully only up from here brother
@USER Crazy how funny Jim used to be. Now it is funny how crazy he has become.
@USER Will you answer my question from yesterday about whether our country could keep its law enforcement officers safer if gun control laws were not subject to the limitations of the 2nd Amendment?http al politics
@USER We're so so pleased to hear that! You are very welcome.
@USERS What was a child doing at a party drinking alcohol?
@USER oh my god she is! face with tears of joy 
@USER Keep up the good work while the liberals waste time crying and pointing the country moves closer to greatness again! MAGA
@USERS Looks Like The Jokes On Liberals Again. fort trump poland booming economy http
@USERS Thanks for proving democrats cannot let their people think. Proving again Liberals are all talk. Just like Senator Feinstein Pelosi. They always go to no facts just destroy. Just like the politicians of Puerto Rico have destroyed and rob the state of all of its financial resources
@USERS It would destroy her life. The entire right wing juggernaut would run her down - every ex boyfriend interviewed etc. she is the innocent party. he is the one trying to grab a lifetime power position.
@USER Coast guard put out a tweet they pulled that dude off the response team and are dealing with it . He wanted to b famous now he is.
@USER you are the best president ever
@USERS this comment only shows that having refused to engage with facts you do the fascist antifa approach which is to use personal attack to try to bully your way into some mythical win. Research projection and stop doing it you look stupid now!
@USERS I believe you are who you say you are.
@USER This is NOT lisa. She is in the front row and skinnier.
@USER Gun control has no correlation to homicide rates. London guns are illegal has a higher murder rate than New York guns are legal . Read this http
@USER A proven record of failure so why not.
@USERS TRUE TO CURTIN!
@USERS This is how we get Tamir Rice let's assume all children are armed and use maximum force because of a mere suspicion. A better idea would be common sense gun control and not assuming an 11 year old can win a knife or fist fight with a trained cop.
@USERS I am waiting for the snow-flake conservatives to become transparent in the SCOTUS process. 
@USER He did not break shit.all he did was make himself look more foolish than normal
@USERS Using free speech to be idiots and such but just like other rallies counter protesters showed up armed and willing to engage with kkk who also came armed Again 2 wrongs do not make a right and groups like antifa stated they want shutdown free speech anyway possible
@USERS Phil is right socialists are the new fascists like antifa. Thanks to soros
24 concert goers shot dead in Jacksonville with .38-caliber Smith &amp Wesson. The NRA calls gun control research 'unethical'.
@USER Chicago has the strongest gun laws in the nation but the highest homicide rate. That gun control really works http
GOP VOTERS BETTER WAKE THE HELL UP! rnc poll finds gop voters aren't worried about midterms. that is bad http via @USER maga tuesday thoughts
@USERS You cannot accuse someone of something like this &amp expect to not have to come forward &amp testify about it! We're we just suppose to believe it &amp crucify him? I am sure you liberals think so.
@USER I am done with you as well. An INTENTIONAL 11th hour attack completely based on hearsay and you want an investigation? What do you think they'll find other than he said she said. Feinstein admitted she sat on this and here you are ready to lockstep with the swamp.
@USER Now you are making fun of me.
@USERS I have 4 great sons &amp 4 great brothers who do not go around like liberal ANTIFA with their KKK hoods beating up strangers they know nothing about. I will go with the year of the brave people who would never belong to the most violent party of democrats!
@USERS Please explain why anti any gun control desantis would somehow hold people accountable?
@USER okay because this shit gotta be discreet face with tears of joy 
@USER Hope Gutierrez does not think this will help his blue wave in the November midterms for the democrats. by the way did Gutierrez take time out last month to honor Roberto Clemente on his birthday? Remember him Gutierrez?
@USER I cannot believe how close you got. I am thankful you are ok!
@USER your pappy is a big fat fool the Democrats does not have to make him look bad he makes himself look just what he is an ignorant 5th level FOOL
@USER His mouth goes to one side all smirky and shit and I do not like it.
@USER Yes Liberals vs progressives This should be a really dumb banter Go
@USER Bad ass bitch 
@USER Mann i ain't that smoove booty like you gee loudly crying face grinning squinting face man shrugging medium skin tone 
@USER Die bitch
@USERS He is a show boat with nothing to show for it.
@USER not surprised. we need more fiscal conservatives not less to solve Illinois financial mess.
 @USER We as conservatives must join the fight against Transphobia -National Review, 2020 
@USERS How blindly ignorant you are. Shameful people with the deep thinking you lack can vote
@USER We The people maga winning http
 So the young conservatives you know are also the ones who never had the focus to power through Order of the Phoenix and its too-many pages of Harry's teen angst. 
@USERS Holy shit that is awesome
@USER continues to nosedive in ratings. Down 41% since last year. Their audience consists of weenie liberals in mommies basement. http
Willie's hurtful response to his former fans who have quit him in droves over of his support for that little hippie Beano. maga @USER http
@USER maga aint going to like that
@USERS Without a doubt!
@USER I am sorry you are going through this.
@USER Here is the problem with the left.they cannot have an intelligent debate on an issue. Want to prove a point? Have Norm on and question him about his comments and have points to counter his comments. Instead the left just silenced him. Shows their lack of intellegence.
@USER Such good news! I hope she is better soon!
@USERSObvio sin maduro yo face with tears of joy face with tears of joy zany face 
@USERS I know right. It pisses me off he is so busy giving himself credit while we are all scared to death here in nc. I do not trust him
@USER Hell ya she is
@USERS Here you go 
@USERS What the point the BBC are the propaganda machine of the you all know the answer to Brexit is disaster that is loud and clear by businesses &amp corporation but your just the mouth peace of the TORIES.
@USERS I like carol she is funny face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS Once again, stay away from the pronoun we . You are an individual. by the way, I am not justifying him or males. I am telling you to stay safe on here. victory hand victory hand 
@USER Thank Antifa for their special brand of authoritarianism Just look at Sargon of Akkad
@USER Stand your ground conservatives. smiling face with sunglasses 
@USER She is Evil! How dare her.
@USER It is all about bs index pointing up Think there any more idiot tham the liberals.
@USERS http You must love DJT more then I do face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing You are obsessed with him.
@USER The fact that she is disrespectful and blatantly rude has nothing to do with her situation zany face 
@USERS withdraw. Trump has a whole list of conservatives to pick from.
@USERS Yes. Yes he is!
@USER Brennan sure as hell is.
@USER truly sad there are so many other things we shud be talking about gun control homeless getting those kids back 2 their parents but it is this fox face news still talks about you know Donald Trump has truly separate this country in many ways not just one way but many ways http
@USERS Just cause you do not think he is funny does not mean he do not deserve a show or just because he is a man. Men work just as hard as women. He been in the business for year's. Let the pros handle this
@USER it is exactly why I tweet! Well that and making fun of liberals and their insanity! folded hands United States red heart selector latin cross selector red heart selector United States folded hands GOD help! folded hands red heart selector latin cross selector latin cross selector red heart selector folded hands 
@USERS Let's focus on gun control laws and then focus on the border wall and get the money from Mexico
@USER Right like. the name thing is odd enough but. In that location as well.
@USER Since Lebron eat ass I guess I have to now http
@USER Nobody cares because he is getting confirmed.
@USERS Pressure from other liberals may make him change his mind. Their goal is the end result. They do not care what it takes to get there.
@USERS make yourself useful and go bury your head in the sand.
@USERS No people died because officials robbed n did not do their jobs
@USERS Coward Answer question What have I posted on that is not factual As a staunch conservative and pro Israel I post positive facts to counter Canadian media helping liberal Trudeau assault on conservatives and Israel. You are either ignorant or a liar.
@USERS last night my 6 year old daughter Audrey broke both of the bones in her lower leg. You are her biggest heroes! She talks about meeting y'all in Phoenix all the time. Any chance she could get a get well shoutout 
@USER Pop QUIZ maga The New Antifa democrats Party are 
@USERS Crazy Frog is antifa that is canon
@USER Heard from who? You and your lying jealous cronies?
@USERS Over here gun control is unconstitutional so the 2A protects us shooters that just want to shoot down range.
@USER man people were talking so much shit yesterday. Any comment Marvel stan twitter? Moe overused Thanos jokes or. http
@USER has clearly been compromised. He is supporting behavior that is unconstitutional. http
@USER The woman is not accusing Kavanaugh of stealing her lunch money. She is accusing him of assault. He needs to take responsibility.
Should I try out aikido instead of krav maga? thinking face thinking face aikido krav maga
Evidence-based cdc cdc7 words banned words orwell doubleplusgood speak maga trump has dementia
 This Day in Liberal Judicial Activism September 17 http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS I can assure you I have no delusion that he is god little 'g' like.
@USERSIf we do not destroy the Bush-Clinton Crime family we'll face many more like Obama!
@USER The antifa of the Muslim world
@USERS But you knew it was pointless to cry because it would just add to the awful humidity. loudly crying face 
@USER You are not alone
@USER He can go to hell
@USER Lucky bitch! face with tears of joy skull 
@USER Maybe there wouldn't be 5 of these things a day of there was a little sensible gun control in this fucking country.
@USER Flake.well named.
@USERS Obesity high on the list. But people still care more about gun control http
 @USER Just think. She is infinitely funnier than you. Obviously.D'uh huh. face with open mouth 
@USERS she is not related to him its weird 
@USER thanks trump THIS IS A 'START' WE MUST GET THESE 'NUMBERS' DOWN TO 0 ZERO BY 'ANY' AND 'ALL' MEANS 'NECESSARY' THESE SO-CALLED 'REFUGEES' WHO ARE NOT 'TERRORIST SEXUAL CRIMINALS' MUST STOP BEING 'COWARDS' AND 'RETURN' TO 'THEIR NATIVE LANDS' TO 'FIGHT' maga refugees not welcome
@USERS You ain't doin your part then face with tears of joy check them pussies. I am from the hood and I still do not say the N word cause I am a little more educated I got other ways to describe my brother or friends. I feel the same way as you though too many people going left unchecked.
@USER AUSTRIA
@USER He is speaking to the best of the best With utter disrespect Our law enforcement Ice Agents all first responders Low middle and high class of all races and religions DISAGREE Mr creepy joe biden GRAVY TRAIN IS OVER PUNK! joe do not touch so much Biden dirty hand joe
@USER Awesome win! I truly believe Americans are sick to death of what the left is trying to do to destroy America and change our country into what it never was intended to be. Go vote America and MAGA! Thank you President Trump for believing in our country and keeping promises.
@USERS Nobody voted for it. But these right wing seem desperate to deliver it!
@USERS YOU ARE SO GOOD ARE you SERIOUS oh my god
@USERS Calling conservatives hillbillies.hmmm that is original. Funny how many poor hillbillies you tweet about have incomes and IQ's 4 times higher than you. Your humour sucks by the way.
@USER My coworker has a sick ass one for work
@USER nigga say he a stretch big skull 
@USER going to need a whole ass rant thread done in the utara loghat to really feel it 
@USER and the rest of the Democrats LOVE Antifa and their Alinsky tactics. democrats are dangerous http
@USER hello angel I am really sorry to bother you with my message i cannot help it you are too beautiful. this is for you smiling face with heart-eyes tulip wilted flower rose bouquet 
@USERS Look at Sweden, France, UK, Europe is changing. EUROPE WILL BE A MUSLIM CONTINENT BY 2050. Please watch the YouTube video title MUSLIM DEMOGRAPHICS , YOU WILL BE SCARED TO DEATH, unless you are a Muslim or love Islam. Mind you, I am an African in America. 
@USERS For a moment I thought you were about deaths Sounded fucked up sick at first.
media too Selective putrid outrage ONLY AT Conservatives only BY LIBERALS who want us to know how MORAL they are! http
@USER But I thought California had gun control
.@USER is also a member of the OpenEd SIG and she is also doing her because malt a ltc
@USER Fake. That pic was taken long before the game started.
@USERS do not get the right vibe yet it feels like too few are in uproar it is because too few are affected as yet. Wait untill 6million+ inc those in Full time work but claiming HB or Tax Credits are subject to UC's Owellian total controll. Will be Armageddon that sinks 
@USERS Is no one considering the fact that Russia might be using Antifa to spread black propaganda? Remember the Berlin Wall?
@USERS . HOSTILE ENVIRONMENT against the POOREST and most VULNERABLE in our society just keeps on rolling. So much for christian morals eh? If you voted for this SHIT then HANG YOUR HEAD IN SHAME. jc4pmnow poverty disability rights http
@USERS br exit Chequers proposal is a disaster for Britain ! chuck chequers now ! http
@USERS You are an amazing organizer clapping hands medium-dark skin tone 
@USERS Jen does not wear pearls. And what she is 'clutching' is justice and righteousness and the hope that we ALL can do better and be more than we are in these horrific moments.
@USER Talk about falling up. He is good money for a year until Belichick goes and gets one of his crafty white receivers out of the lab.
@USER Poor Germans.they have refugee violence and antifa violence.it must be nice to live in Germanistan.
@USERS Yep because banning guns stops gun homicides. You'll also note that is close to the lowest number on record. What exactly would count as evidence if not that? Are you saying that if gun control does not stop ALL violence it is failed?
@USER Oh shit.
@USER They probably all wrote it together while pissing in your McDonalds coffee.
@USER Anyone have tabs on Asia Argento? me too
@USERS She's trolling to fuck with you cause some of y'all be quick to call mfs coons for minor disagreements
@USERS I hate so much now. They fucked up the whole franchise.
@USERS Gun control only works for those who have the guns oncoming fist collision If you have all of the guns, you will most definitely have all of the control. 
HAPPY constitution day all my MAGA peeps! A great time to be alive.
@USER He is going to destroy america like he has done to many of his businesses he does care about middle or lesser america and americans he only cares for himself and the top 1% who hopefully see the light soon before they have no countries to sell their products to
@USER Where is this persons gun control narrative? Certainly he must not believe in the second amendment!?!? rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS Global Clash between Liberals and Conservative. Shastrartha style.
@USERS rae sis do not say no offense then like tweets calling me a sad bitch, also I am truly shocked ur on the L6 train this year 
@USERSAntifa are nothing but terrorists. antifa antifa are terrorists
@USER i love you so much revolving hearts and I am so proud of the great actress you are today
@USERS All he is missing are the inmate number
@USER And I'll assume you are anti-Jujubes?
@USERS .theyre setting a horrendous precedent here. Any horny teenage makeout sessions are now open to interpretation and hazy recollecting.?
 @USER Hasn't this flake left yet? How dare these people hang a man without evidence and at the word of a loon with repressed memory. Sue her and I bet she shuts up fast. 
media too Selective putrid outrage ONLY AT Conservatives only BY LIBERALS who want us to know how MORAL they are! Re Kavanaugh and ANY OTHER REPUB who will stand up against them! http
@USERSit is the only way he can rationalize his world view is to believe anyone using logic against him is a Russian bot. Liberals do not like logic or having facts to counter their beliefs and in tolerant opinions.
@USER damn that headgear is lit sucks I am not on pc ubi plz for console to
@USERS Further proving that liberalism causes mental retardation and feminists are a cancer on the American Republic
8 or . Liberals Just Pull Kavanaugh.the next guy will be fine Me You Democrats are so obvious. You are going to smear everybody and call them a rapist. http
@USER Liberals won't cry over milk they won't spill.
@USER face with tears of joy He is the ultimate tease
@USER Does Eric even know where he is?
@USERS ATTENTION! is publicizing a list of ANTIFA TARGETS comprised of Trump supporters. Some are high profile names, but MANY are everyday Trump supporters. Please report him to Twitter. They still have NOT suspended his account. Check out his Lists . 
@USER You are a Communist state controlled newspaper. Very much like antifa would love to see. And your country executes people who dissent with your support. Enough said. Get off my twitter stream
@USERS I fully support Antifa. I give them money. White nationalism is cancer in a proudly multicultural society. It should be illegal. It is in Germany. We had two wars over this issue. White nationalists lost both. We are done with this discussion.
@USERSPresident Trump will post a message 9-20 to our cell phones. Prepping for internet social media block out.
@USERS They cannot. His a sheep. Just follow along with fake news and put everyone who can think for themselves as KKK. Antifa wannabes
@USERS HYPOCRITE! You run a commercial about ur support for gun control &amp protecting kids showing ur kids. Really! you support ABORTION. What's the difference in that and a gun? They BOTH KILL! 
5 26 you are my late night thoughts.
@USER Liberals like you WILL never convince us to become lazy entitled victims. But keep trying. I just feel sorry for your son. Having to be raised by someone who will only impart him with the mindset of self-hate and victim-hood.
@USERS do not need to make it any more obvious how desperate you are.your replaced comment was enough indication of where your prejudices and xenophobic views stem from. 
@USER First Man movie is an accurate metaphor for the NWO Globalist Left--they give you enough to make you believe they're truthful unless you have educated yourself!
@USERS a friend of both myself and your father. So she is safe to talk to. 
@USER you are LITERALLY so woke and sexy
@USER hey Samsung on your website you declined me. 2 times for credit I can afford your phone without your ass this is my second one maybe next time even though I hate iPhone I'll buy iPhone so screw you
@USERS that is how a career in media works. people admire you. If people think you are a piece of shit you won't make it far.
@USER Shame she is noting but professionalism she has one and day and everyone wants to judge
@USERS You are a disgrace
@USERS it is her choice her life.why would you want someone at your wedding if they do not want to be there. At least she is being honest .
@USERS what the fuck do you think antifa means
.@USER oldest son of President Ronald Reagan lays out the case for why 'Conservatives Should Back net neutrality http No wonder why over 80% of Democratic AND Republican voters oppose the FCC's repeal! Call Congress today http
@USERS There is no clear relationship between strict gun control legislation and homicide or violent crime rates. Interesting phrasing. And for that particular question Swearer goes overwhelmingly international to disprove a correlation. 
@USERS Funny how often you see criticism of federal polices and some writes both the conservatives and the liberals 
@USER I am jealous
@USERS You are out of you damn mind! Feinstinkle had this band then leaked it! She took a lie detector test and hired a lawyer last month! She is accusing a judge of a crime that is 35 years old with no proof! Ruining a mans life over an accusation with no proof you STFU
@USERSWhy are we engaging a brit antifa again? I lost track.
@USER Convincing conservatives loosely defined to have this change of mindset is definitively crucial to win. And the change will come regardless anyway. it is just a matter of it it will come before it is already too late.
@USERS Guess what Chicago kids go theu this shit every day and they have the strictest gun control around!
@USERS liberals believe rules are for the Middle Class and those hoping to join them. ethics friends and family cdn poli lpc 
@USER Police your own first right? You see it as unfortunate he is saying these things in public but others see it even more unfortunate that she says the things she says in public. She is an extremely public figure and he is using a similar platform.
@USERS Socialism once its implemented has historically had only one effective stop measure and that has been civil war. Knowing that the force or reasoning behind gun control becomes clear. You can have a clear picture of this process by reading Saul Alinsky's-Rules for Radicals. 
@USERS Hi They know Kavenaugh in liberals out for 30 years. No one wants to mention this. ITS BIG. You should send it out to your 'tree'. I've been away and do not have many followers. Could stir up a 'kick-back', might make a difference. Principal's rock solid. Please retweet 
@USERSWhat role does gun control play on school safety?
@USERS I really think he is mentally ill. Why does his family not address the issues? Maybe Jared did with the op-ed?
@USERS There's definitely a feedback loop which is now even warping perceptions within the movement. Labour factions often hate each other more than the conservatives
@USER Yeah she is and oh I am working that day but we will plan it!
In a heartbeat growing heart United States maga kag Absolutely! http
@USER But he is still fucked up for not respecting LGBTQ
@USER Absolutely. He is very special.
@USERS #FarRight leader quote of the day My deal or no deal how's about no trust no confidence your party is a crime syndicate even a mafia investigator has stated on public record tories out criminals in uniform criminals out of number 10 ge2018 gt to
@USERS I'll defend him. I think the CA professor is a lying liberals pile of horse dung. There.
@USER Holy shit- how brainwashed can ya be?
@USER Thank you she is a gentle soul xxx face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector http
@USER Yea Jeff should go. Antifa is a terrorist organization
@USER yeah he had to go back to the faerie world to handle shit there
@USER even he is conceding his own spot. http
@USERS The ultra left thugaratti are no joke either. Let's together condemn both. Antifa? Colleges that riot over Ben Shapiro speaking? I definitely condemn any threats against her.
@USERS You just make the numbers up now do not you
 @USER Honestly, right after the election I still hoped that Trump would prove to be a secret Democrat on at least some issues and that it would be conservatives who were mad and depressed by this point in his presidency. Obviously I was wrong. 
@USER I am honestly not surprised coming from the school you are in. Why would you be vaping. I noticed they like to accuse you of a lot of stupid stuff but do not let it get to you.
@USER Love you endlessly ally revolving hearts ask ally what should I do to help my mom while she is in hospital any advice
@USER Go away already!
@USERS I just spoke with ANTIFA and BLM. They said you lied.
@USER NEITHER DOES ANTIFA OR BLACK LIVES MATTER OR ANY OTHER SOROS FUNDED GROUPS
@USERS notice his expression. He did not know who it was or intentions. Security behind urged him to walk away. He is a great spirited man.
@USER World need much much more of this. Antifa are venom.
@USER I do not support Trump. He is an abomination!
@USERS When exactly did you adopt Malam? You have a catalog of articles as plain old Bolaji &amp became Malam because of politics &amp you are pleading facts here. Please
@USER oh my god he is! I fucking hate Dale!
@USERS Point is they are trying to make a statement. And some trump chumps are guilty of much worse than anything antifa has done in the goal of trying to make a statement
@USERS Please Declassify Information so American people will know the TRUTH! For Transparency! blue ripple kates wall obama spy gate no amnesty no daca maga
@USER He will never live this down! You know he is furious! Can you imagine what world leaders will be thinking when they meet him double exclamation mark selector face screaming in fear 
@USERSSome volient actions are done to defend one self. Antifa goal is to stop bank monopoles on our nations.
@USERS The name alt right is to make people think its a right wing group.just like ANTIFA that are fascist. BLM that really to they all black lives do not matter.
@USER Obama speaking unrestrained for more than 5 minutes.Trump couldn't have asked for a better gift and gun control Democrats just shot themselves in the proverbial foot http
@USERS Most mass shooters are liberal white men. We should have liberal control not gun control.
@USER aaaaaaaaa that is so exciting! the majority of my friends are in second year at this point so the blow I am about to receive from moving to a whole ass other country hasn't hit yet. I am doing film studies because i hate myself apparently or wbu babie
@USERS You are a disgrace go home you are not the President anymore. You are breaking tradition of the former President stepping aside. This is no longer Obama's country this country belongs to We The people not your sheeple maga 
Please re tweet thumbs up Please share grinning face with smiling eyes thank you folded hands love share life money crowd funding go fund me monster funder @USER Please support ex dem fervent MAGA United States donate here today down arrow selector http
@USER Accuser actually needs to be investigated. it is interesting she whiped all her social media accounts. Was she an ANTIFA member?
@USERS Hillary hasn't ever left the convo of any Trump lover. She is their answer to the expos of every despicable Trump lie they swallow.
@USER Cuts to policing over the last 10 years under the Conservatives which the police warned would be detrimental is an important factor. A lack of youth centres and play schemes is another factor.
@USERS Please TX do not elect this fake Conservative. He is bought &amp paid for with Soros money. So many unethical things in his personal history!
 Available Position Teacher - Special Education Mild or Moderate If you are interested or qualified apply at the link below http http
@USER Sorry.nothing but a setup to try and appease the Socialist Democratic Wacked Out Liberals. We are not stupid
I am all in. maga wwg1wga http
@USER FOLLOW THE MONEY money bag 
@USERS Every politician should surrender their passports to show their faith in 
@USER that is awesome
@USERS We all know this is another Liberals Corruption!
@USERS Seemed bona fide to me when I did a quick check before using it after nicking it from a tweet I saw . For instance http
@USER LEGIT TWEETED 30 SECONDS AFTER THIS WHAT THE-
@USERSYou stated the 1994 AWB was constitutional. I asked you to provide the SCOTUS case. The response about the alleged support for gun control to that is a complete non sequitur.
@USERS So take him to court
 Anti-Trump Activists Want DC Trump Hotel's Liquor License Revoked http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER do not you have to weigh under 200 lbs to be considered a 'porn star'?
@USERSBe sure to use lots of butter!
@USERS Bank deregulation happened under Gordon Brown with his dramatic changes announced in 1997 not in manifesto including independent central bank and removal of supervision of financial sector. How old are you? Who taught you this rubbish version of history?
@USERS Why does every gathering of liberals look like something I wish I had not seen?
@USER You should still feel really good about your team though. Going into it why would you have switched them out? It wouldn't have made sense. You made the right decision and you are probably still going to win anyways
@USER They are hoping all over it. But then they are probably the biggest crowd of racist bigots in the country they back antifa
@USERS Monkeys have been used for centuries to dehumanize black people but none of that has anything to do with the 5th largest economy in the world and a 9 billion surplus. Everything else you are saying is nonsense. Againtske your L and leave
@USERSI make a deliberate choice not to discuss my lived experience of social security and any work and solidarity with people affected.
@USER He is
@USERS oh my god! A good guy is now evil! Same thing happening is America! The Globalist world leaders with all their money would have us believe what is evil is good and what is good is evil! I've read that in the good book! For the end time!
@USERS he is by far SC's best option. I do not want anyone else to start. it is just the reality of who he is.
@USERS why do you identify as antifa if you are transphobic?
@USER Funny how I never get asked to vote in any of these FAKE polls
@USERS Saddest thing I've read today is conservatives claiming Kavanaugh's presumed innocent. Wrong. This is a confirmation hearing where HE has to prove HE has the character to sit on the highest court for life. This isn't a criminal trial. - Tim Koontz
@USER Then I am as crazy as you are cause I believe the same outcome will happen this Sunday 49ers 27 KC 17 Niners baby thumbs up oncoming fist 
@USERS You are just looking at the price.
@USERS face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy this is comical! They think they are really doing something! When really they're just getting laughed at.
@USERS Oh shit the mafia have finally found me
@USERS Never heard of this guy.
@USERS Why do some conservatives blindly follow a fascist?
@USER Goodell is the worst commissioner of any sport from any time in history
.@USER please do everyone a favor and delete this false thread and your account while you are at it. http
@USERS Listened . They do not give a shit about what the fans think. All they're doing is counting their Fox money. 
@USER You were made a fooln of last night by Kavanaugh so like a spiteful child seeking attention youngo on your wide eyed rant. You are an embarrassment to the chamber and this country
@USER Good- that soundtrack you DMed me with was fire as fuck and I still listen to it often flexed biceps medium skin tone Bad- My tracks are better loudly crying face joking I am shit 
serena williams yes she should be boycotted. She is a nasty bit of work.
@USERS Amazing what a good leader can do .wising up Ontario .does a lot for your image.instead of being . Losing Liberals
 @USER Maybe she NEVER BELIEVED in it. Maybe she just USED &amp FOOLED too many in the West who were TOO desperate looking for a beacon for their own calculative agendas. And all the while, she bided her time and calculated . until she got to where she is now, and so her TRUE COLOURS. 
Krav Maga Defcon Wuppertal @ Body Masters http
@USERS Dear please understand he is not doing anything except saving ur and mine money. If he had used our tax money wisely our children would have been in Government schools. Her wife would have got treatment here. His own sons would have been standing with him.
@USER q a non devotees only The shooting at Sandy Hook elementary school in 2012 was a hoax or false flag to curry favor for gun control
@USERS So we should cater to Collins and Murkowski and only do what they approve. Abandon what conservatives want and then expect them to vote for you anyways. That is insanity.
@USERS Q said to expand our thinking. This is what I came up with. I hope I put it in a graphic people can understand. q a non great awakening patriots fight we the people united west and kag maga wake up walk away red october http
@USER Sir. The Governor House Lahore will be used as a museum and a art gallery. You are the minister for Information and Culture. Please take some measures to protect the place from filth and damage caused by our ignorant public. http
@USERS So let me get this straight they want us to hold off on the confirmation hearing for what? Polygraph is inadmissible. All to hear he said she said? Ford signs paper in trump case against illegal separations? And Cavanagh has just about every woman stating he is honorable. Vote ye
@USER do you have yuzusft face mod? i want it but i cannot dl o
@USERS And most Hillary supporters are racist liberals.
@USERS Nothing was stolen. Crybaby liberals did not get what they wanted so they've been throwing temper tantrums for 2 years.
@USERS I hear the words well, but I have no faith - As far as I know, she is a co-founder of a right-wing Islamic youth association, whose policy can certainly be regarded as a forerunner of islamic-extremism. Dear Mr. Grenell, let us hope that you are right in your assessment! 
@USERS it is up to the Pres he has all the facts
@USER Not manly enough for the guy hiding behind a fake name and profile pic. Are we betas or violent AntiFa thugs? You guys cannot seem to make up your minds.
@USERS A security specialist deflected TO the Conservatives? I do not know how to take this.
@USER Oh shit this will trigger some bigots
@USER I'll lock yo sorry ass down hugging face 
@USER Many liberals are. Male and female! grinning squinting face 
A new bill aims to send masked Antifa activists to jail for 15 years @USER http
@USERS . will serve the interests of Washington Liberals like and will represent conservative Kentucky values. too liberal for nky http
@USER Untrue! &amp You are valuable.
 @USER Actually, it was Hitler who patterned his style after the Democrats in America, Hey! that is what we should do and he did. 
@USER NO ONE needs hunting in Canada Spread the word.There is no place in a civilized society for rifles and shotguns.The Coalition for Gun Control has 200 associations behind us to support and the Liberals. In the name of the safety of our kids Mr Blair ban those guns.
@USERS What new gun control laws would you like to see passed and what would they accomplish?
@USER it is a red zone with no TDs.
. a bunch of self-aggrandizing liberals in fancy dresses mocking Trump. Except for the fancy dresses, sounds a lot like the Dems who are trying to lynch Kavanaugh. politics me too witchhunt http
And the Bull$hit just keep coming. So we're expected to just accept these allegations for their face value. The left swamp plot thickens. We need to out the offenders once and for all. confirm kavanaugh maga http
@USER If you showed the videos of the immoral and wrong rioting of Antifa scumbags to them they would be disgusted. Show them this tweet of yours and moreso too.
willie nelson laughs at conservatives on the view for suddenly being outraged by his support of democrats http
.Drew your cat gorl while at work and while you are streaming D @USER http
@USER Look at this chill as fuck bearded dragon http
@USER Woooow Trump voters are getting really crazy MAGA !
@USERS Trump is maga
@USERS Tomorrow night you get dropped will make sure he is not robbed again you fraud
@USERS Top 15!? Yes he is?
@USER A whole meta joke here would be my original tweet fuckin up the calculations.
@USER As he said in exchange for a 14 day jail sentence and that is the max both sides could get.
@USERS More FAKE NEWS grandstanding
@USERS oh yeah Terry Porters 40 second PI Call OSU alumn . naw I am over it. Your coach and his scumbag history. If you know anything about his history with Aaron Hernandez you would know what kind of scumbag he is. but OSU is a shithole so the story goes on. http
@USERS With tons of security that he wants us to NOT HAVE! It blows my mind how many gun control people have bodyguards With the guns we R not suppose to have !
@USER Once again as Lt Governor of CALIFORNIA you are concentrating on another country. How about focusing on California constituents and fix the ever increasing taxes and regulations This will double our electricity bill rates! http
@USER Criminals are running scared!
 @USER Well, there's that one idiot you keep thinking will show up in your mirror every sundown when you rise again to walk the night in search of carnage to fill the emptiness where your heart &amp soul used to be. Altho, now ya mention it, lots of other conservatives come to mind too. 
@USERSA better question what do American voters need to do to defeat Antifa &amp their Democrat sponsors?
tory lies peoples vote stop br exit @USER False news http
@USERS What so democraps can do this to someone else? it is nothing but a smear campaign. Liberals just aren't honest enough to admit it.
@USER She is no doubt the greatest female athlete but a sore loser in my opinion
A little appreciation post for my bestie because she's a bad bitch and I am thankful for her growing heart @USER http
@USERS Leona will START something Big to come.LIBERALS sit in terror in House of Commons.BETTER NOT CRITICIZE THE GROPER!
liberals generally do not think the rules apply to them. hipster sped walked in front of me to get into the 15 items or less line. He had nearly 30. I had to suffer behind his patchouly oil and things growing out of his beard. His ebt card was declined.
@USERS it is Bull Shit. We all know.
@USER I am not running off so to speak. it is just how it works. You are all healed. My job is done. It is the way of our world. They are expecting me back. sighs and takes a deep breath before straightening out the non existent wrinkle in my shirt 
@USER I love my penis and want to keep it. Would rather smoke a joint.
@USERS I voted liberal for the first time on account of harper.I am satisfied with the liberals
@USERS she is a dog with fleas.
@USERS WOW SAMI YOU ARE KILLING IT
@USERS Antifa? Fighting neo-Nazis to oppose fascism is the same as neo-Nazis running over people with cars? This is pointless. Enough.
@USER How about Sessions indict him and his cohorts for Operation Fast and Furious
@USER You are a coward and really have no right to be AG. You are a disappointment. Your days are numbered and so his your party.
 @USER There are deals on Mexico EU trade and other trade deals. We do not need or want a gun control deal or a Climate deal 
@USERS Clearly this amazing little girl has the ability to put herself in other's shoes. She shows empathy which some children do more than others. She is able to distinguish right from wrong no matter who puts her to shame or tries to bully her to conform. She is a hero
 Not th@ @USER taking a knee has anything 2do w or military but most conservatives hate him far more than they care about vater ans shaking my head trumps america
@USER He tihnks he is telling the big lie.
disgusted her constituents voted liberal leona alles lev fuck off http
@USER I heard they actually are going to cgi an Antifa flag Now. You know. For accuracy
 @USER Yes, watching an elitist prima donna toss a tantrum on the court when she is called out &amp penalized for 'cheating' getting coaching is pretty entertaining! HER COACH EVEN ADMITTED, I WAS COACHING HER. Now, back to our regularly scheduled sanity, rule of law &amp accountability! 
 @USER Tough crap Mazie! There should be a Me Too for men with false accusations against them as well as those hurt by Democrat lies, false accusations, biased Government agencies, biased media sensationalism and Antifa bullies etc. 
@USER Like Antifa?
@USERS It says he is a Political revolutionary for hire but I am not seeing anything revolutionary in his think. Maybe he meant revolting. 
@USERS Um, no? Saying that Labour is the party of hatred implies they are the most hateful party, and therefore The Conservatives are less hateful. Whilst the claim about the Tories can be disputed, it is not whataboutery. 
@USERS United States BECAUSE THey think Sen Collins is A STUPID COWARD &amp all they have to do is Bullie SenCollins This is what United States Conservatives Have lives with For keycap 9 yrs now Please Vote For Kavanaugh LetGod Take Care Of the Rest
@USERS It is interesting that you are more aware of the political system than 
@USERS It makes my skin crawl just looking at this woman - Theresa May is a liability to our nation and and must be removed ASAP
@USERS that is a real shocker! sarcasm 
@USER Oh he is compromised 1000%. An outspoken critic of trump now is trumps water boy. Either trump got info via private eye or Putin's got the goods.
@USER Antifa Zeckenbiss by the way? hetz jagd
@USERS For sure. i have been laughing of them a longt time. rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER Go figure
@USERS Maybe she is lying? Why is she not responding
@USERS Fair point - let me restate many liberals tend towards using evidence of prejudice and discrimination as a justification for treating distinction between citizens and migrants as arbitrary.
@USER She is getting big 
@USERS Took the words out of my mouth. He is just horrible.
 . . .If you actually d i d expose that, I'd be questioning you. She's shifting a little, exhaling rather shakily. She is tempted to shush him. How cheeky . http 
@USER He can suck it.
@USERS How do you decide truth with accusation from incident 35 years ago? The big lie! He has been confirmed multiple times and no accusations. This is the liberal MO. Conservatives not falling for it again!
@USERS Thoughts and prayers do not work. We need sensible gun control legislation.
@USER Thanks for the follow! The days of cybersecurity brand reputation marketing have just begun. And you are now a part of it!
@USERS He had 1 offer since june! The shitty browns that is it! Stop thinking he is still good you are living in the past
@USER Yes everyone does but he is in the best position and missing all over the place
 @USER Yes! The good old days when conservatives got pushed around and bullied by democrats who never gave an inch. The good old days when all conservatives could do was feign outrage and promise to go get them the next time. Yeah, that is what we need. that is the healthy libs love! 
@USERS The is an increasingly Leftist newspaper which might explain the use of weaponised language such as 'white supremacist' to refer to moderate conservatives.
@USER Friend ordered 100 pair of Levi's and then called to cancel! Over Gun control! Wow getting wild!
@USERS dummy donnie jr woman facepalming light skin tone lying face clown face woman shrugging light skin tone THIS IS FROM 2008 IDIOT rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy grinning face with sweat . The apple does not fall to far from the tree when it comes to lying lying face . The American people have had enough is enough of liar in chief and you are actually an embarrassment as well like your daddy mushroom mushroom 
@USER Gun Control means using both hands. And in this case means acquiring the correct target. You cannot fix stupid.
He can shout out to me any time he wishes. maga Thank you sir! @USER http
@USERS Do the trade
@USER You are battling with what you feel
@USERS best lead &amp most underrated
@USER I am a big time Conservative and staunch believer in our constitution. I am also a supporter of you. What myself and many conservatives are starting to feel is that Republicans in the senate do NOT have the stomach to fight for us and against the left. Too soft.
@USERS Except those whole emails the prove what yer sayin is wrong. Hannity is paid 30 million a year to blame immigrants so you idiots happily pull the feeder bar for the guy going to take away yer healthcare. Gotta say the stupidity is entertaining. maga
@USER I cannot believe he is still on the radio.
@USER he is doing it to everyone he do not like
@USER he is been leading the Trump opposition since day ne.
@USER Holder should've been removed and jailed years ago.
@USER Yes yes Antifa is anti-fascist but celebrate openly when their political opponents are killed. Whatever you guys say.
@USER Another liberal Democrat promising checks he cannot cash
@USERS Is now a good time to talk about mental illness and gun control? Asking for a very concerned friend.
@USERS If the banks fall then peoples money falls too
@USERS Gun control is racist. http
@USERS A useful idiot. No longer need him. Their to busy to be bothered with gun control now. Busy trying figure out how to sway an election in their favor. Not gunna happen face with tears of joy United States flexed biceps 
@USER Or Christian conservatives could man up and do whatever it takes to win.
@USERS But it is so cute when conservatives try to do economy or 
@USER You are right. Victoria is on the reverse. face screaming in fear 
 @USER My thoughts and prayers are with the families. Random mass shootings, which plague our nation, are not normal and we as a country cannot allow them to be normalized, Craley said , The truth is these mass shootings are becoming too normal . Gun control would certainly help. 
 Texas Sen. Cruz Thanks PETA for Its Tofu Push Working in His Favor http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER .the kind of repulsive projections usually reflect back on the source be careful in what one deems appropriate for others lest it is applied equally to oneself.
doug ford again using trump style authoritarian tactics Discredit the media. Repeatedly spread lies. Build a false reality for your followers. These are smart people. The conservatives know what they're doing. This is a planned strategy to weaken democracy. on poli http
@USERS No you wouldn't sis I know damn well you would probably call it cute people propose in concerts all the time yet when its a gay couple its wrong you are at a fucking concert you do not have to pay attention
@USERS He is http
@USERS Just remember it took Mark Felt 30 years before he would admit he was Deep throat . These denials r meaningless 
@USER we're buying a couple puzzle toys and looking at classes for him rn! but i think he is becoming a teenage monster.
@USER JFC! We need gun control NOW.
@USER Holder is unhinged ! Brainwashed
@USERS Who cares.
100% correct http
@USER Naaa. I've spent 24 hours laughing my huge nuts off at your stupidity. You fink your some kind of entity but your all a bunch of scared antifa PUSSIES wiv no muscle to see anyone you try to bully. Even that is pathetic.
@USERS cannot wait for 2020!. http
@USERS Basically me and my liberals friends want to decide what's right for the rest of you.
@USER Liberals never follow through on promises. We've heard it all before. Coward.
@USER He is going to win!
 @USER Fighting for the oppressed ? Puleeeze 
 @USER She is saying Ben, Ben, when the hell are you going to do something more than just tweet crap about djt? 
@USER You are INNOCENT until proven otherwise! I would say most definitely SHE needs to PROVE her story is true
@USER He is a troll. Not open to facts
@USER that is a lie.your antifa lefties are nothing but violent. This teacher spent a lot of time planning this attack on an honorable man with zero evidence. No reason at all to hold up kavanaugh! Another crazy liberal hit job!
@USER 7 $ million buyout. Losers.
After all my years of complaining I am finally getting my bitch ass wisdom teeth out so I can stop fucking crying
@USERS Clearly you are right about flaws but why are there DOO trains on this route and RMT are striking on SWR where there are guards they have obviously agreed to the DOO principle so cannot understand the striking
@USER we're defo living in the last days
Adam Schiff saying he is FOR releasing FISA info http Just another in a long list of bureaucratic hacks that need to be purged from DC! @USER please keep doing what your doing to expose these frauds and hypocrites! maga kag2020 q a non winning wwg1wga http
@USER yesterday this happen here flushed face So much for gun control when you cannot prevent a 2nd grader from bringing a gun to school huh smirking face http
@USERS The official unemployed numbers are a joke. There are millions of Americans who lost their jobs and career to H-1b. Their unemployment benefits ran out years ago. Give them their jobs back. End H-1B now.
@USERS This is true. But man there are many in the comments thinking he is done still even under the video.
@USER . Jim Carrey's LA mansion. Plus a $13 million penthouse in New York. http
@USER You have to preorder dear she is a preorder bonus in the game
@USERS If he is cutting it. no man bun man.
@USER Googlers are weird fear mongers maga
@USER Fuck you dope. Not a Fox watcher. Independent voter that will never vote left. Your Party is dangerous.
@USER Because.color is all it is about? Really? Think about it. that is as goofy as saying blondes only think like blondes or that 6 ft 4 people only think like 6 ft 4 people. Should black Americans stand for her manipulations? No more than if Trump said lets talk w whites only. Never!
@USERS Or maybe they want to appear unbias so they can continue to give cover to their antifa buddies when they cover them.
@USER Got to love Susan Sarandron's response.
@USERS Old pic. Trump is not monitoring anything related to the Hurricane. Pretty sure he is shitting his pants right about now
@USERS at peaceful protest. Should i give you the full list? Over 500 incidents Antifa attacked Trump supporters and none of Trump supporters attack Hillary supporters.
@USERS That is because she is a good Christian and her husbands attackers are misguided.
@USER Eric holder is Obama's straw man of corruption
@USERS Liberals ruin a life does not matter as long as they win in the end! Must stop! The have no Conscience
@USER No doubt she is proud of her daughter from Heaven! So sorry for your loss at such a young age How difficult it must have been &amp I imagine to a certain degree still must be.She sounds as a truly wonderful person. You are her legacy!
@USER Conceal and carry is your best friend.
@USER I wasn't calling you out. i was genuinely surprised like live legit made a mode that you are loving and i love to see that. it wasn't anything more than that. I apologize if you took it another way
Pigeon Girl can also send pigeons to poop on all MAGA hats.
@USERS 4 or 5 Despite dissent within declared All Canadians are aware of the need for changes to Canada's gun control system. This Government is committed to the reduction of crime, and effective gun control measures are an important part of Canada's criminal law. http
@USERS Says the bitch ass boy hiding behind a keyboard it do not hurt to ask for help sometimes cannot do everything alone you fucking clown if he can help then something is better than nothing that is why I asked even if he cannot it do not hurt to ask fuck off my twitter weak ass nigga
@USERS Is it an act that DOJ employees are stalking Trump appointees and hitting them with staged protests? Is Maxine Waters part of the plan? Antifa? AG Sessions is not a part of any Plan. he is Stonewalling and protecting the status quo.
@USERS Funny how liberals dig up ex lovers or fakes when a strong conservative conadidate that will be paced.at this point they have ZERO credibility. ZERO!
@USERS where did you get that Kavanaugh does not want an investigation? CNN?
@USER She is incredibly stupid and perhaps the reason why she was chosen to 'entropy' the trade talks. Trudeau will destroy everything of reason in Canada. Would you allow a terrorist destroy Canada? Then why have Trudeau?
@USERS What about the game clincher. He beat the receiver by 5 yards yet the ball was long by 4 yards. Game was over if that catch happpen. He gives us another dimension. He is a problem when we align 4 receivers and audible to a run.
HOUSEHOLD NET WORTH $107 TRILLION http maga
@USERS She is a horrible at her job.maybe that is why her career is dying.
5 Things You Are NOT Doing But Should Be Doing For Your Blog To Succeed - Did You Think About 3 http http
@USER This lies how she got the key ! Why she do not admit she was in date or maybe had NSA with ? she is married ? What is true story ! BS ! Ok we all respct police officer but her story and excuse full of shit ! Please post her photo ! Let see how fat she is !
@USER you are a jerk. Attacking julie for standing by her husband. you are just like all the other liberals want to ruin peoples lives. How about you not bash people until he is found guilty. bet your client just wants MONEY!
@USERS sigh You are not an intelligent person. I am highlighting the variance in the use of far-right and far-left . That is all I am doing. Anything else you now fail to understand is your own fault. 
@USERS do not get on here saying that type of dumb shit
@USERSStop with your nonsense. You are a block. You are STUPID!
 @USER eric, his brother, his sister and daddy. among a lot of other crimes. stole money from their charity aka personal piggy bank and are being investigated. but here he is acting so dope . but he is nothing but a tool 
@USER Give him the Oscar!
@USERS Private companies do not give a toss about anything but profit. it is in their terms. They have no choice. it is what bizzniss is. The trouble comes when Randian deludes out for a directorship decide to ignore everyone else in the country and create an artificial market for health.
@USERS He is sick. Very disturbed. And that comment proves it!
@USERSDeplorables beware.some lights might be turned off.like streetlights
@USER As if a liberal beta male could engage in sex with a straight female.
@USER Is that how easily you are offended? Interesting. Good night sister. Hope someone brings a great twitter experience your way too.
@USER Well you are picking the wrong ones
A Madison resident who has posted a series of Anti-President Trump signs outside his or her home is at it again with another negative sign. http
@USER Ive judged that the old woman is an anti semite and Joan Ryan is right. You are playing semamtics. you are a disgrace.
@USER Brexit &amp conservatives as well that face with rolling eyes 
@USER It is true. The Sullivan Act innNew Yourk was enacted SPECIFICALLY to disarm ethnic minorities. They fuckat out said that was the purpose when it was enacted. Gun control in New York City is based on that law to this very day. Gun control does not disarm the privileged. Not at all.
morning joe Liberals and their selective outrage. http
@USER liberals are muck rakers. They have NO platform to run on. NONE! Culling vulnerable people from the late decades. of the last century. of the previous millennium. shows how desperate they are to be heard. Now they're loitering around high schools looking for rumors. Sad!
@USERS share the love you are my top influencers this week
 @USER England averages 26 gun murders per year. It is hilarious that you imply gun control does not work in the UK. This must be what Trump call Fake News . 
@USER same. Mom why do not you do art of real people? Me he is a real people.
@USER Well sure she would lend her support to the lying heifer making the false accusations. She has no more intelligence than the rest of the liberals acting out sombody!
@USERS 2 that is even an ANTIFA motto, By any means necessary 
@USERS Because Liberals are insane and by the way had this been a Democrat nominee and the accuser was a female conservative she would not be heard. Heck look at Keith Ellison's accuser who has proof. They've turned their back on her and she's a democrat! Why is the not helping her?
@USER Why cause you are unwilling to look at the science? http
@USERS Yes he is an excellent chairperson
 4 or Even before that, in 2015, Britain's most senior Foreign Office official that the Conservatives' prosperity agenda was now more high up the list of priorities than human rights http http 
@USER Burt was awesome.
@USER already my ass i had so many fucking shots tonight
@USERS Yep. Sure do. And he is been proving it on a daily basis. maga
@USERS man shrugging medium-dark skin tone if he is gay oh well face with tears of joy face with tears of joy he be havin mfs HOT! I like how he plays
@USER This is disgusting that this is happening. Strictest gun control laws - not working. Maybe legally allow people to arm themselves for protection - lighten up those tough gun rules that aren't working. Too many lives are lost in Chicago.
@USER Although I think that Carter was a decent man he was without a doubt the 2nd worst president in my voting history. 44 was the worst if there was any question.
@USERS He. Is. A. Sociopath.
@USER You obviously have no clue and CLEARLY you are not American! China became the largest foreign holder of US Debt in September 2008. They have been a major holder of US since at least 2000. YOU ARE WHATS WRIND WITH AMERICA http
@USER Wow he is away from his phone.
@USER I always thought conservatives cared about traditional values like honoring and protecting women. face with rolling eyes 
@USER Gun control is not about guns. Gun control is about control.
@USER I seriously have no more words for how fucked up he is. Every time I think I found the word he does something even more despicable &amp disgusting. The best I can do is hope that he chokes in his own vomit for all of the stupid lies he is told. Like a serial killer he has no soul.
@USERS if you are really concerned about anti-semitism in our society why have you both not condemned both The Tory Party &amp The Lib Dems for not yet adopting the IHRA? 
@USER But Tinubu is supporting this monster against us. The biggest Yoruba traitor of the modern days Yoruba politics is Tinubu!
- You want to start off with clean skin to get all of the benefits. - Pour your water into a small glass bowl. Make sure your water is still steamy. - Grab a towel. - Place your bowl somewhere you are comfortable standing.
@USER Looks Like The Jokes On Liberals Again. fort trump poland booming economy http
@USER Do you think that bothers the evil Nazi democrats or liberals they tried to rig a Presidential election and framing Kavanaugh is just another act of these evil Nazi democrats or liberals politicians to destroy Democracy and America ! walk away Make America Great
5 of 5 stars to You Are a Badass by Jen Sincero http
@USER Yeaaaahh she is! &lt 33 http
@USERS of coarse he is alex and many other nation leaders are as we ll lapdpgs http
@USERS An accusation is not an ambush. The fact that you call it one demonstrates a sickness in your heart and a sickness of today's conservatives.
@USER Again gun control law?
@USER Gun control . . . means being to hit what your aiming at! These elderly homeowner have great gun control!
@USER I will not be playing your game on android EVER as 1 I am downloading an all from an unknown source and 2 I think all Epic Games should be banned from the android system as you are stripping the revenue that pays for the dev and it is unfair on other devs like me pouting face 
 @USER face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy Her rights of threatening to destroy the lives and careers of some teens through her connections when they made a meme on her. In India too, only Leftists, Liberals and Islamists have FOE. Rest all is hate speech. 
@USERS Smudge is definitely team danny Here she is spreading the word! http
@USER You are sharper in retirement.
@USERS Businessmen need to stay in business, or they go out of business democrats who do not walk away have a hard time with concepts like profit and results , so no worries if you are still perplexed China? All the more reason we need trump tariffs trump train maga
@USER It sure is. Hope he is in the grand final side
@USER She Wants Gun Control? Figures http
@USER Everyone there knows that during any negotiation the first thing you do is send pallets of cash.
@USER At least you are getting more people to like it on Discord
@USER Liberals are SICK. This false accuser should be incarcerated for her bald-faced lies. http
@USERSSo the march is against antifa bigots and labour anti-semitism then? Did I get that right?
 Roy Moore Kavanaugh Accuser Jeff Bezos Dr. Melissa Bunny Satire Distant Past Allegations dr ellen brandt maga To most Republicans - and other Sane people - all allegations from the far distant past are equally credible - or incredible. rabbit rabbit rabbit http 
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http CCHQPress houses selector PM natfednews Today I can announce that new longer-term partnerships will be opened up to the most ambitious housing associations through a ground-breaking 2 billion initiative
@USER Thank you Jourdan! &amp Hayley is yours face with steam from nose she is literally in my DMs as we speak and still hasn't wished me happy birthday. Fake mom
@USERS We need gun control laws to be safer and changed in Florida. This is why I am voting for the Democrats to help make our environment and health care better for us all! Please get out and vote!
@USERS Look at her moving and not one word of Truth coming out of it. If you ever get a chance to ask that layer a question ask her do you agree with me that the Golan Heights belong to Syria . She is dead dead in the water she couldn't answer it without condemning herself true
 @USER The perpetrator is responsible for his own actions but you are ignoring that Maxine Waters &amp others are inciting violence. Do consider she said that they should not be able to eat, shop or do anything in peace . how would one survive without being able to trade? 
@USER yes he is the man 18N18
@USERS http a high-tech lynching for Uppity Republican Blacks' is fine, but raping women by liberals?' THEY ALL DO IT including Bill Clinton. 
@USER As we should declare ANTIFA a terrorists group and investigate all of it is members.
@USER You are stronger than you believe my beautiful sneaky pig. Dcl teaches us so much and I am grateful we have the chance to explore ourselves as we grow and learn loudly crying face red heart selector red heart selector http
@USERS blocked me also. I do not even know who he is
@USERSReally? And has he been charged. liberals are such liars!
@USER Bullshit.
@USER is internet banking down today. I've tried logging on several times but it keeps telling me I've either been logged off and gives me a number or it says you are experiencing technical difficulties.
@USERS He is a godless heathen 
@USERS She thought she would be low profile and help the Dem party get rid of Kavanaugh and she could remain anonymous. She most likely was promised this by the party. Now that she can be charged with perjury she will continue with playing a victim. She is not. Lying is a can of worms.
@USERS This is why Chicago won't enforce gun laws on the books or go into these neighborhoods These murders are planned by gun control liberals so as to pass very strict or even confiscation of guns. Black Luves do not matter to these liberals trying to pass their agenda. 2 Admendment
.@USER Conference is fast approaching and we will soon be heading to Birmingham. Check out our programme of events below backhand index pointing down rainbow blue heart http http
@USERS He shot himself in a gun free zone. So much for gun control laws
@USERS The clinton news network strikes again.
@USERS rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing Deep Throat
 @USER I'd argue it is pointless to keep asking him the questions in the first place, what else is he supposed to say? And speaking of running with a quote, I do not believe I said I liked it in any way. You can tho unamused face . See, this is how things get misconstrued. 
@USERS TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP MAGA!
@USER He is like Holy jesus fucken Christ 
@USER Only liberals would find this exceptable. Unless done to them and then let the tears begin that they are being hunted.
@USER Another child killed by a gun . broken heart crying face folded hands How can ANYONE not agree that stricter gun control laws are needed in FL? not one more gun control now
@USER For lying? How much is the DNC or Soros or Antifa paying her? How's your Chinese spy doing?
 @USER They filled.but hey, Trump wife in her divorce also accused him of abuse. About the whole hey, if she stays with him he is not an abuser , you have a pattern of ignoring reality, abused women do not always react as you seem to believe. 
@USER good one ! Now listen up Sparky your wife is a disease she is a bought and paid for evil soulless propaganda arm for child murderers and Russian agents. So stick with your cutsie tweets but I'd prepare for a long prison sentence if i were you.
@USER Fucking sucks when the refs are against you. kill the zebras
@USER CNN can do better. They can get down to 60% disapproval in no time.
@USERS We already have gun control. Who would have thought that criminals wouldn't follow the law? Let's make more laws telling them not to break THOSE laws!
@USER why do conservatives always assume that a women making these allegations is lying?
@USERS If she is lying she needs to be sued for defamation of character and include Chuck Schumer and Dianne Feinstein in the lawsuit! Proof isn't substantiated by a bunch of man hating PC me two girls that want free sex and then abortions paid for by the Government! 
@USER + constantly reminded of how blessed she is.
The Whole World can see what President Trump has accomplished and Americans by-and-large are extraordinarily proud of the Trump Administration. It makes no difference what the Left and its Mainstream New Media dedicated conartists try and pull on us. We are AWAKE maga http
@USERS He is so sweet!
@USER Please tell that to your fellow Soros Lackies of Antifa
@USER I get what you are saying Brent. But Auburn had just lost the SEC championship game. You know bowl game are a lot of which team actually wants to be there
@USER They meet many many fans it is amazing that he remembered her do not be a bitch
@USER I hope this is not true but it is another good death nail in the liberals chances. Amazing how they have no respect for the money of hard working Canadians
@USER that is deplorable. Still haven't explained why this is relevant to me somehow. I've also appeared on the same exact show with an AntiFA homosexual who has HIV.
@USER Thank You red heart Followed ! Have A Great Day folded hands maga http
@USER Nothing. he is Already Showed You Who He Is. 9 or 10 He Isn't going to Change. &amp You Need To Leave. because By Staying you are Showing Him That you are Excepting Him As He Is &amp That He does not Need To Change.
@USERS Can you ask Dana how worried she is for her home in South? Carolina? Is it close to the coast? I am currently in N. Carolina 1st time visiting and I get welcomed w or a hurricane! Lordy day. sad but relieved face fearful face 
@USERS They could just be people on holiday. 
 @USER Wow. that is still tall for an 11-year-old. My son is in the 91st percentile for height at 13yo --- he is exactly 5'8 but wears a size 8.5 shoe. 
@USERS The vast majority of counterprotestors were normal Cville residents. There were a few antifa and a few BLM people. All violence was instigated initially by the white supremacists. Antifa protected clergy members and black residents.
@USERS Conservatives characterize an attempted rape allegation as bullsh t then wonder why liberals describe them as anti-woman. The right thing to do is properly investigate the allegation. If she lying then prosecute her. If she's telling the truth Kavanaugh shouldn't be confirmed.
@USERS they are bullshit stats. but say isn't london the murder capital of europe now? that gun control working right? germany having some SERIOUS crime problems. maybe you should take care of business at home be4 you start tweeting about the US
.@USER You are deplorable despicable disgusting! http
@USER Democrats equals to Thugs
@USER And you can see how close he is to tears. I know how hard it is to lose an old friend. They're irreplaceable.
 Heather Mac Donald Colleges Teach Students to See Bias Where It does not Exist http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS I never watch the NFL !' Panthers suck by the way !
@USERS I have indeed.A watered down needy statement. Not the robust condemnation in no equivocal terms one would expect. It begins with We note with disappointment. Such a diluted response suggests one thing fear of the tories who clearly show no gratitude for your help &amp support. 
@USERS Which is also posturing nonsense. If they want to oust her they'd forward the requisite letters to their part whip and she would be facing a leadership challenge. Her 'challengers' are as gutless and witless as she is.
@USERS and supporting the right to peacefully protest. supporting sensible gun control. Thank you for supporting America! Ford We respect the right of NFL players to protest - CNNMoney http
@USER LMFAO NO But he is in his undies
@USER he is another one of the puke pool! it is getting pretty full I can tell you that for sure!
@USER Someone's is asking if Davido wasn't supposed to be in Camp? Oga madam park well! Davido's business is non of your business. Na you send am go school? Haterz. chop shit n die
@USER You are amazing! http
@USER Interesting that the GOP and even liberals are placing the burden on the accuser. This isn't a trial but an examination of whether Judge Kavanaugh reaches a high enough standard to shape you.S. law for several decades. The burden is on him.
@USERS Not only the Antifa got quite alot Israel supporters. You'll find Israeli flags at the right winger protest just as well. Oh the irony http
@USERS that is a simplistic comparison. Population density and poverty levels are big contributors. You need a massive cultural shift and constitutional amendments for gun control to be effective like in other countries. In the mean time people will keep dying.
@USERS And they aiming right way you WHOOO WHOOO !
@USERS as of right now my only solid position is that the NRA has become far too influential in politics and as a result they have delayed the desire for gun control for about 20 years.
@USERS Islamists or Antifa or leftists would not allow us to lay a wreath in memory of the 9 or 11 victims
@USER I do not need to see this film.ANTIFA see Nazi propaganda
@USER . What's failing miserably is this 11th hour ambush by the liberals. Every minute christina blase y ford refuses to commit to appearing she and people like you lose credibility. I love it! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy t cot p2
@USERS She can probably suck the chrome off a trailer hitch though. http
 Bam! There she is! http
@USERS A clear majority of conservatives approve of Trump and the GOP. do not be stupid.
@USERS She is. Seriously. Ive cried so hard when I read her DM where she wrote to me I care and I've cried because I was happy not sad and yeah that made my day
@USERS At times this all seems fake and made up. It does to me anyway because its not being disguised in any way. There blatant hatred shows he is the enemy or something. Who really knows. Assumptions can be made from across the isle and from fringe and alternative news and media.
@USER And you think that the US does not have a gun control problem.?
@USER Awww kaise bache ki tarah she is holding his finger loudly crying face smiling face with heart-eyes hugging face 
@USERS Obama is s sweet talker but very dangerous in his views and the actions he took and the scandals he has. Giving weapons &amp money to terrorists. He aligned himself and bowed to them. Shadow Government to sabotage President Trump. Obama uses soros to fund antifa blm
@USER Avoid this movie- Un American.
@USER God help us. the woman cannot even get coherent sentence out of her mouth.
9.15am appointment with a specialist and she is already running 45 minutes behind schedule. Front end booking strategy so she never has in paid appointments all day. The arrogance of medical specialists is impressive. Architects could learn a lot from them.
@USERS You are very beautifull
@USERS And congress should be looking into keith ellison allegations regarding abuse as well! stop the bias walk away democrats 2018 redwave2018 maga http
. heart suit selector Levi Strauss &amp Co. is donating more than $1 million over the next 4 years to nonprofits &amp youth activists working to end gun violence by establishing the Safer Tomorrow Fund &amp partnering with gun control group Everytown for Gun Safety. levis never again gun sense now http
 16 However, his views I do not agree with. -He does not believe in climate change. -He opposites a woman's right to have an abortion. -He thinks gender issues are black &amp white --- Me man, you woman. - &lt imagine in a Tarzan voice&gt --- -Gun control does not exist to him. 
@USER Cue the gun control crowd.
 it is TRUE! maga no collusion http
@USERS She is a Future World Champion!
@USERS No that is Antifa
@USERSOk. You win.
theresa May Using labour party Policies to Cling On To her Weak and Wobbly Government housing crisis housing market the conservatives are the Corrupt landowners tories out corruption
@USERS Sick! I hope he is not teaching!
@USER The killer is in the house. maga wall does not protect from americans
@USER Hollywood is full of demonic democrats.
.@USER Concern about a8 and charters was and is bipartisan. http http
@USERS You know the university can withdraw its certificate if they feel like you are disgracing them right? So even if you have graduated you should still not disrespect the school.
@USERS You are so pretty!?
@USERSyou are so sexy girl. all of you are smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS Not good - is this what your followers wanted? http
@USERS you are running scared! clown face 
@USER Until he is dead. Because even after he is out of office he will likely command the news cycle for a long time.
Actions - H.R.610 - 115th Congress 2017-2018 To distribute Federal funds for elementary and secondary education in the form http evil greedy hateful pigs education maga betsy devos
@USER Trust me it aint ok to hit 16 - 21 year olds if you are 25 - 30 in my opinion . But where were her parents?
@USERS Where is Joseph mifsud Dems do not want to find him. He is the key.
@USERS He is evading suspension
@USER Disagree he was chosen explicitly to make the President immune to the rule of law. All of his heinous beliefs on women's rights and gun control are just the frosting to make the GOP confirm him.
All aboard maga http
@USER Remind me of Antifa ratbags.
AfD Like a BOSS AfD-Ordner reagiert COOL Antifa Niedersachsen http shakin that
98% of all mass shootings occur in gun free zones. Our cities with the highest gun crimes and murders are the cities with the most strict gun control laws. YOUR idea of disarming everyone does not work because CRIMINALS do not OBEY LAWS and see easy unarmed prey. http
@USERS Conservatives who love draft dodgers. I love it.
@USER The washed-out idiot biden feels he has a chance by insulting all conservatives who are supporting their great potus i do not think so CRAZY JOE!
@USER Fair &amp square. Remember that when you are thinking why! The laws are why. The people spoke and they will again http
@USERSThey got out the info they wanted out there. Its no co-incidence that tory Shamifesto ge2010 said womens SPA would START rising slowly from 2020. They did not want us to know They even discussed not telling us in HOC To this day they refuse to engage 1950sborn women one voice
@USER That she is holding a benz car key key 
@USERS Then talk to your oresident. he is the one taking the money.
@USER She is also The Rocks wife
@USERS LIAR! What supporters is she talking about? I was embarrassed when our last president went on a world apology tour and he even bowed to them like he was their servant! http
@USER it is funny because it is like gun control.it does not work
 @USER They eliminated several due to too many figures kids have to memorize. - awe. OH WELL. They also eliminated Barry Goldwater. That is a travesty. He is the father of true liberatarianism. He was not against civil rights. He was against Government having power to police thought. 
@USER Everyone saying Fuck Russ do not know a damn thing about him or watched the interview man shrugging selector man shrugging selector man shrugging selector 
@USER And I suggest using a Grand Jury to remove Holder and ALL the other vermin associated with the Obozo administration including Obozo himself! Mr. Sessions.DO YOUR JOB!
@USER EXCELLENT! Her welfare check awaits.
@USERS He is the type of person who believes what is trending on twitter is collective reality.
@USER The set-up that led to the second Hogan touchdown shows how much of a threat he is and how much defenses respect where he is on the field
@USERS with the caption so much for the tolerant left . yup you fit the description of ANTIFA . I suspect you are not a threat as I doubt you can attack any reporters from your mom's basement. 
@USERS Took you this long! He is a beast and has been for yonks
@USERS Michael Moore needs to move out of the country as he promised if won!
@USER I think Michelle spilled Democrats plans for civil war. liberals are lunatics
@USER Perhaps he is going to talk about pedestal and all the collusion by the HRC campaign! After all this investigation is not only to be about Prasident Trump. Plenty of illegal activity by the dnc and Clinton campaign!
@USER Everyone in the US heard you were clearly not qualified to do this job and voted accordingly.
@USERSFollowing all maga patriots please follow back thumbs up lions den lion face maga2kag United States 
@USER That never would happen had not they are taking notes from American Liberals
@USERS Got knocked out in the first round and one a shitty decision
@USERS We r working 2 save our country from people like you. Appropo you you setting the flag on fire just like you set justice on fire. lock her up maga
@USERS Ask the UN why? Ask liberals why?
@USERS But will she stand up and do the right thing.She is a RINO.
@USER Condemn antifa NOW
@USER Hard to know where Colin's lips stop and Nike begins
@USERS it is OK that you are confused. Paul Guenther is a proven DC and play caller. We are rebuilding and trying to remain competitive at the same time. We will have steady improvement
@USERS They should dress him in an Ice Uniform no weapons and make him walk the boarder at night calling for the drug cartel.
@USER You guys have featured splendidrainco's etsy page and she is being censored by etsy now. You cannot find her site through the search engine you have to have a direct link. And according to her instagram post they have been basically leaving her out to dry.
.@USER - we're counting on you to save the Conservatives from leading this country of ours from falling off the economic precipice that grows dangerously close! HELP!
@USERS ! ! do not forget Too soon to talk about gun control.
@USER He is contacting his followers
@USER If this fan were paying any attention at all they would know you are about to bite into an heirloom apple DUH.
@USERS Get her underoath and if she lies she should go to jail just like everyone else who lies if she is telling the truth she has nothing to worry about
@USERS Where is your source for that?
@USERSWell then . Let's kick the tires and light the fires! maga wwg1wga kag liberalism is a mental disorder http
@USERS Even London do not like conservatives.
 @USER She is a he. 
. she. is the most powerful woman on this earth oh my fucking god http
@USERS Birch me too. da fuck
@USERS Only Liberals sexuality children's puppets. tuesday thoughts
@USERS All you.S. World War Two vets are antifa.
@USER You are changing the world
@USERS Cheers matey clinking glasses clinking glasses 
@USERS Bwahahaha-work? They are Liberal tools,honest work is for the Conservatives who they depend on to support their chubby little selves. Also,I hear they are getting $50 and free food to be protesters. 
@USERS Conservatives want the PM to submit to their friends in the wh and the Kremlin. Trudeau should stand his ground and stand for Canada
@USER What would happen if she were to support gun control? Would the NRA help her opponent?
@USERS Of course not she is young and dumb. If she really had a brain she wouldn't believe in socialism
@USER It is loudly crying face you get to see a good game and niggas working woman shrugging light skin tone 
@USER Yet you guys spent the best part of 5 years speculating Obamas birth. Hypocrisy is the trademark of conservatives it seems.
@USER Gabole negatif thinking dong
@USER I cannot believe Quin invented gun control
MAGA thumbs up KEEPING AMERICA GREAT thumbs up http
@USER he is small and he needs someone BIG to clear the beach for him
California - Creepy Fake Uber Driver Tries to Follow Woman Into Her Home maga kag california fake uber driver body wrap restraint crime news http
@USER One day I kiss you One day you are prince I bought ETH at 400$ And I lost my hardwallet in A place in my world You are one of A troll Love
@USERS Of course she is.
@USERS That head flick at 0 05 is her ego taking a hit. She cannot take criticism. She is a weak incompetent authoritarian.
@USERS You know good and goddamn well that if you tried to explain all the gun control on a military base is proof that gun grabbing laws won't do shit if you look at Fort Hood.
@USER Horseshit
@USER Ulster unionists care nothing for conservatives whom reciprocate in kind. A Terrible partnership where true leadership and negotiation was needed. Irish border if hardened will result in lives being lost . once more.
@USER Is Beto pro-2A or is he for gun control? Where does he stand?
@USERS I wonder if these are the false flags we were expecting. http http great awakening q a non follow the white rabbit maga http
@USERS president maduro Feasts with salt bae as venezuelans Flee starvation I give you. your socialist heaven.! http http bbc sky lbc labour labour party jeremy corbyn usa venezuela
@USER Manafort has been on K street for a long time. He knows things. Deep dark things. I agree. He is going to burn some folk. Mueller already knows who he wants. Manafort is going to give them up.
@USER Do not think so maybe do a little research buddy!
. and the RINO speaks. again Sassy has been one of the most frequent and vocal critics of Trump policies calling out Trump for his handling of issues ranging from gun control to tariffs Thinks about quitting do not the door door hit you http foxnews
@USERS Those are some lucky people on Tulsa! Saw this and needed to share with a fellow fan of Levi's jeans. Yet another reason to love our Levi's! http
@USER For being bang 10yrs ago n now the statue of liberty? The left have gone bonkers.
@USERS Sorry Andrew but your policies will be too close to the Liberals policies and you do not seem trustworthy.
@USERS Its not that he can not dye the hair the way he wants it is part of the concept they promote using the haircolors from the music video .all these things are planned well before hand . And you are leaving the part Jin actually says they do not listen to their company.
@USERS I know. Why should they? english conservatism
@USERS Sounds like he joined antifa . Government. of wa state recently took anti- police stance won't sign certificates recognizing top 20 law enforcement officers for police combat competition excellence thin blue line maga kag blue lives matter law enforcement 2a 
@USERS He is running the team the way preller tells him to
7. You both do not live to impress people but you are comfortable in your skins and still bring out the best in each other. adam and eve
parkland kids misappropriated the phrase never again in order to do exactly the opposite of what it originally stood for. http
@USER No doubt progressive Nazi Antifa Liberal Democrats do.
@USERS do not really need to try and out virtue signal the liberals. Not wasting taxpayer dollars on foriegn invaders is enough of an argument.
@USERS Alt-right are losers and whiners w or no power. They do not matter. Many right-wing oligarchs fund Antifa to attack Alt-right. Russian intel funds both Antifa and Alt-right. Russia hawks are onto something. Alt-right are pro-Russia.
@USER Arrest everyone of them! We should be doing the same to ANTIFA when they block roads!
@USERS PROUD OF YOU SWEET red heart selector 
@USER You mean it does not last like this forever? He is playing for a contract.
@USER Excellent timing! http
@USERSGood list. Keep it going
@USER you couldn't catch me letting some saggy whitey bitch talkin like this to me tired face bitch eat dirt
victoria secrets being political? oh my god. give it up. You are killing half your profits when you slur Conservatives. United States kag http
@USERS James she is neck deep in her own confirmation bias she is unable to see logic and reason at this point.
@USER About fifty deaths per weekend caused by guns in Chicago which has very strict gun control laws-
 .@USER I am not installing your shitty app, but put me down for 100% for the second amendment or campus carry, 100% against gun control except violent felons . http 
@USER Conservatives have no class. How is Andy the failed insurance huckster doing these days? http
@USER He must see a lot of himself in them.
@USER Keep up the good work you do. And ignore the haters that attack you. You are a good lady!
conservatives left frustrated as congress passes big spending bills. t cot http
@USER do not mess with niggas from Marcy projects george Zimmerman! You going to get lit!
@USER man I woulda just started hitting the wall with that shit. It ain't nothing by dry wall and some wood beams. I am getting through that door if I am him.
willie nelson laughs at conservatives on The View for suddenly being outraged by his support of Democrats http
@USERS Oh he is getting louder!
@USERS He can admit that 3000 Americans died on his watch. You should remind him he is President of all of us.
@USERS Fuck yes ride it baby!
@USER A good person turns people in doing crimes. To say Satan made them do it is unthinkable. Satan wouldn't turn the child abusers in. What is this progressive pope thinking?
@USER Christianity is against abortion. It considers abortion as murder. Chelsea does not under Christianity &amp probably does not even go to church.
@USERS jajaja Too funny. I have never heard ever speak bad about ANTIFA. Time to denounce them now.
@USERS I like Alex Bowman but he is not a rookie
@USER she is and tea is she used to be in the program oop
@USER Have you ever seen the former Democratic hierarchy fight against the president so much? We know it is because you've been so corrupt and guilty of abuse of power. it is our darkest times with the DOJ or CIA and Presidential cabinet
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http theresa may We have three fantastic shortlisted Conservative candidates for Mayor of London in ShaunBaileyUK andrewboff and joymorrissey - all proud advocates for London. If y http
@USER hopefully you are an asu fan and not you of a
 @USER , read the title and you already know whats coming. .who support common sense solutions to reducing gun violence, How is gun violence different from other violence? What is a non-automatic firearm? What is common sense gun control? Is it like Chicago, NY,. London?. 
@USERS Somebody do something! This show sucks anymore! The set designers are good though! fire mal young
 #PeoplesVote stop br exit @USER remain I do not want to go. either, You know what, After we leave, My slogans going to be It used to be better than this should have stayed in. Useless goverment. http 
@USERS it is ok Legatron we know you are the best and will bounce back with a new team! Keep yo head up http
@USER Maybe they will Havana an Antifa race war &amp slam the dildos out of each others butts.
@USERS Yeah. he is very immature &amp can dish out criticism while crying and blocking instead of accepting any. it is cool. Folks can see him for who he is mostly.
@USERS But what makes you think they are liberals? There is nothing liberal about any of that. These people spent the '90s insulting liberals, publicly humiliating black activists, and openly attacking the New Deal. Where is the liberal part? They passed GOP policies! 
@USER What the fuck is this they're trying to set him up so it looks like he somehow deserved to be shot
@USER Because claims if sex assault and rape are only political weapons to them.
@USERS Here come the beta liberals convo muted you can cry all day to yourselves.
@USER seriously it sucks. When ur living life it is full of bullshit rules we just gotta suck up to survive
@USERS Connections are vital with all of the crap Twitter forces on conservatives.
Ain't got shit done today
@USERS Typical violent antifa. hooligans are stalking California causing mayhem. http
@USERS do your job do the right thing - you all know well what a stellar scotus judge kavanaugh will B-a documented lifetime of excellence do not B puppets obstructing who is maga &amp kag confirm kavanaugh now maga kag
@USER Laws not just for Conservatives or an unpopular group with the Media. Women have long failed other women and the Me Too is no more sincere than the Feminist movement was about Bill Clinton or Ted Kennedy.
 @USER Well remember how the cops in San Jose stood down and watched as antifa thugs armed with bats,bottles &amp pepper spray attacked Trump rally goers? They were just following orders . that is what most soldiers &amp cops do. Soldiers follow orders &amp cops protect their paycheck. SAD. 
 #GreatestThingsAboutThe90s NOTHING. The treacherous lefty media people made sure Benny Hill was taken off TV and even more treacherous conservatives conspired to remove Maggie Thatcher as our leader then almost fatally signed us even deeper into the extremely hostile commie EU 
@USERS Totally fair. But the times it is happened to Serena in very important grand slam matches at the same slam. I get why shed be emotional. We're not in her shoes. Every match she is expected to win and it is clear she's not handling her nerves well anymore in these matches.
@USER hope all is well. that is so fucked. Like seriously what the fuck is wrong with people now. Gun control is no issue though right. Thank God I live in Canada. Feel brutal for all the attacks in the you.S.A but seriously it won't go away.
@USERS Twisted Dem talk exhibited as Sen Feinstein insists Kavanaugh answer how he would handle a specific case. Seems Ginsburg rule not important to her when she is fishing for a specific answer!
@USERSFollowing all patriots please fb
@USERS that is just depressing. Good churches are getting hard to find. Few and far between. I know people who belong to churches that espouse gun control and abortion! that is politics - not God! Not Christ!
 @USER Ouch that hurt Well anyway you are? 
@USER GOOD middle finger them !
@USERS it is good that is taking a page out of book by hiring more high power woman in leadership roles. If only he was as good of a leader as potus45 maybe the mavericks wouldn't be in the position they are now. mark cuban me too maga
@USERS Liberals and their games
@USERS I wonder if they will burn their Levis since has come out in favor of gun control? Levi Strauss teams up with gun control group We cannot stand by silently http http 
@USERS Good shit my bad though
@USERS Jack Nicas just covered up for Google. They basically scratch each other's back to sell the globalist agenda. people now get a rare glimpse into the fake news media
can poli conservatives are excellent at running up debt and enriching their special interests. http
@USERS Hey why do not you just leave then? it is ok we'll be ok without you. Let us know how much better things are where you end up.
@USER And do not say anything towards me because my cousins are Puerto Rican my answer Puerto Rican none of them blame from they ain't playing the mayor of Puerto Rico the Government
@USERS Immediately. Anyone gets out of line they will get a 1 on 1 talk by og ragey. Guaranteed everyone will behave. Reeee.
@USERS he is NO POPE!
@USERS that is so sad and terrifying I know it is been dropped to a 2 but all the reports I've seen says that does not mean shit for this storm. All you have to do is look at pictures of that thing to realize it is a fucking BEAST
@USER When atmosphere turns greenish tint from greenhouse gases and humans eat humans in candy bar form maybe I'll care. MAGA!
@USERS There are thousands apon thousands of videos on YouTube alone of Antifa attacking people just for being at Trump rallies or Republican events. This is not happening anywhere to Democrats. This is on a widespread scale and people like you try to lie and obfuscate to cover them
@USERS See the mess Europe is for PR examples. Giving liberals a go at anything in Government always ends in disaster. you are welcome http
ANTIFA in Canada demand to be let into a Government meeting http
@USERS Boycott NFL Continues thumbs up 
A mood. http
@USERS She can lie in the shit she created
@USERS Maybe stop attacking Conservatives and you might find they do not retaliate.
@USER I cannot wait till antifa dorks get shot trying this.
@USERS that is really hard hitting stuff! why not grill him on how his party along with the bought AUSTERITY not for the rich but for the poor the sick and disabled and ask if they are STILL feeling the efects? oh no you wont TORY RUN media!
@USER thinking of leaving this is a joke now! I spend all my time connecting for it just to disconnect again!
@USERS I know the brown shirts in the UK were not an arm of Government then but ANTIFA and the protection they receive from our police and as shown the German Police seem to act like it. 
@USERS That is just awful ! He never was much anyway! A grown man acting like that a bully ! Best to you and hubby Mark ! MAGA United States 
@USERS What award. Head of the Nazi antifa violence movement
After you declare ANTIFA a terrorist's organization then start collecting the names of all the professors involved http
@USERS You do understand we need Europe right?
.@USER Just another Republican hater! It amazes me that liberals do not like Republican's money money bag Colin you are fired! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy #BoycottColinJost emmy awards http
@USER She does not remember? Of course she does not! She is making it up as she goes and with the help of her therapist and all the others that believes her BS story. Maybe if she gets hypnotized she will miraculously remember more details freaking liars liberals obstructionist face with symbols on mouth 
@USER And yet he is . Better than anyone before him nauseated face 
@USERS You speak the Truth about &gt louis Farrakhan &lt . he is a raging anti-Semite &amp racist.
@USER He needs a long look in the mirror
@USER Kingggg
@USER The beauty of this. Just like the dems inventing the nuclear option the next time a liberal is up for consideration for scotus we conservatives will know what to do.
@USER I LOVE YOUR WIT! You are clearly perceptive and very smart - one of the best to play this game - just played too hard like Andy said.
@USER I ain't fucking w or you today 
 Ed Rendell Says Dems Will Retake House By 10 to 20 Seats http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER The Irony is that most murders are done by illegal gun users who are gang members . This predominantly only affects Latino and black families. The problem is not gun control the problem is judges who let violent gun offenders back on Street after shooting someone.
@USER I've been asking myself the same question and it is because he is such a phony. If He is such a fan of cleveland why is and he still playing for the Cavaliers the POS. he is trying to save face with the Fanbase and it is so obvious that is his fakeness! But stupid people will buy in
 Finally at my sister's apartaments Instant reminder that she is ungrateful brat and I am much more happy without seeing her
@USERS Oh WOW! You look like a 1980's Porn Star love it
@USER Corrupt dcrats in charge in PR the big problem
@USER no he came back to nyc w ducky
@USERS you do not think bad stuff happens to men in cars? Shit happens to everyone it is just your mindset on how you deal with possible issues like that. You cannot spend your whole life worrying about something that most likely won't happen to you. But it is your life do ur thing .
professor Who Shot Self Over Trump Says Gun Control Was Actual Goal ar15 http http
@USERS Except he is. His administration has allowed crime in the city to skyrocket. You bloody leftist snake.
@USER all conservatives are bad people
@USER Burt Reynolds was a man's man. None like him nor will there ever be again.
@USER Everyone in my orbit is totally backing Serena today! She is totally validated with her actions and handled it with grace and character. I am sorry for her experience but i feel that respect for her has grown beyond the tennis world raising hands medium-light skin tone two hearts 
@USERS This. Is. Not. A. Trial. was exactly my point. She is not obligated to present evidence there that could otherwise be presented more convincingly in a different environment.
@USER Bring back Janet Yellen. She is the author of low prime rate and stable growth &amp income.
staff pick 'A human rights crisis' US accused of failing to protect citizens from gun violence http
@USERS I know you guys are scared of ANTIFA
@USERS They'd be fired if they came out supporting Trump. Twitter would probably release their addresses to that pedo group.what's their name again.oh yeah.Antifa.
@USERS Now that is a diffrent situation but either way you gotta appreciate considering the fact that he is actually liking it just to impress it means he aint like that
@USERS We love an eagles family
Kyky do you love me ? Are you in Anfield ? Putain la cliiimmmm liv psg
@USERS Agreed. Antifa is totally ate up with worms. In fact they are worms.
@USER Disgusting. He is going down and taking the whole church with him. My God.
@USER Obama was the devil incarnate &amp Trump is Jesus Christ himself. I get where you are coming from.
@USER What did you just notice that he is not actually a good speaker just a good reader
 @USER Dear Paul McFartney- You had us at Beatles. You lost us at President Mad Captain. Burn in hell- Jon. http 
@USER Harley is the right choice for public education. He is the right choice at the right time for Orange County. Rouda is a moderate.pro business.pro family.and the only one who is pro American.
@USER Liberals have the numbers and money. Conservatives would get smoked. Kansas alone gets beat inside of 2 hours.
@USERS Not sure bout Antifa But His notion of an Open Society was informed by his mentor Karl Popper This motivates him to be anti-border and anti-nationalism Which is fine he is allowed try shape the world his way As long as his core philosophy isn't incorrect Which it is
@USERS NRA tweet was a fraud more than half of Americans say gunrights are the most important issue. Falsehood. The 53% was gun rights or gun control , and CA question indicates biase towards control. Deliberate knowing propaganda. http http 
100% Follow Back Conservatives must stand united! @USER trump45 maga2kag United States http
@USER Isn't that just a nerd
@USER is way too good to be out of the nfl He is better than quite a few starters in the league and better than all of the 2nd &amp 3rd string QB's in the league. give kap a chance I am with kap
@USERS There trying that now and it is not working. He is still getting everything done.
@USERS doesn.t the state of Israel do exactly the same but you are a friend of theirs. how come they are different and you see them as a Friend.
@USERS has anyone realized chuck is trying use blue in his twitter account and not specify weather he is dem or rep? He is being deceptive of who and what he is so people may pic him not knowing what party he associates with
@USERS Maybe they should have started the checks 10 years ago Arron then there wouldn't be so many Bloody Liberals in the Party.
@USER He is resting because he cannot take another humiliation by Pakistan 180
@USERS I think we should. But no I do not think most American do. We divide ourselves in groups along social issues Conservatives or liberal . Probably because we do not have a labor party. Or a party that truly cloaks itself in labor identity.
 @USER There is no deal to be made on gun control, knob. The 2nd Amendment is a right that no one can deal away. 
@USERS Love it that SHE's willing to pay the price .that someone else will pay. Liberals are INSANE 
@USERS Antifa methinks !
@USERS Crying babies !
@USERS Its legal in India and if you adult women only you have to sign it you do not need the other person signature why this rabble rousing in India take it to Vatican &amp Ireland etc take it where it is banned Church preachers not to do abortion even if you are raped?
@USERS skull face with tears of joy face with tears of joy you for buy give we all
@USERS No he is in some other world he dreamed of when he was on drugs in colledge
@USERS needs to take action instead of turning a blind eye to what occurred. It was shameful behaviour, tantamount to organised bullying. Reprehensible just a word. If she ignores it. she is part of problem. Ineffective leadership entrenches this rot in ALP party culture 
The Trump Alert System in action. trump2020 trump2020 maga http
@USER nah my foodie ass will gladly say it. that works on absolutely no one's fucking palate.
@USERS me too resistance blm antifa kae per nick all nothing but false outrage.
@USER But he IS.
@USER Another Pile of B or S By the Former A-G !
@USERS was supposed to be Monday
@USERS He is! it is his first regression too 
@USERS What services will you cut? If the answer is 'none' what specific 'waste' will you eliminate? Without an answer to these your commitment is nothing but political flannel.
 WHY . it is their trail of corruption . and they have so much of it going on, and at all times, they do not want any slips . do not want American people to know who they really are AND WHAT THEY'VE BEEN UP TO . maga http 
@USER Just followed you! Nice to know there are liberals in Florida! Adearfriendnjust moved there and is surrounded by red!
@USERS This is what I get from Twitter liberals. http
@USER Amir you are doing a great job
@USER Burt Reynolds was the first so called Mega Star.
@USERS From who? people from ANTIFA who r mad at her? We vote libs assault! But SHES LYING so I do not care! MAGA KAVA
 @USER The crap they come up with as excuses comes from dogooodthers, lawyers, lefties, liberals who commit their time to assisting and helping these criminals. No excuses mate, you committed a crime, you pay for it, hard and long! 
@USER you are interested in making me glance at your tweets because I think you are Nintendo for a split second.
@USERS WHY do not YOU GET A JOB THAT HAS HEALTH CARE OR BETTER YET GET OFF YOUR LAZY ASS AND LOOK FOR BETTER INSURANCE
@USER that is so fucked up oh my god in my old hs there's open campus and for every period you skip there's a 200 dollar fine 
@USERS I believe gun control should consist of guarding your firearms from thivery and kids.
@USERS The fake and bake twins!
@USER I miss you bitch!
Again if the economy is booming why is gas so MOF high 2nd question this is for the maga cult how will making cars go half as far on gas doubling your cost to fill your tank make Fucking sense to you? tuesday thoughts http
16 postal workers slaughtered in Oklahoma with 12-gauge Winchester 1300 pump-action shotgun. The NRA calls gun control research 'unethical'.
@USER Good for business.
@USERSNS liberals will sell out fishermen in a heartbeat. These N.S. Liberals are probably in line looking for private sector handouts. Big money tied to Kameron Coal. do not care about Nova Scotians. Look at health and education. Fisheries next?
 FBI Had Two Sets Of Records On Trump Investigation Comey, McCabe Implicated Carter http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERSOh. Low blow or blow job. 
@USER to quit sex?
@USERS Yeah. Well you do not deserve to be free! Funny how this started on slaves and ended up on you wanting to be one! Be sure and thank the Dems for creating the KKK and ANTIFA! Their contributions to the fabric of American politics.
@USERS Dear Fatties Against Fascism. walk away from the Democrats. Antifa equals to Democrats equals to Dixiecrats equals to KKK There are no fascists in America. Same hate. Different colored hoods. Party of hate since 1828 http
@USERS Ask the black Panthers whent well thrill Milford act. ask why the first gun control listed niggers could not touch guns under penalty of death. Also glad you can see that all the gun control has never been for reduction of violence it is about enforcing tyranny http
@USER So happy for you and your dad! My dad had the same kind of cancer but stage 4. He was diagnosed in 2016 and passed away this passed January. My mom is kicking leukemia's ass since Nov. of 2015 and she is doing awesome!
@USERSPretty much. As I've stated I believe is gun control just not this aspect of it. The guns aren't the problem the people who shouldn't have guns are. Where do we draw the line. How do we prevent bad or crazy people from shooting up a crowd. Surely we do not have the answer
@USER do not use his NJ address. He is never there.
@USERS I disagree. See Antifa. 
@USERS Looks like Liberals are trying to hide this truth. http
@USER Maybe she is just supporting a pill that aborts all computer emails. Seems to have worked for her pretty well. Coming to stores soon the Bleachbit Pill. If you buy now they will include a free sledge hammer as well.
@USERS You should reach out to Paul.berger He is teaching &amp researching these classes. &amp he is fierce &amp great! V. Ethical.
@USER face with tears of joy a What? You are Better then a futanary Work! You are real!
@USERS Isis apparently obama let them run the world. Getting nuked by korea? BLM destroying cities. Antifa?
@USERS Because he knows for a fact gun control works and it is proven to work and cannot find anyother reinforcement for his argument other than those yee haw laws
-- @USER in the sitting room making herself a drink. Her shoulders are raised indicating how tense she is. I walk over to her and start to make myself a drink as well. You know you made things more --
@USER I feel like this happens at the library except they argue a .30 fine because they do not appreciate us and think she is doing us a favor by patronizing the library. But the family of seven with a huge fine on multiple picture books will write out a check then and there.
@USER I couldn't agree more us conservatives need to take our country back. maga
@USERS Listen to General Flynn speech. Read his plea deal wwg1wga maga the rainmakers q a non q army http
@USER See at this point i do not know if you are making these foods as a joke or if you actually like eating this
 SCREAMS SHE IS SO CUTE WHEN SHE DOES THIS! http
@USER HE is disrespecting the office. You are standing up to say that is unacceptable.
@USERS Also there to help banks boost their balance sheets post crash. I'd imagine atleast 15% Maybe more of current house prices are part of the bank bailout package.
planned parenthood is still receiving over half a billion dollars a year from the us goverment abortion is another form of slavery save the 8th prolife because cot red nation rising tea party conservatives maga do not repeal the 8th tea party pj net http http
@USER You are a lier Christine Ford Soros pays you well and your lawyer won't work we all know you lie shame on you!
111007 - i love how active you are on twitter. Forever shining on my TL - Dislike do not event know you to dislike anything to be honest
@USER PG 6'6 pure shot creator. You do not need to speedboost in this game. If you are half-decent you should thrive with shot creators. They are known for draining and greening the most contested shit. YW!
@USERS once again using people to advance herself walk away democrats
@USERS &gt &gt old are you? She looks like a baby. Makes me wonder what she is doing in this kind of business. Can we sit? I motion to the couch but I look to Dion for approval. I know I have no right to ask her or him to include me in their business. 
@USER I prefer not to speak http
@USERS beaming face with smiling eyes TeleSmokaCatin' damn that looked better in my head beaming face with smiling eyes winking face rolling on the floor laughing smiling face with sunglasses 
@USERS an adult in the room might get things done. If that happens Liberals will take credit if not Doug will be blamed for sticking his noses inz.
@USER I do not understand who Soros isn't arrested for domestic terrorism! He also funds Antifa.
@USERS Nonsense. Ford is doing what he campaign on. And he is doing a damn fine job. It good to see a politician keep his promises push things thru and get the done. The Conservative party has plenty of depth and is representing Ontarians quite well.
@USER This will be settled and will never see a jury. We will never know the truth. Maybe she grabbed him first while swapping spit or he is really that stupid to just grab her. Either way I doubt we will ever know the complete truth.
@USER Sleazy CNN afraid of Trump GOP but tough on liberals.
@USER Congratulations Joe you deserve to a nice treat after all the hard work you are doing each and every day keeping us Sareptians informed. I know us CA boys appreciate you.
@USER Aww. smiling face selector I tried . She is such a smart ass though face with tears of joy 
 @USER By being a spoiled entitled ghetto head? That really screams feminist! 
@USER Well I figure he kinda blew his wad over the Weekend regarding his command of Flo. Because he was acting like he was running the whole show.barking orders.parting the waters and on and on.Oh what a mighty man he is musical notes not balloon 
@USERS Man you really thought this was it huh http
10 high school students murdered in Dallas with WASR-10 Century Arms rifle. The NRA calls gun control research 'unethical'.
@USERS She is a long time proponent of killing the unborn.
@USERS . This seems true. At least the damage Trump has done can be undone fairly quickly http
 Susan Collins 'Puzzling' Why Kavanaugh Allegation Came So Late http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERSNo phones allowed http
@USER aw. hugs i've gotten flustered like that as well. it sucks. i also sometimes write myself a little script. you are not alone.
@USERS When we allow foreign law into our sovereign nation we have lost our sovereignty. Say no to sharia law constitution day maga monday morning 
@USER what the FUCK
@USERS Glad her career is ruined by the way. She deserves to be ruined after what she done. Just because she WAS a celebrity does not mean she should be excused. does not mean she is above the law.
@USERS G this a MAGA ass take face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER And their last hit and ounce of relevance? netherlands tax haven
@USERS A Cosby comparison? 30+ vs 1 from hs? Why you so angry? Are you one of those antifa activates that does not like getting pepper sprayed?
@USER Silly unhinged liberals.
@USERS Restricting ammo is infringing upon right to bear arms. How about women can have abortions but restricted to 1-3rd week of pregnancy and must be registered Easy test of gun control laws - apply them to other rights to see if they'd be supported. If not then they are bad
@USER This list of murders he is wanted for grows by the day!
@USERS This is not surprising. They're conservatives and they generally lack empathy for people who aren't them.
just saw a group of freshmen wearing maga bucket hats nauseated face nauseated face nauseated face nauseated face nauseated face nauseated face nauseated face i hate this school
@USERS No there's no equivalence. it is not both sides. Conservatives' contrived controversies, division and refusal to acknowledge basic facts will be our biggest obstacles for the foreseeable future. 
@USERS How do you come up with all these lies. You have not done a thing as far as gun control. Open your eyes Obama your hero had 8 years in office. All your doing is sucking around for the last minute vote.
@USER And tell us the context. how much has overall network TV viewership gone down during the same period? Oh about the same? Snooze.
@USER And niggas still going to complain about geno ffs
@USER If only Martin were as obsessed about Christ as he is with homosexuality.
@USERS Return of the milk 'snatcher' just when you thought Tories could sink no lower.
@USERSWell hello there
@USERS We'll stop when the Democrats stop using the victims of school shootings for their gun control agenda.
@USER You are a big blot on the dharmic Kashmiri Pandits community. In the name of modernity you have lost all sanity which reflects in the way you have supported this loony womans hinduphobia.
@USER Republican-dominated Chamber of Commerce won't let him. Just like NRA ties his hands in any gun control. He'd like us to think he is in charge of everything.
@USER Becoming? We find out about a sex change?
@USERS 3 years mate!
@USERS Attention lefties demanding gun control. Most of these shooters are left wing. You do not get to shoot congressman and create violent chos and then demand we normal people disarm.
@USERS HYT ENEMY OF THE people
@USER Googlecide Death by do not-be-evil-corp inspiring the Internet bill of rights preventing leftist oligarchies from erasing people based on political beliefs transforming western civilization into a totalitarian state controlling nearly all aspects of life via the Googlesplaining.
@USER Where were these morons when the Groper Trudeau and his lying Liberals stomped all over our Charter with their Values Test? Where was Holt Renfrew's favourite shopper Horwath? Premier Ford is trying to save taxpayers money! Maybe that is what bugs Horwath?
@USER Would you know who she is? smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USERS He is cute 
 @USER Bill O'REILLY, it can happen because, people like you will not speak out Against YOUR POTUS AND NRA about GUN control! 
@USER He is desperate to get into the White House so he can shut down any investigations that go straight to Obama and Biden.
@USER Why are people exressing 'shock' at what a majority Government does when in Government? This is a fact of life. I.E Check out what the Liberals both previously provincially and currently federally did and do. Hello.
When under siege over a BS stand. double down. cult logic maga http
@USERS Guys have bad games. it is the game. It humbles everyone. Stafford has been very rusty and inconsistent this year 2 games in. He is missing the long down field passes that flip the game
@USERS Thank G-d that he is gone for now &amp hopefully for GOOD!
@USER Not surprising. That I n because nnor nigga was on the payroll
@USERS ! The fucking Chats!?! 'Onya Boys!
@USER Ridiculous comment the only way liberals make Government work is when conservatives go along with their ideas. Tbqh less Government is always better than more unless your a socialist. Most time Government passes a new law i lose money n Liberty .
 @USER Comparing a date to rape is disgusting. I hope your family never has to deal with rape. You are a disgusting POS. 
@USER Fear about losing your monopoly status is the correct answer.
@USERS I'd still take this guy over a commie or antifa.
@USER She is very beautiful
@USER Liberals are addicted to fake news. Chris is their Dope man.
@USER Fast and furious criminal should be behind bars.
@USER I fucking loved that cat I am so sad
@USER Fake Mews
@USERS I am sure this pope is on a first name basis with Satan himself. What a disgrace to the papacy
@USERSHey one of your antifa bros was on here today saying how much he hated Joey. Does God condone that hate? And who is this Joey guy?
@USER You hear something he is not saying but they did drink supposedly at that school in the 80s which was 18 in 79. This tales is 1982 when limits moved to 21 but there is a girl 15 accusing a boy 17 of everything but sex. If you think it is rape prosecute it. Do not imply boy lies
@USER he is a big crybaby because he did not get his way for the 2016 election
@USERS confession. i was pregnant with your child after our second makeout. he is 7 years old tomorrow.
@USER Give me 1m and in 5 years we will hang out if she is not married.
@USER And yes your presidency was one of the absolute worst. Go back to that.no way.
@USER I do not understand why she should be heard. I SHOULD BE HEARD and I have pictures and scars from my TRAUMA illegal alien left his car I. The middle of 405 fwy in 1982 - when I was 18! We were badly damaged! california los angeles kavanaugh maga http
@USERS that is an Antifa Soy Girl!
Network of Liberal Facebook Ads Traces Back to Colorado Law Firm http cnn sit room the lead out front ac360 npr pbsnews pbs newshour t cot t lot maga sgp nyc boston baltimore cleveland chicago milwaukee denver st louis houston dallas atlanta la
@USERS I wouldn't say cowardly. She is brave! I mean He . 
@USERS Shitting yourself more like.
17 years ago he lied &amp claimed to have seen people celebrate. 17 years ago he boasted how his building is now the tallest. 17 years ago he said he had many friends that died in the WTC and yet NOT ONE FUNERAL ATTENDED! 17 years ago he was the same POS he is today. http
@USER antinationalist? or antinatalist? also I am not typically interested in basing my focus around being against something bad rather than for something good that directly counteracts or heals the bad thing. imagine if antifa was called prolib 
@USERS Poor Joe he is in bad need of some attention so he attacks the President and his supporters. He said jobs a 3 letter word was the key to prosperity. Guess who delivered those?
 @USER Twitter has a clear leftist agenda as seen in all the comments from conservatives asking, why is this leftist shit in my feed? We did not ask for it. We do not want it. Stop trying to push it on us. 
@USERS If you are running a top 3 offense every year &amp still get fired from Pitt there are concerns. As talented as he is players do not like playing for him you have to have balance cannot be in your face 24 or 7
@USER You are so right the person pictured in your tweet has no decency and does not deserve the honor of serving America. He should resign immediately.
@USER Girl you are so bomb smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS I think you are overlooking the fact the Democrats had both houses of congress and the presidency and did nothing. But gun control would work as well as the war on drugs has.
@USER 3D vs Digital War on Reality Going WHITE-HOT We're now entering or the fight between&gt Red-blooded humans in 3D or boots-on-the-ground reporters or VS Avatar Digital AI or CGI Hollywood False Reality Reporting or Polytechno-Fascists-Avatar-Digital Non-Reality http
What I cannot figure out is why it took so long to HAVE a constitution day ! it is almost as if some of our leaders were opposed to the constitution! maga q a non @USER http
@USERS Hope you paid to use the image . and the appropriate tax of course. http
@USER Creepy
@USER He trashed himself it was ugly. did not hurt Trump.
@USERS Liberals need better trolls than this aunty. Calling someone a liar on losing is what you resort to when you are in 2nd grade. http
@USERS Love this woman Telling the truth every day WHY do conservatives have to point out the obvious.Are people really that stupid
@USER So what I read was gun control does not work and CA politicians are working against Californians sounds about right
@USER What policies do the Republicans have for gun control?
@USERS Gun control works real well in Chicago right Mr Alos
@USERS We can stop mass shootings with out gun control but look at the mental health issues First just saying.
@USERS Like sensible gun control policies?
@USER And these are the people pushing for gun control unamused face 
@USERS IT WAS HIGH SCHOOL!
@USERS so you are not covered even at 350?
@USERS Amazing seeing how she is a prof and an activist
@USER Eric Holder should've been in his 2nd yr at Gitmo. What's the update on Gitmo's expansion? Why is he still breathing in our freedom air?
@USERS Not saying I disagree with you at all some of the far right stuff I've been reading lately is disgusting. But would you also say groups like AntiFa should be banned and labelled as a terrorist organisation? They use violence and fear tactics too.
@USER love . she is fabulous cat purple heart purple heart purple heart purple heart purple heart purple heart purple heart purple heart purple heart purple heart purple heart sparkling heart 
AND I gotta wait till March for the DLC that comes out man facepalming medium-dark skin tone 
@USER So true.she is so busy pointing the finger she forgot what's important!
@USER I am an asshole though
@USERS she is not a rep.
@USER Democratic always use race to divide Americans. Conservatives done see color The Democrats only see color Discussing
@USERS Killary still lost!
@USERSI LOve pointing out to ANTiFA shit bags that they are in fact the thugs they claim to be against. http
@USERS Maybe he is a Baker by day.and sleep at night because have to wake up early to open the bakery.
@USER BE GONE THOT no offence intended she is probably a very nice lady slightly smiling face 
@USERS I walked away . from the And I am NEVER. COMING. BACK.
 @USER 0.05 - Narrator It was at THIS moment Antifa knew. xhe or zhe had fucked up. 
@USER Gun Control Now! Beto for Massachussetts Senator!
@USERS She is a wart on society
@USERS Way over the head. you liberals are all the same. supporters are stupid If you think for yourself, you are a racist Aboilish ICE so we can have open borders and more crime. Get out of you bubble for a minute and look at how great the country is doing. maga
@USERS She took a polygraph to prove something to her husband. I think they were in counseling because she is frigid with her husband and he wants to know why. So she made up a cockamamy story as a coverup for her current lesbian affair.
@USER if you ever want a record setting bad election for the liberals in quebec you need to go back to this http
@USER 4 The first bullet point by the fool Cillizza also is wrong. This was clearly politically manipulated just like Thomas or Hill in 1991. It is shameful that pundits like Cillizza excuse Democrats for such cynical manipulation but hold conservatives to higher standards.
@USER He is hugging face 
@USER Clearly that man must have been blind. But thanks for being not only a beautiful woman on the outside but being a kick ass one on the inside as well. I know there are many woman applauding your post along with me.
@USERS Not by the tea leaves you use by simple logic. You know that thing that comes from common sense. Right no you do not know. Winning Deplorables MAGA God Bless you.
@USER Hey love just wanted to check on you! I hope you are okay hun !
@USERS The liberals can never handle the truth.the truth will make their heads collision collision collision collision 
@USER Best news of the day
@USERS cino conservatives in name only
@USERS That might be a minor factor. But that isn't what they are saying. peoples vote
$5.7 Million in Taxpayer Funds for Study to Justify Sterilizing Children Who Are Gender Confused http via @USER STERILIZE LIBERALS.
@USERSSorry that meme is way backward but there is some good vids of antifa meeting a vet on the streets http
@USER Bill and Brooke deserve each other. They are like hot and cold. They're in love with this person this week and in love it that on the next. Brooke I can understand. She is the SFTV but Bill?! They've ruined him.
@USERS Maybe she should drop the angry b$ routine and try something funny everyone can enjoy.like non political jokes. do not think she is capable of doing that.
@USER These bitches on my brain
@USERS I remember when conservatives slagged off the Labour Party as 'undemocratic' for allowing unons such a big say in Labour policies.
 @USER I am glad you think so. I know you could kick his ass yourself, but I'll always have your back. He knows he is doing his best. that is awful. That you had to live like that. No child should have to experience such things. Shitty people like that should not be allowed near+ 
@USERS Agreed. it is probably white people screaming how offensive she is too. I wish Big Brother wasn't forced by the twitter SJW army to remove her. We have all said offensive things when we were teenagers.
@USERS We the dregs of society will make sure you are never president exclamation mark 
@USER She is an activist liar who GOP wants to get under oath. She won't go and Kavanaugh gets nominated
http mccaskill owes back taxes on her private jet! Has it been paid? @USER maga kavanaugh christina blase y ford q a non thursday motivation
@USERS Good Morning! I just followed you back! Let's give these crazy Liberals Hell!
@USERS But everyone arguing for gun control always points to Australia and the EU for examples?
@USERS Careful the CPC needs the numbers but not at the risk of polluting the pool with too many socialist liberals
@USERS He is by definition an antagonist in certain canons, but by no means an objective villain overall. frankly, they put effort in the franchise to make players or viewers sympathize with the character, even when he was the bad guy. so,arguable either way i guess 
@USERS He is also the one who started using Cambridge Analytica
@USERS A Bernie supporter tried to assassinate republican Congressmen another assassination attempt in CA Sen Paul attacked @ his home Trump cabinet members &amp supporters harassed or attacked all over the country when will a single democrats speak out? Bob? 
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http JackieDP This is great news. We need more affordable homes to support families. As for me I am proud to be a conservative from a council estate http
@USER it is for pornhub.
@USER Perhaps the Myers House. Wynn runs Smithsgrove and he is the leader of the Thorn cult. I used to think he was my friend until he revealed his true intentions. He is a madman!
@USERS that is why I am somewhat conflicted in talking shit or defending myself because there are so many VERY INTELLIGENT bright minds out there that have been held hostage by MSM propaganda Peddling. But uhave to read these Documents and dive deep to know who funds Antifa or MSM or DNC etc
@USER I believe that the gun control laws should not be so strict because criminals will still obtain guns regardless of gun restrictions and would make it harder for a law abiding citizen to defend themselves against an attack.
@USER that is shitty
@USER He looted our money and now he is repaying our debts
@USER you and me both! chatterbox
@USER are you also going to address the allegations that Keith Ellison allegedly likes to beat his girlfriends? This is in addition to the fact that he supports violent antifa scumbags and hangs with anti-Semite Louis Farrakhan.
@USER I look forward to seeing your antifa hoodie
@USERS He is a crook
@USERS There's a big risk for many conservatives will drift and stick to parties like Aust Conservatives that'll emerge to cater for this growing dissatisfaction.
@USERS Kind of why we need NATION-WIDE GUN CONTROL. Are you really that stupid?
@USERS Hiding behind your camera as the antifa punk hides behind his scarf. 
@USERS There's no crying in politics
@USERS I am not screwed any more than you are. Been hearing this same dream of the liberals. What do you think happens if Trump gets removed
@USER The fuck!
 1 Hey @USER , I waited 6 weeks for my corporate refund. Finally after calling 3 times and being on hold for over 2.5 hrs total, you return my call. And I find that there was a processing error and you had no way to contact me so you waited for me to contact you . Are you 
@USER .with his stubby little arm.
@USER What a cool guy he is http
@USERS But do you speak up? Trump and his family have become a punching bag for the left. And this is the best we have done in a very long time. I left the party after ANTIFA jumped in .also they almost elected Hillary. Hillary! flushed face 
@USER Bummer I cannot keep you company. by having a public dispute with you.
@USER You are such a comedian edd!
@USERS Not saying he was bad. I was only pointing out how this relates to Antifa
@USERS What is Dier? Imagine being Durham and coming out with that.What even is this shite it is just irrelevant pish.what level of stupid have you got to be to listen to this painful waste of airtime
@USER .and boobs. Do NOT forget the tatas. red heart selector 
@USERS Term limits won't work any better than gun control for the same reasons. In particular for the Congress.
@USER As long as they vote Republican.
@USER Let's just say she is the most selfish writer I've ever come to know. 
@USER State Sponsored Kids Protesting the 2nd Amendment? Youth invasion of D. because. took place as young fascists-in-training were corralled into D. because. to demand that Government strip away the liberties of all in the name of gun control http '
@USERS Strongest gun control in the country thinking face 
@USER Me-Too lynchings of innocent Republicans or conservatives will continue if GOP let's the Kavanaugh fraud prevail. GOP should fight fire with fire and do this one time to a prominent Dem male. Watch it stop after that.
@USER From the liberal media.Yea.we should put all our trust in them. haven't told a single good thing he has done.and there are a lot of them.
@USER And Hillary is president! ! http
@USER Body cams with a long battery life on your children when left with strangers.
 #Hillary once said that if trump wins, We all hang from Nooses. The deeper this goes, the more we learn why clinton freaked out when she realized trump could win. http conservatives t cot unmasking release the memo susan rice fbi deep state mueller
 22 years old and wandering the streets of New York City the big apple from hell and beyond and still she is subject to the 'n' word and still other models call her 'n' person of the year and yet she cares but she is more afraid of you know who . 
@USER Hope you are having a beautiful and blessed Sunday smiling face with smiling eyes folded hands medium-light skin tone purple heart http
@USER As he jumps into his private plane to fly off into the sunset
@USERS She knows something the liberals do not want to talk about. She said Canada was at risk three times in the House of Commons before she crossed the aisle. Coming from someone of her background, I'd be inclineed to take the warning seriously. Call me old fashioned. 
@USERS YEEEEESS
@USERS You align yourself with an organization that butchers babies for profit. Than scream about the need for gun control and the violence against our children but somehow your OK with the butchering of 100s thousands of innocent defenseless babies every yr If it lines your pockets.
@USER Empty headed bushie whore
@USER Great stalk.hunters like yourself and your wife are the reason why these animals exist so these crazy liberals have something to complain about.
@USERS Conservatives have killed hundreds 100000 people as a direct result of conservative policies DWP figures she is such an imbecile Tony Blair put 6% into the NHS Gordon Brown 5.5% that is not fit to be an MP 1.5% she's stealing the National Health Service of us. Chemical attacks
@USER Notice how angry the maga bots are after losing out on a vote this Thursday. Hey maga bots. Would you like some cheese with your whine. 
@USER He is safer than a bomb shelter this year and next.
@USER She's not acc drunk she's just v tired and took sleeping pills so she is being silly
@USER God help us
@USER your just one big sore on the conservatives back side.
@USERS I've proven that gun control leads to lower gun deaths. You've chosen to ignore it and accuse the study of being falsified without any proof. Do you have any proof they used 5 states as you mentioned? Or are you going to continue to ignore me asking for clarification?
@USERS Well John started the nuke button hit being an AntiAmerican hater and well Trump is going to desecrate the liberals agenda and the results will be awesomeness backhand index pointing right light skin tone United States dove 
@USER Go crash another plane.
@USERS When he is not imparting these gems Michael Moore is stuffing his face.
@USERS Over 7 years . it is pathetic.
@USERS They're trying. it is called ANTIFA! unamused face 
@USER Holder should be in prison.
@USERS What are you opposing? A neutral jurist sitting SCOTUS that weighs merits of a case as presented and determines COTUS adherance? MeToo WarOnMen BLM WarOnCops Antifa WarOnSociety Abortion War on POC &amp POOR liberalism is a mental disorder maga 
@USER Isn't express entry a taxi cab to rox ham road ? No paperwork. No line ups. Police carry your bags. you are put up in a hotel. you are given $50K by the Liberals.
@USER Good boycott nfl
@USERS So why even make the specification when I tell you gun control did nothing to stop your homicide rate?
@USER Up next liberals calling us out for calling him guilty.
@USERS Are now criticising policy in England where standardised testing is used in the equivalent of P1. Is this the start of a Tory civil war?
@USER Doubt he is requesting any player to be moved. in my opinion it is likely if he feels the team is close to be a contender or if he is satisfied to being a mentor to a borderline team
@USER i love you honey i hope you are okay take your time and take care of yourself two hearts 
@USER Good game man
@USERS you are totally disgraceful with you name calling.disgusting
Looking forward to another GREAT Rally tonight in Fabulous Las Vegas! Never tire of hearing @USER speak! He gives Energy to his Base.and We give it back to Him! love our potus maga kag http
@USERS when you have politicians running on concepts like sanctuary cities . what do you expect. They should all be sued for aiding and abetting.
@USERS Looking forward to the right dragging up these tweets when the New York Times hires me as Antifa Editor
@USER He shouldn't withdraw his name at all because the left has repeatedly been caught fabricating stories just like this to discredit conservatives they're proven cheaters and lier's . a liberal professor from California middle finger 
 @USER Everytime I hear that catch phrase now, you know, http better than this , I know hate is going to be spewed. 
@USERS We the people of trump nation stand FIRMLY behind Most complaining farmers -- whom Corey Booker suddenly discovered and thinks he can divide off the maga nation -- UNDERSTAND that they must sacrifice a little for OTHER Americans who've been raped by china
@USERS that is why you'll ALWAYS hear the say vague words like billionaires - while WE will say actual names- like BEZOS, ZUCKERBERG, SOROS, XI, PURDUE - ALL FUND THE Name a billionaire Wall Streeter funding the Conservatives? Name one! Who's corrupt? Really? 
@USER I went to the live twice but I was impressed and it was really cool stage!You are my bestdj!Thank you Hardwell red heart selector 
@USERS Or maybe this.The very fine people the dipshit president was talking about. Antifa isn't the left . They're a fringe, far left, anti fascist movement. To lump the left in as antifa is to lump the right in with the neo nazi's and kkk that vote with you.Shhh. http 
@USER Conservatives are unable to think critically and or or for themselves. that is what makes them Conservatives. it is a 20th century thing.
@USER He is always on his knees anyways
@USER like no other gamestop contest Laura Croft is great because she is a badass!
@USER Historically that is usually the case.
@USER MAGA white people
@USER do not even know the subject but I'll side with Sarandon only because she has class even if I disagree with her against the classless rambling fool. beaming face with smiling eyes 
@USERS I had to click on it just to see what the hell you were talking about. I still do not know. Is your war on conservatives like the war on christmas?
@USERS Cube has shown in the past that he is not in control of this. The investors on the board run the show. And they are super cheap.
 She is very evil. http
@USERS The no gun zone is still having trouble. By all means, gun control is the answer! 
@USER Damn catholics.
@USER I think this is funny that you are complaining about people being negative about your Ridley Reaction and yet here you are doing a similar thing about the online service? I liked your reaction by the way http
@USER Because of the Mayor
@USERS that is my biggest question. Do we just widdle away until there is no 2nd amendment left? I do believe in some limited gun control but I am worried we will be expected to just keep giving into the gun haters.
@USER .Not too old to stand up and yell when she is out of order.Guess she gets what's coming to her like everyone else.
@USER I am doing really good thank you smiling face selector I hope you are well too. blue heart folded hands medium-light skin tone Be Blessed beautiful friend rose sunrise 
@USERS Wise move . the only things the Democrats are doing is creating anger regarding conservatives
@USERS She's tragic because she is an idiot and because she had tremendous internalized misogyny. I think of the moment we are in the grips of as the Tyranny of the Half-idiot.
@USER She is! smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS We love you baby smiling face with heart-eyes maga
@USERS CRY ME A RIVER YOU SCHMUCK! we had to put up with OVOMIT for 8 LONG YEARS! We kept our mouths shut and put our noses to the grind wheel! We did not RIOT AND CRY! GROW UP!
@USER Absolutely. We conservatives have another strong lady to lead our country 2019.
@USER ! He watches videos about different methods. Whole time at the gym he is brushing his hair woman facepalming medium skin tone 
 Fort Trump in Poland?! Sounds great to me! Another lasting reminder to the Left or Dems how much the rest of the world hates @USER maga wwg1wga redwave2018 drain the swamp fort trump
@USERS Brought at different times and no space on any coach. She is so red and blue that she said she'd travel next to a 'random' of she had to!
20. Close ties w or nra &amp funding more imp than people's lives &amp sensible gun control 21. Attempting to defend Planned Parenthood whilst at same time rolling back intelligent sex education &amp replacing with abstinence only teachings which is just fucking stupid 
@USERSYes! You are!
@USERS He is the best
@USERS Conservatives not showing support on NAFTA talks gives the US more power. They are not doing our Country any favours by publicly criticizing the ongoing talks for their own political gain.
@USER She is one of our greatest so you be thrown under the bus for that bad judgment.
@USER Goodell should have been fired over a year ago. Looks like the owners will let him steer the ship right into the iceberg. Oh well.
@USERSit is hard to kill a killer. Ya know? Read the book. http
@USERS Nearly made me contribute to Antifa and join Facebook. Nearly.
@USER The presumption of innocence only applies to Lefist Liberals. You are guilty from the get go if you are a Conservative.
@USERS Wife bet on Penn State! He is upset!
@USER He is flexed biceps flexed biceps flexed biceps 
@USERS But that is ok only dems and liberals can do that do not you know that
@USER I have him in 2 leagues and he is probably getting a lifetime ban
@USER Liberals Anderson Cooper is gay which by default means he can never do wrong. Also liberals Trump Jr is a pos because of who is Dad is.
 @USER Hello, twin. Let ke correcting your typoness. Our group name is G I-DLE in case you are too lazy to use or - , you can use IDLE instead winking face 
@USERS I think he is talking about the illegal immigrants and their drugs of society. Mostly liberals are the people funding the drug importation to this country.
@USERS One word Antifa.
@USER Why do you take her side. it is been 35 years and no proof so because you are women and Liberals- you cannot think. None of her story adds up. This is a political setup to win.
@USER Aye nigga eyes 
@USER He is a Professional liar
@USERSyou are a glutton for punishment. You'll never see eye to eye with any blue wave drinker on this topic. Till you agree to ban all guns. Especially the scary ones.
@USER You are too kind. Thanks Debs!
@USER These things happen from time time. Likely to be antifa or a group like that causing trouble as they have nothing better to do
@USER Well done clapping hands light skin tone 
@USER Freak !
@USER Hey Spartacus you forget about admitting doing the same thing that you and the liberals are accusing Kavanaugh? Time for you to resign Spartacus. Or is this more of you living the liberal mantra of do as we say not as we do http
@USERS She is absolutely amazing heart suit selector 
@USERS how does helpmto buy help the homeless? Oh. It does not does it? How does it help on low income? Oh it does not in Work poverty at an all time high. How does it help them? Oh it does not. Thanks for nothing
@USERS you are my forever favorite third wheeling weary face 
@USERS Because you have paranoid and always spam oh my god SHE IS 16 SHE IS 16 SHE IS 16 SHE IS 16 And you spam to everyone that SHE IS 16 and Credit Telltale in your every posts. it is so fucking funny for me. Chill out. No one cares that she's 16. 
@USER The reason I give Aguearo a slight edge above Kane is because he is more creative. They're both clinical finishers do not het me wrong.
 @USER He is waiting for the stone cutters to arrive. Excuse me Mr. stonecutter, do you think this is my best Side? 
.@USER WHAT numbers do YOU use? Where do YOUR numbers come from? WHY did you ignore the current THEFT from Medicare? Is your ignoring the cost ignorance or deceit? MAKE Liberals pay for welfare for all i a tro genesis
@USER He is http
@USER I think you are so in need of a Dairy Queen.
@USER 2011 I still got all my shits http
@USER You said that already. Are you already broken? Where do I go to return you so I can get a new generic retarded Antifa supporter to laugh at?
@USER YES YOU ARE ILY OK
@USER Djt &amp Gop- MAGA. Only for old scared white men again. Making women property again.
@USERSBetter bring out antifa face with tears of joy 
@USERS They won't be the last. Ford supports them and Levi's has come out for gun control. Corporate America is going to take our country back.
@USERS The pope is Satan incarnate
I liked a @USER video http Manager tells man he needs to remove his MAGA hat What Would You Do? WWYD
@USERS face with rolling eyes Are you really serious?! Comparing some of the most prestigious positions in the nation with being a slave? You just keep proving your ignorance &amp inability for logical thought! maga
@USER THIS IS A NO BRAINER. IF SHE STANDS FOR WHAT SHE SAYS SHE DOES SHE HAS TO VOTE AGAINST HIM IF SHE IS LYING SHE DESERVES TO BE HUMILIATED AND DEFEATED. WE WILL SEE IF SHE PLAYED THE PRO CHOICE CAED TO GET ELECTED OR IF SHE IS JUST ANOTHER GOPER KOCHSUCKER
@USERS . for president! maga kag
@USER How about corrupt PR Government officials.
 MAGA sense is tingling http
@USER You are apiece of shit! WHY WOULD YOU KILL THAT ANIMAL? How is your mother?
@USER BULL CRAP!
@USERS Here is 7 http
ANTIFA GETS SHOT RIGHT IN THE NUTS or or PHOENIX or or GAS CAN http via @USER Now there's a challenge for a no-scope Kraber.
@USER Oh Nancy I agree with you wholeheartedly I do not think I have ever hated anyone in my life like I feel about this man The fact that he is supposed to be our leader makes my stomach turn shaking my head I have lost all respect for the GOP completely that they sit back and allow this travesty
 or or He is still in the bathroom. I really have to go.
@USER Look at his reaction at the 18 second mark. What a contemptuous clown he is.
@USERS Imagine having a do not tread on me avi while simultaneously allowing both antifa and the police to tread on you.
Kavanaugh accuser Christine Ford opens door to testifying next week Looking forward to the book http maga drain the swamp term limits ditch mitch peel pelosi @USER
@USER Cher is helping Republican party by her unhinged rants.
@USERS Gotta love when the uninformed point to Venezuela as though it is the inevitable result of socialism! Socialism? Venezuela! Gun control? Chicago! it is like watching a round of Shitty Jeopardy, where no one knows a damn thing but they try to compete anyway. Logic? Trump! 
@USERS No deal it is then. If only the would grow a pair &amp dump the appeaser 
party before country mass media Conservatives' war on the press has gotten dangerous and it is only going to get worse http
@USERS How is paying taxes optional? Tax evasion is a crime. We have human rights laws and the 1A your opinion on this issue is preposterous. Gilliam is not anti 2A. Sensible gun control that would prevent mentally ill people like you from owning a gun is all we want.
@USERS I just saw a video that you are corrupting our Government and from the evidence i just saw you are going to jail! maga the great awakening q a non you are going to jail you have been exposed http
@USER i think its the hope for her abuser to get better that hits me. she is SO brave and strong to say she prays for him to see the light.
@USER does not the University of Wisconsin have entrance requirements or do they take anyone rejected by other Universities?
@USERS She's an absolute queen. thank you for being the strong and emotionally passionate woman you are!
@USERS Shocked? News flash kev! Kern County has the highest murder rate in the state! We need common sense gun control laws to protect the constituents in ca23 &amp the nation from people who shouldn't be allowed to own a gun! do something vote them out voteblue2018 
@USERS It is troubling to me that the top 2 Trump haters are Diane Feinstein &amp Dick Schumer. The Jewish hatred for this country &amp Conservatives &amp Israel is palpable. I am embarrassed by them.
@USER Fuck a drug test
@USERS Twitter is very sneaky about censoring Conservatives n various ways. There definitely needs to be an investigation.
@USER As someone who had never played Spiderman 2 as a kid I want and tried it a year or 2 back and I do not know what kinda collective nostalgia people are on but those web swinging mechanics are busted as fuck and kinda trash.
@USER It just hit me the fact that Bey is always on her private yacht whenever she is on vacay. Sis will stay on the water where non of y'all can bother her rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy 
@USER I hope you would give your expert advice on the economic matters to the Government. of Pakistan even if you are not a member of the economic council. Position or posts do not matter. One can serve the country without any position or post if one really wishes to do something for the country
@USER Actually Tyler had planned to cut Angela after Brett so she is just as clueless. This 'showmance' and her being hated changed his mind.
@USER Well did not James Comey lie? Or does it only count of you are not FBI? I thought under oath was under oath. Maybe I am wrong.
@USER I love you Eric.You are such a good person with a great sense of humor! Haven was my favorite!
@USERS Show me who is saying that the alleged rape is her fault. Pretending that swathes of conservatives are blaming the victim for rape is a disgusting straw man.
@USER that is all I ever ask for tho man shrugging medium-dark skin tone 
 or my heart is aches when i search kyla pristin. She is happy now why haters wont let her be 
@USER Liberals and conservatives judge eachother on the actions of their worst characters. Liberals have in large quantities showcased a blatant hypocrisy today that will allow more people to write their ideas off because of the hypocrisy.
@USERS she is amazing!
@USERS And he is out for game 2. He has played like 6 games in 4 years. The team can no longer depend on him. Get somebody here that actually plays football games.
@USER Take your anti-American crap somewhere else. ted cruz for Senate! maga
@USERS You mean the way Hillary re-victimized all of Bills accusers?
@USER Another lying liberal. Many lying libtards will be exposed as they unclassifie documents. The Liberals will lie cheat and steal to try to bring our country down. Stop this anti-American idiotic socialist movement vote Republican in November Trump 2020.
@USERS that is right.he lies all day long and he is still terrible at it.anyone else would have mastered it by now. he is definitely got 10000hr
@USER you do when you are disconnected of social networks? ask ally
@USERS Now the leftist needs to condemn the violence of antifa
@USER Did she have all her personal info hacked from using GoOgLe.
@USER the democommunists have allready destroyed america put men in a womens bathroom right to child molestors n child killers n illegals have more rights than americans if you think I am wrong bill say something besides kissing liberals asses
@USER I can see how frustrating that is. Conservatives will always get more praise for humane policies because it isn't neccessarily expected of them.
@USERS Bwaaaaa! Compared to who.Trump.bwaaaaaaa! Compared to that corrupt demented lunatic she is a godsend!
@USER Are you lot trying to rival West Ham for infighting amongst the fanbase?This is priceless though. Still not quite up there with West Ham however. Nothing will beat the Antifa entryist conspiracy theory
@USERS Open your eyes- the NRA only supports politicians that do not care about gun control mostly republicans
@USER yes bitch sparkling heart beating heart 
@USERS Civilians Also I'll admit its hard sometimes when helping Grok 24-7 I've been called names I did not even know existed Example Antifa Grannies Brokeback Valor WTH is that Grok Girl Friend Yep No Shit Things Frauds will say Thank You Grok Brother grinning squinting face grinning squinting face grinning squinting face 
@USERS ThrOne 2 WhiLe Sitting UpSideUp Pinche YaYaY http http
@USER Antifa to the rescue 
levi strauss Takes Stand On gun control cbs san francisco http no more levis guns nra usa @USER gop libertarian conservative
@USERSShe is a pathological liar
http great video by kane brown showing his appreciation for our military we stand together maga
@USERS Lil girl we having an adult conversation so take your thin ass on somewhere ya dig
@USERS And he is probably loaded face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy he done cod for 8 years face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy he had sponsors before that so it aint about money.
@USER Agreed. If she is telling the truth. And that is a mighty BIG IF. I was sexually assaulted over 35 years ago and remember everything about the incident. Everything.
@USERS Agreed! it is not gun control they want - it is people control. Without guns we are helpless and they know it! Our founders knew this too - 2a
real donald trump You've been rather quiet today. I hope that you have spent some time thinking about your endgame with Vlad. I know you probably know this but you are very expendable to him. When we take the country back what will you do?He will not be happy with you! Ponder this
@USER What a great day!
@USERS it is almost comical at this point
@USER I do not think you know what you are advocating for. And you certainly do not know that saying what you said leads to a bunch of shit you probably wouldn't like whether that is what you meant or not.
@USERS Got a point there if you are a person that just looks after yourself however i think if you look at NHS or Social Care or Emergency services or wages compared to living costs you will see a different story.
@USER Anti-Kavanaugh Groups already spinning that he is guilty before any disclosures and due process. Aggressive tactics! Let's see the all the spin from both left and right!
@USER Yea I been in a shitty mood too an the rain ain't making it better
@USER I hope the fuck not
@USERS it is weird how conservatives sometimes get accused of lacking empathy.
@USER it is in my fuckbucket
@USER Yes keep voting until the NEW REICH IN BRUSSELS GET the result they want. Call another referendum and just see what happens. Go away Liberals your finished
 again. he is vocal about it because he believe that telling others one dream is very important. - once you express your dream to others, people will remember it and you cannot escape it until you actaully can make it come true. after regaining her confidence . 
@USERS States. Kavanaugh will destroy any chance at federal gun control in our lifetime.
@USERS This is purely a move to block a nomination. Liberals said early on they would not vote for him. This made up story is a slap in the face to all who were really sexually harassed. It shows liberals really do not care about any true victims. Power first.
@USER Thanks she is sweet. Very very timid skiddish scared of every sound so this hurricane isn't helping her adjust BUT today she started being playful smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USER Could have been you if you did not stop taking Molly and shit! Glad you changed and are still around. Absolutely sucks max passed. Such an amazing artist! Rip Mac.
@USERS Damn . You are a roll . Bring it!
@USERS Mmm you are so hot
@USERS maga equals to Many Are Getting Arrested
@USERS . Conservatives lecturing about conspiracy theories. THAT is funny.
@USER i been seeing your tweets all week &amp you are outta pocket face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER gun control does not stop violence either
@USERS Patriachy has harmed black men if anything. Antifa is just a social justice trash hotspot.
@USER Those liberals would have a story about Jesus if he was running.
@USER it is not a right mind. If it were they wouldn't be conservatives.
@USER Damn I felt this shit. Why you so loud 
 i love lau she is the cutest do not @ me uwu 
@USER GETTING EXACTLY WHAT THEY DESERVED
@USER Common sense cannot be bought or taught.you either have it or you do not.
@USERS Really? it is okay to call for lynchings as long as you are a stand-up comic? Hmm.
@USER Anybody notice this? http http
@USERS julie burchill is actually mentally ill. When I was a kid she used to fill the NME and The Face and all those mags with her vacuous drivel and now she is given the space in Grown Up World to do it courtesy the spineless pro br exit eejits. She is pathetic.
@USERS Again for the hard of hearing An AR15 is an INANIMATE object. An AR15 is not INHERENTLY evil. Gun control does not decrease gun violence. Armed citizens are LESS LIKELY to become victims of mass shootings. The Holocaust was not prevented by BANNING ovens.
@USERS I think you made those liberals upset
@USERS Or in other words. ignore a democratic vote as it did not go the way I wanted.
@USER What if knowing that abortion is at stake in November mobilizes pro life forces? Kavanaugh being denied makes it critical for conservatives to maintain the Senate. Because most R seats are not up for election it could be a blessing.
@USER If you look it up it will tell you how they did the study he is right
@USER Another terrorist brought in by obumer!
@USERS Good one.But he is entirely responsible for the fallout that will undermine the USA for years to come.
@USER Yes yes he is Melanie's boyfriend.
kavanaugh s judicial philosophy on gun control is foolish and heartless. http
@USERS that is hilarious. let those puerto ricans legalize pot so they can forget about their problems after hurricane maria thursday thoughts thursday motivation resistance resist maga military veterans t cot this is america http
@USER You are NO CHRISTIAN
Open borders will bring this to America! Dems are brainless! Vote red like your life depends on it because it does! kag maga http
sjw liberals Sweden's Feminizing Boys with Genderless Schools http via @USER
@USERS He is revolting.
@USER Another illegal
@USERS have become the party of the Sky is falling and we are all going to die . What a sad bunch.
@USERS It wasn't that long ago it was taboo for the left to be involved in the military or weapons at all.now they all want to be military so they can say they are gun experts and push gun control
 @USER Bible says thou shalt not kill just curious where you stand on gun control if you want to be talk about baby killers. Theres no distinction in the bible about who or what gets killed. 
@USERS The Q is a photoshop. QAnon is for real though. Silly liberals tricks are for kids!
@USERSWho cares who is deadlier? Are you antifa?
@USERS Yes you are. you are just too blind to realize it
@USER Antifa and UC Berkeley like this thumbs up 
@USERS people like you are the greatest campaign tools conservatives have. Thanks for your service to the loony left
@USER DJT2- You have to remember his daughter is married to am Iranian and so he defends them at all costs. He is a coward and a disgrace. Thank GOD for your Dad or we would all be in a World of hurt!
@USER We should all believe Feinstein because she is so upstanding. She would never hir a spy from China and employee them for over 10 years. She needs to resign. TRADER.
@USER yeah it start with her being a blogger and all but somehow it turned into a murder fan fiction
@USERS I love women like you. We believe all women. Excluding one woman. Soon-Yi is 48 years old. She is an adult. But such a reaction is very significant. It means hypocrisy.
@USER he is going to need a pair of running shoes so he can look for work when he is sees we're not supporting his dumb ass movies anymore. woman shrugging selector #walkaway
@USER He was drunk. So she is equally if not more to blame
@USER to be honest I only started recently but the only thing I do not like about mineta is how whiny he is
@USERS Liberals did not want to hear from Juanita Broderick or Keith Ellison's accuser why not? Are they being ignored
@USERS FELON ERIC HOLDER SHOULD BE ROTTING IN PRISON FOR HIS CRIMES. http
@USERS Hate to say it, but you got your sides mixed up. How many people have been beaten up, killed, etc by far-right radicals . On the other hand, Antifa, Black Lives Matter, etc? 
@USER Ya know how many people have pot in their homes?! So fuckn what? The cops are trying to get their buddy off! She is a murderer!
@USERS Stop Collins. There is someone who will support woman. Dr Cat London. She is opposing Collins and we can end the BS. All she needs to do is clean out her desk and go home.
@USER On no not roaming charges! Good charge all these foreign fuckers when they come here!
@USERS . My problem is the have taken us back to the 1870's. let's have a debate about what's happening today in the world of work and what we're going to do about it I am with dave lbc
@USER He is quite good
@USER You are so right on this issue and Democrats have been lying to the American people for to long lately it seems like there all going crazy in the head 
@USER What manga you reading?
@USERS .And Liberals think GUNS are the problem? http
@USER What Gun Control do not they have ? Even the smallest forces have Policies in Place for Firearm use ! I support Gun Control I cannot hit my target W or O it !
@USERS Awesome fire fire fire fire red heart red heart red heart red heart 
@USER She is not friendly!
@USER I also understand a lot of the followers are maga and cult45 aligned politically.
@USER This is like fuckin cool . . hold your horses . freckles. ohhhjhhh god
@USERS I would love to be able to afford a sexy french au pair . Poor me .
@USERS You are so full of shit. A. Violent crime is down &amp has been on the decline for decades B. Where gun crime is a problem, it is a state &amp local problem &amp no so called common sense gun control law passed at the federal level will fix it. You are clueless about this problem. 
@USER You are a definite follow! O-H
@USERS Doug Flutie would be proud.
@USERS Juan Williams just called Diamond and Silk a Minstrel Show. You know what to do!
@USERS I am not in uncomefortbul miss Williams is a great actor or she thinks she is miss Williams is out of order in what she said to the ref rules apply even to miss Williams but your turning it in to o as a women do not this bone that miss Williams is out of order that is a stone wall
Analysis Devin Nunes explains 'antifa' and 'all of these riots' 'We're winning' - The Washington Post http
@USERS Racist all she is. My god less then 10% of population and cry crying cat face more then other 90 put together. Trump doing a great job just cause he got white skin ya do not need hate on him over and over and over
@USER Because she is a woman? . Uh.wasn't her opponent a woman.not getting your ill formed point here.
AntiPo is better than Antifa.
@USER Seriously who's the dick that unfollowed
@USERS Hugs red apple red heart green apple maga hundred points United States United States United States http
@USER ANTIFA task force?
@USERS Actually it is liberals like Waters and antifa who promote violence
@USERS Reading these comments.this dear boy was burned alive! And some are still talking about gun control! My gosh people!
@USER Bravo. Down with CNN.
@USERS majority of DACA from 3rd world countries are communists activists-Antifa-Ofa&amp 1 INCOMPATIBLES w or USculture&amp 2Felons by criminal violence&amp participation in cult includes kill potus45 &amp destroySovereignUSA-USConstnDem'y+ replace w or marxist 4thReichNWO tyranny TREASON 
@USERS And a whole lot more deadly than bump stock http 
@USERS Richard Cephalic is what he is. Its clinical 
 20 Crazy Things Liberals Blame Trump For http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER I loved the House Bunny. And the remembering names voice was funny. My family and I watch Mom it is great. I am a recovered addict or moderately recovered if you are one who counts pot . it is a very good show.
@USER Just sick of everything being politicized and everything being presented as right or wrong good or evil. Used to be liberals and conservatives were viewed as generally good people with different approaches to achieving the same goal. Now it is 100% us and them.
@USER vs Antifa. I know who my money's on. But seriously this is such a stupid thing to do. http
@USERS I suggest that you get worser jobs as you are just what they do not want. you might of even been in the same office. You might of been arguing with yourself. your just both gay
@USER Boo hoo shu.you are never on the right side of winning.
@USER it is all liberals have. They are truly vile.
@USERS In 2010 the Conservatives cut annual funding to build social housing by 2.5bn. Today Theresa May announced an extra 2bn to build social housing. spread over the next 10 years! So by 2028 it'll be a 33bn cut since 2010 instead of 35bn. No wonder there's a housing crisis face with monocle 
@USERS Let's play a game called Spot the Bot! My guess is this account above.
@USERS He ran and hid after posting an ad about illegal border crossers. As soon as CBC started their shouting racist. it is not racist and instead of standing up for what he believes he bailed. The conservatives shouldn't have picked him
 @USER do not forget Antifa .and ACORN .And that terrorist that Obama palled ? around with! Hahahahahha.do you listen to your own malarkey? 
@USER But the Frogs said it wasn't a Muzzie terriorist attack.
@USERS she is not paid off. look her up here on Twitter. they are being horrible to her.
@USER Democrats gave birth to ANTIFA &amp BLM.
@USER Cool!
@USER when gun control does not work will you support common sense knife control? http
@USER Can you imagine being married to that crazy b#tch? Good God!
2 examples of the group newsletters we created on gun control in the USA. In our groups of 8 we split into partners &amp were each responsible for researching &amp writing one of the 4 sections. Miss Ross then helped to arrange our separate pieces to make one A3 sheet. current affairs http
@USERS liberals have to go in 2019 as they are so over their heads Poor leader and even poorer advisors
@USER The liberals have sunk to an all new low.how tragic!
@USER it appears you edited out a portion of ANTIFA talk from the latest episode and I'd like to file a formal complaint.
@USER well she is hot and lie with a smile . so yeah
@USERS Wow! He is Malloy vote red november 2018
 @USER The term parasite has now been added to my list of fuck you terms, which also includes the term widget . 
@USERS I am glad Mia is feeling better!
@USERS They just all want to keep their CORRUPT &amp CUSHIONEY JOBS! THRY WANT TO GO BACK TO.BUSINESS AS USUAL I do not THINK SO ! 
@USER . a liberal trying to make other liberals sick what a maroon
@USERS should careful! all things will use to against him, it is kind of a hit job by Someone or a Group? that is Interview was used to victimize him, he should be careful to act from now on! 
@USERS No one believes Schumer. Dems do not and nod with a wink happy to obstruct with lies. Swampers. same thing. And actual conservatives know it is an actual lie and pray for the liars to receive God's wrath. How sad that truth and justice are dead.
@USERS Choosing heartless politician over your ancestors country. Speaks volumes as to who you are.
 @USER My divorce. Everyone says, We're not picking a side. And then, they all totally do. Trials of life are great indicators about the realness of people. It sucks at first, but then the after is great. everybody talks
@USERS Sanctions used to be the action of last resort now its there weapon of first choice When was this? Taking account of this graph http from http &amp http 
@USERS The right has the unique ability to create monsters out of thin air. It Legislation was even created to fight the phantom menance of antifa--currently in committee. http
MUST READ Delay the Kavanaugh Vote. This Senate is singularly ill-equipped to assess the allegations against Trump's Supreme Court nominee. http via @USER postpone the vote maga nc pol http
 #EndPC Teaching guide for portland public schools celebrates Islam, communists, terrorists, abortion promotes gun control &amp transgenders &gt http end cultural marxism
 @USER Another Dem-run sanctuary city with strict gun control laws . . . the ultimate fail. 
@USER why should he the woman is lying according to everyone that went to school there except liberals who would say anything to get rid of him.
@USER Cutie connection is authentic beating heart 
 @USER Antifa are so said SJW and to be honest. Antifa isn't really about the same Justice that a rider is. 
@USER you are something else smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USER Go out like Seinfeld and cancel the series while it is hot! Jk do not you fucking dare. This better have a 50 issue plan.
@USERS She is good at this game just like you were A true super fan for sure. She is focused that is why she is going to take this game! I hope!
@USER If you are looking for hard heads you only have to look at the Republican Congress
@USERS Really a sickening issue. Liberals are vicious!
@USER call me a dog cause DAM. I got a bone for you nigga face blowing a kiss 
@USER Kavanaugh needs to stop lying. I believe this woman's account is credible and he is not going to be able to dodge it.
@USERS You two are nothing but attention seeking whores. Start talking about real issues such as racial injustice sensible gun control prison reform and other issues that important
@USERS Pretty much how the majority sees it!
@USER And they say Russia is the hackers. Hmmm.
Huge QDrop dump today. wwg1wga q a non q army maga the great awakening
@USER He knows he dosen't have much time left before he is brought down.
morning joe the closer it gets to monday the louder the liberals will squeal.
expose the truth Ask What liberal policies EVER QUANTIFIABLY IMPROVED YOUR LIFE? Libs make BIG promises + warn doom re conservatives.none come or true. No lib agenda but neg or hate. Why use fear? How help you? USA doing GREAT. THAT helps! Vote FOR YOUR or FAMILY LIFE FOR GOOD! because cot http
Cory Booker and the Democratic Party of KKK's Robert Byrd pj net maga trump train trumptrain2020 cory booker maga kag keep america great president trump http http TW352
 @USER Unfortunately, both Liberals and Conservative parties , leaders and fringe parties no longer know what Canadians really think! They said they know , but that is House ping pong rhetoric ! Even the polls aren't reliable. CANADIANS STARVED FOR A CLEAR STRONG VISION maple leaf MISSION! http 
@USERS fash &lt that is a give away phrase for antifa types, the genuine fascists who want to close down free speech. This ex- muslim nails the apologists who are really just providing cover for radical islam. http 
 &lt God's chosen leader my ass! Fuck Christian conservatives!&gt Baptist pastor Brian Kaylor claims Sarah Huckabee Sanders lies to defend God's chosen leader http 
@USER This is mag as first victory lap. I am up for the vote!
@USERS She is a wannabe Hilary Clinton. cannot stand that woman and anything that the NDP stands for. I believe that they are even more dangerous than the liberals!
Here's some more of what my opponent is resisting. Are you better off today than you were 2 years ago? nj12 maga walk away http
@USER you a bad bitch now 
@USER He is over with the bola crowd according to the reaction he got from the first night of bola.
@USERS GET OUT OF MY MENTIONS i stand corrected 
@USERS chokes laughing So, having considered the excellent work of the have decided that its such a car-crash, and with no certainty over trading, that they'll temporarily close their plant next year Nichts ist haltbarer als eine tempor re L sung face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS Yeah bitch we put him back in and beat your sorry asses the bears SUCK! BLEW A 20-0 LEAD 
@USERS She is only saying that because she wants to win. do not vote for this fraud.
@USERS Liberals without identity politics have nothing.
@USERS Exactly! Fred Guttenberg's entire mission is for Gun Control &amp Feinstein will do anything for a dollar. Both are on a mission to change backhand index pointing right legislation in favor of taking guns from Law Abiding Americans. HOW is his whole stance NOT political?
@USER now we know tesco's stance on gun control
@USERS Why are both eyes open if your aiming? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy flushed face And you liberals want a war with conservatives face with tears of joy . Best of luck snowflake thumbs up medium-light skin tone 
@USER If he did wouldn't this be the sort of thing Liberals love? do not they hate all law enforcement?
@USER H y! I am 21 years old. I am waiting for you h re backhand index pointing right http backhand index pointing left bride with veil kissing face tulip 
@USER He is not allowed to do this he needs to be prosecuted
@USER Can you elaborate why you think making tax cuts permanent is a bad idea?
@USER What's doing detriment to this state and country is Republicans who refuse to govern as the conservatives they campaign to be. McDaniel may have some flaws who does not but he is the kind of fighter we need. Some of us are sick of the losers the GOP keeps giving us.
@USER CONGRATULATION YOU ARE A PUN MASTER party popper party popper 
@USER His wittle feelwings are probably hurt 'cause he knows everything said by Trump about BO's era is true!
@USER You are NOT Robin Williams unamused face 
@USERS Picked the fuck up
@USER Yes.you are exempted.
@USERS She picks some random conservative issues from US and try to force fit in Indian narrative. Next might be gun control loudly crying face 
@USER Antifa is expressly anti Nazi. Is Nunes identifying with Nazis?
@USERS Trump has no interest in caring the safety of the country. He does not care about gun control. So far with all the shooting in the country. He does not care. he is a selfish person. Everything is about him
@USERS You are correct http
Just imagine the tyranny we'd be living under had these leftwing tryants waging war on us and our duly elected president and the American Republic itself gained tyrannical control of the US Supreme Court the neocon's never trump crew was trying to deliver to them? maga
@USER Liberals that think the world owes them a living.
@USERSI do not think so.it would mean he is in trouble. do not wish that on anyone. Isn't that where the Cumm Inn is at?
@USERS One can always tell when Dr is not telling the truth. His mouth is moving! Why on earth would anyone expect the not to cosy up to Trump?
@USERS I cannot even imagine it. I think they would boot her off. She is the craziest reality star of all time.
STOCKS RECORD HIGH http maga
@USER And no one in their infinite wisdom couldn't predict this? Please!
@USER I am still bitter she deserved better
@USERS Believe all women, even those who cannot even offer any specific details. These other women are liars! I know liberals are hypocrites, but try to stay consistent through at least one event. 
@USER that is one way to look at it. The other is that the charge is bullshit for almost everyone.
 1 or L iberals and conservatives are on average no more or less narcissistic compared to each other. But the two political orientations are associated with different facets of narcissism http 
@USER Fake news
@USERS Am I a professional? No so your statement is irrelevant. it is not like hardy has done basically identical falls a million times or anything. You clearly know nothing about this. 50 bucks says he is perfectly fine. Orton wouldn't have said what he said if he was hurt.
@USER Dude hasnt been sober a day since 7th grade idc what it is at this point he is broken
@USERS As I am watching it Bentley kept looking at me face with tears of joy he being crate trained again so we good for now. He only allowed out to eat pee and shit and occasionally play time face with tears of joy face with tears of joy woman shrugging medium-dark skin tone 
@USERS Best female tennis player ever? Arguably. Great player. She is starting to age and become less unbeatable.
@USER You liberals. shaking my head.tweeting stupid shit! Trump order elimination of isis Obama did not . people! .think about how people R not murder now saved because we hav killed of isis
@USERS You will be voted out all together You crazy bat.
@USERS False. Your intrusion on the constitutional rights of honest Americans did NOTHING to curb violent crime. Gun control equals to violence against the law-abiding citizen.
@USERS He is one who should Not own a gun-Such a lost soul All he Needs is Jesus Christ latin cross selector 
@USERS No gun laws have prevented the violence in Chicago or DC where laws are far more strict. Gun control laws lead to the deaths of innocent people who cannot protect themselves from criminals.
@USER Nigga we're going next week
@USERS Maybe he can help the liberals with TDS.
@USER She is a bit skeptical. Her past relationships were rather challenging and she clearly has not the best experiences. This is why she always wants to be sure. http
Kamala Harris interviewed by CBS This Morning on kavanaugh s character. maga make america great again the resistance http
@USER you are too face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss 
@USER Some days you are Louis Winthorpe III before he met Ophelia. http
@USERS you are just as far away behind the goals at Hampden than you are at Wembley. There's a lot of greeting faced people up here
@USER Finally a administration that cares about its legal citizens
 or or i'll make a pinned tweet when i get home but She Is Here
@USER Faints .
@USER Was Al Gore nominated for Supreme Court judge? You conservatives have some nerve.
@USERSgot you
@USERS This fluffy bastard. http
@USERS We play at Connie's on Sat woo
@USERS I cri evritiem
@USER Beyond absurd! Ehat flavor kool-aide is being dispensed at the water cooler? group think stinks
@USERS Now Comes The Pain maga wwg1wga http
@USERS This is why we follow each other -such peace in my Twitter Avenue is amazing http
@USERS Or buy a gun &amp open carry to exert coercive control over an entire town. The open carry demonstrator who eventually stalked me absolutely had this dynamic. I wrote about it for http
@USER I believe he is talented no matter what he performs. it is hard to put him in a category. What do you think?
@USER You are awful.
@USERS Why? Chairman of Young Conservatives whilst at Oxford.
@USERS Whatever your missing my point which is that he is not even reached his ceiling and not good enough for him he is better than 7th best in the lg
@USERS .unless you are good with an accused rapist sitting on the highest bench in the land. I am sure your female constituents would love to hear you explain that away.
@USER Liberals go crazy over Creationist's religious beliefs yet when useful for their own insanity disregard science There are 2 genders Male &amp Female - this is a scientific fact A man does not chop off his breasts or have babies And where are the breastfeeding nazis for her cruelty
@USER did not she also say Trump will never be president take it to the bank 
@USER Probably all staged by liberals to block Kavanaugh
@USERS She should have gotten August off to let work on stuff at the P. because. It would have help her a lot.
@USERS Hope he is able to stay in the league
@USER President Donald J Trump brings good will to all! MAGA! SPYGATE! NOBEL!
@USERS she is in fact not latino back to your trade
 @USER Pulling out all the stops with no holds barred is the battle tactic or strategy of the usual Secular-Progressive, Democrat, or MSM Archetype. Before our Country.Constitution is lost Conservatives and Republicans must say, No More Mr. or M's. Nice Person! 
@USER brother.he is cray mehn
@USERS Ask he know the truth smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes have favoritism person so unfair
A private life is a happy life smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS Buckle up Democrats and liberals! The shit is about to hit the fan for you and the FBI or DOJ !
@USERS I still cannot believe that you are 51 years old and yes your mom gave you some great genes
@USER Did you even READ this article? No one is suggesting Trump made this claim. And there are several links to good deeds he IS credited with. http http http
MUST READ backhand index pointing down maga http
@USER 3 this appointment has been commonly know for 6 months minimum .But now when the left has nothing else to throw at him she suddenly speaks up. 4 This individual is a antifa supporting liberal collage professor . Continued.
 overheard convo dad he is talking about Government. Brown. I'd like to shoot him. he is a terrible man small child but why? That'd make you a criminal! dad it'd be worth. all liberals need to die small child wow that is sad it is naive to think these beliefs are dying off
@USERS liberals had some sort of mutual masturbation awards show. This is me still not caring. http
@USER How awesome! Takes pictures! She is such an icon and legend. What a pioneer for women! Enjoy it!
Get busy. rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing maga confirm kavanaugh dems desperate http
@USERS At least we have brains to fall out in the first place unlike conservatives who believe everything their handlers feed them. 
 @USER Radicalism? who's behind Antifa and other disruptive organizations causing havoc - your buddy George Soros. Again, if you have a SPECIFIC accusation, you should bring it. all of your words are political rhetoric. Nothing clear here. 
@USERS Tbere aren't hardly any Conservatives left in California. Perhaps the threats are just unintelligible robo calls by Antifa comrades jacked up on Starbucks and Lucky Charms.
@USERSJesus inherited the sinful genes from sinful Mary. It was in Jesus blood to commit sin.
@USERS IT WAS OFF THE PLATFORM HOW IS THIS OK!?!?
@USER Conservatives Vote NOW! Fed Up With Stupidity!
 &lt BECAUSE YOU ARE MY &gt by Gi Ng y Thu N m 1997 x Golden Beryl. Because you are my , so I'll cherish every moment with you. You are my past, present and my future. Link http happy hyun jae day believe hyun jae day http 
@USER Congratulations on being in San Antonio for one year! I am glad you are working here!
@USERS You are awesome heart suit selector heart suit selector smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS Same with the conservatives
@USERS I did not know Oprah Winfrey knew how to play tennis. . face screaming in fear 
@USER What exactly does he think he is going to do? He should be careful about how he goes around issuing sly theats.
@USERS Security are paid to protect you from trash and crazy people
@USER thank you for signing Shelby's poster last night! She is still so excited. We are so proud of our big win! one troy go trojans proud alum http
@USER Hate to rain on the parade but this is most likely a 1-11 Arkansas team they beat. Glad for Mason as he is a great player but the team they beat would not be competitive in because-USA
@USERS To pivot away from China - Form TPP TRUMP Pacific Partnership! - Give business to other Asian countries and form strong support network outside China! - Ban products from China that include stolen Intellectual Property - No sharing IP to do business in China maga 
@USERS . your going to jail
 Replace Chris Collins with anyone but Carl Paladino http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS who really cares about any of this wack ass beef? face with tears of joy skull 
@USER We are actually thinking of making this event a gathering for local Antifa members and the resistance Make your voices heard against drum pf water wave water wave water wave rainbow flag selector 
 you of gh Justice Studies Assistant Program Head Dr. Glenn Hanna recently took part in a series of interviews with CBC radio regarding gun control and what a potential ban on handguns and assault rifles could mean for Canada. Listen to the interview here http http
@USER Liberals and third worlders to thank for it.
How does this maga Is this our tax dollars at work.?!? http
@USER And the fact he called you a nigger after you respectfully told him your preference damn near proves that theory woman facepalming medium skin tone 
@USERS Hi Brit. I was notified by Twitter account that he placed me on 2 of his TARGET lists.Terrorist .and Antifa not so funny . he is got high profile people like you on his list and then he is got random citizens on his lists. I have notificed 
@USER http Go back to Alpha. Sara will report more today. Omega is coming. Truth. Trust the Plan. MAGA . WE are the PLAN equals to Truth.
@USERS Wait for it.GUN CONTROL.oh wait Hoggy boy is in Canada rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER 3 pitches right down the middle while no one else is having trouble with this guy. Its unbelievable he is playing with the season on the line
@USER Do you have the state right.Cali and Chicago are protected by many strict gun control laws.
@USERS .It did not happen so she is fine.
@USERS she is a bad girl ! bad bad gril 
@USERSHappy to connect. we make america great United States United States United States 
@USERS We've got a big story coming out most probably next week about the Communist origins of Antifa. I hope you can join us 
@USER fuck that
@USERS You've got too many NewYork Liberals moving into the state. I see it in my town.
@USERS Rabid nationalists who've been misled into thinking it is the liberals who are globalists.
@USERS Those other three are activist judges . They must be conservatives! 
@USERS Why did not she save her grandfather in Puerto Rico if she had that kind of cash? because She is socialist.
@USERSThank you for allowing me aboard! Proudly following all maga kag Patriots United States 
@USER LMBO! She's like Pelosi. She thinks she important because she is a female. She is a destriment to society and Real Women!
@USER Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive.! Give it up Serena you are looking silly now.
@USERS I will be looking to invest offshore after this
@USER He was almost shot and that makes him an expert.
 @USER This message is also going to get Antifa members killed - if the open carry nuts feel someone is trying to kill them by taking their gun, they will defend themselves - and will probably not face jail. Whereas someone actively stealing a gun will. 
@USER This is all political theater. Are liberals really that stupid to believe that the FBI investigates state crimes? Especially incidents that happened 36 years ago by a juvenile? This is nothing more than a tactic to delay Kavanaugh's confirmation.
@USER Perhaps we have zeroed in on the problem with liberals. Their fruits and vegetables are unclean.
@USERS it is ridiculous. All the sock puppet accounts apparently have marching orders to start a boycott of the film. A lot of MAGA snowflakes. neutral face Thankfully most of them are on our list of known sock puppets so blocking the rest wasn't hard.
@USERS I cannot stand looking at him. nauseated face nauseated face nauseated face take a stand not a knee United States United States United States 
@USER If you are prepared to go through the necessary training and background checks then you should be able to carry a concealed firearm.
@USERS Please get out to vote Republican right down the ticket or Pelosi gets back into control
@USER Be sure to just cover liberals' p.o.v. that is what you do. Not fair &amp balanced.
@USER By making conservatives so sick we cannot make it to the polling place!
 @USER My fault was never with news crews reporting from within disaster areas it was only with live shots in dangerous situations. I think it is detrimental, because a viewer could see that and say, If he or she is out in that weather, it cannot be that bad. 
@USERS Liberals do not Appreciate Your Sarcasm. They Thought You Were On Their Side.
@USERS 1 of 2 Support Chief's comments. I'd recommend reading excellent true crime book, In Plain Sight The Kaufman County Prosecutor Murders - by Kathryn Casey. Victims were all armed DA, very heavily and prepared to protect themselves. Not about gun control, but. 
@USERS I find it very offensive that you know what black people feel! As a black not African because I was born in America want recognition then build your own stuff! it is the same with Conservatives that cry about censorship If you do not like the rules build your own house. http
@USERS Time these AntiFA thugs were made a proscribed organisation - or cleaned their act up. Everyone has a right of protest - nobody has a right of extreme violent protest.
 @USER OK, on second thought, Antifa wasn't even a thing when this was done I do not think but solidarity with Israel shows that somebody is in denial of certain actions on Israel's part. 
@USERS The left does not care. They victimize women and minorities for political gain. Same story different democrat. lib tards walk away maga
@USER protec because kaiser He is a fucking sweetheart and DESERVES THE WORLD GODAMN IT
@USERSJust be careful because I got a suspension for using a meme that said gaf once! Mirror .
@USER Odd how conservatives keep getting exposed of being child fuckers. that is why they're against abortion. More victims
@USERS Wow those liberals are so uncivil and full of hate. lick a witch http
@USERS yes he is
@USER Because she is in Labour Friends of Israel ?
@USERS Explain to me where i said that wasn't true. I know what due process means. I know when anyone goes to court over a crime like that it affects their lives. he is not exempt from the process or ridicule
@USER How is it you had a document that all those women signed if you did not know anything about the accusation. Sounds to me a cover up was planned. You are a disgrace to the office you hold
@USER Just because some flaky pink hat wearing woman says so? Try again. Where's the police records and the like. Tired of liberals thinking they can lie to ruin someone's life because they do not like Trump
@USERS Good luck with that! I do not follow along with fascists like the resist movement and their apple and google overlords. I know what happened in World War Two and its the rhetoric they use that put us there. I do not need a GOD to see the hate spewed from antifa and how that is wrong. 
@USERS I support your fight for justice and to hold those responsible accountable. The hypocrisy is beyond any moral standard. Where's the outrage. Yet they hide behind the vail of gun control and leftists propaganda beginning with Shame on them.
@USER Because you are pile of poo 
@USER Olive love the pool at Green Beagle Lodge when I am out of town! She is a good girl! http
@USERS Ann's a smart lady and she is absolutely right! build the wall
@USER Let's not forget the treatment of Sarah Palin by these same California liberals. And now they say Kavanaugh 's accuser is being bullied?
@USERS What do you think 'gun control' is all about then? It cannot be about saving lives because it has been proven over and over again that the only sure way to protect people from bad guys with guns is having good guys with guns to fend them off!
@USERS The Brandon Lewis express http
@USER Why would someone be videoing ? Inside job? flushed face asking for a friend . Hope she is ok .
@USERS Sorry to say but you are ignorant and should not tweet something without some research. Some of the ones that were arrested were seniors. They are all people that care enough about what is happening to go out to have their voices heard.
Bias Blockers The New Glasses Made for maga Racists and Homophobes WATCH http http
@USERS This coming from the Soros militia. Aren't you the intellectual mind behind ANTIFA?
@USERSOf course. Thanks for making my point. ANTIFA has no clue what fascism is.
@USER Gutierrez people Died in Puerto Rico Because Gutierrez is a racist Hispanic.
@USER NANSBABH BITCH STFU
@USERS He is.
@USER 25th amendment ? Comey and Mulller with a half roll of duct tape should be sufficient . just get the sorry sonofabitch away .
@USERS I love Donald Trump our president of the USA.MAGA.
@USERS Sleazy and greasy!
@USERS Please take John Harwood's pen away. He is incapable of unbiased reporting.
@USER That shimmmy ok ok ok. You are that bitch. jk
@USER so many things i've created but this right here might be my favorite loudly crying face loudly crying face broken heart broken heart 
@USER wow you are so beautiful ayumi
@USER Whatever dude if you want to use Antifa tactics you should meet the baton of the riot police
@USER Did the view just exposed crooked Hillary through Omarosa? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS Only when you vote out the liberals &amp ndp!
@USER An obvious last minute liberal ploy to delay confirmation. More dirty tricks since the liberals lost the previous election.
@USER Crazy freaking liberals
@USERS One of my punk rock friends in NYC is always getting weird hate mail. He posted about it and in the comments someone used a J-hope gif. Of course I had to explain who he is. I love how people use their gifs and have no clue face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS You just described all the liberals! that is not what I said! President Trump unlike Obama Loves this Country his actions prove it he is for the growth of America not the destruction!
@USERS Bohot bohot badhai Bhuvan bhai for surpassing 10 million subscribers milestone You are one man army First youtuber from india jisne apne dum par 10 million subscribers pass kiye And hope this good news may help your father for his speedy recovery http
@USER The global elitists never thought you would win. Just like our Trump. America knows your truth and knows how you are trying to help your citizens. Stay strong. America knows and supports you. The NWO will NEVER win!
@USER YOU ARE THE REAL DISNEY PRINCESS
@USERS ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS? I AM ITALIAN! TALK TO MY FATHER WHO WAS BORN IN SICILY OF YOUR RIDICULOUS NOTIONS. you are AN IDIOT! Why do you think the left as Antifa? STANDS FOR ANTI-FASCISM! DICTATORS ARE RIGHT WING!
@USERS The most ironic thing is. The dems hasten their own demise while empowering their executioners. Do they think once this monster is unleashed that it will not turn on them first? maga wwg1wga Written by Antifa terrorists backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down http
@USERS You are a liar Ed. You have always been a liar. The people in Puerto Rico lives in squalor. Government officials hid supplies sent. Miss reported death toll due to hurricane. Stop lying!
@USERS Both of them.
@USER On reflection if you meant 12.47 am you are indeed fucked
@USERS Now the woman has not responded to MANY attempts to be contacted about whether or not she is going to show up Monday to testify. I thought she wanted to be heard all of a sudden!
@USER Yep! She texted me to call her and when i did she told me i was fired like what the fuck
2 hours at midnight and she said she is not a call girl? -Awkward!
@USERS I so hope you are a real person because this is a perfect tweet.
@USER Austin Rogers? YAY! He is a favorite. So glad we will be seeing him again.
@USER Correction Antifa - PEACEFUL Protesters
@USER what about this woman .funny I do not see liberals fighting for her. http
 .@USER - Thank you to everyone who has supported me through this difficult time. I cannot express eloquently enough what your kindness has meant to my family and me. Here are my thoughts on threats against conservatives and what is at stake. http 
@USER At what point does the Lib playbook turn to dust after repeating the same BS over and over?
@USERSExactly that is what liberals do not understand we WILL DIE FOR OUR LOVED ONES
@USER Get that shit off my phone Bono - I'll never forgive you
@USERS I did not know if it was a guy or girl at first. But she is definitely the most un-charismatic person I've ever seen hosting any type of show.
@USER What's the first thing you are going to do?
@USERS Endless Dreg here. grinning face grinning face grinning face grinning face United States United States United States #MAGA &gt &gt &gt &gt &gt &lt &lt &lt &lt &lt &lt Pervert supreme of society
@USERS He is probably dying due to dog fumes face with tears of joy 
talk like a pirate day UK SCURVY PIRATE @USER PLUNDERED 1950s women 's state pension CHEST &amp refuse to PARLAY MAROONED us with NO GOLD DOUBLOONS only wormy biscuits 1950sborn women will sail alongside blast a broadside &amp make them walk plank balance scale selector back to 60 one voice http
@USERS i feel like generally the principle i would use is punching up if you are taking people down then good. if you are like.just giving them a bigger audience then welp, you done f'ed up i would compare it to antifa stuff i mean, that is in fact what it is 
@USER Did this happen when she played her sister? Mom! Serena beat me over my head with the tennis racket again. Now. Now. Mommy will bake you some cookies and tell you how your sister is marginalizing your existence. 
@USER Look at how shamelessly liberals lie to destroy a man's life.
@USERS The same thing happened when Australia introduced gun control. Just rename the unemployment line to gun deaths and remove the stock market line and you've got a graph that represents it. Also change the before and after.
@USER So these Parkland students are a joke they were hijacked from Sanity by these gun control freakazoids at the get-go and their parents let them
@USER left! http
@USERSThanks in advance for the follow back
@USERS Why wasn't we given the chance to change our minds for 43years also if we have another vote and you win can we change our minds again or will all changing of minds be banned when you get your way
@USERS someone should lock her up she is nothing but a bitter and twisted old cow
@USER Does he know who you are? 
@USER I totally disagree with this. I can never tell which way he is leaning on an issue. He gives the news and asks the questions. Nothing against Chris Wallace or Shep.
@USERS then why is America succeeding under President Trump.
Analysis Devin Nunes explains 'antifa' and 'all of these riots' 'We're winning' - The Washington Post @USER traitor vote him out http
@USER Shocking. Consider most of the country wants smart gun control. Not the Wild Wild West like you espouse.
yemen s Mukalla, once overrun by al-Qaeda, tries gun control. In other places, manhood is proven by carrying weapons. @USER http
@USER Good
6. She's a fucking icon. a legend. a genius. THAT BITCH. SHE IS QUEEN. crown crown crown crown @USER nick id ago at http
@USERS He is awful. And so smug.
 #IBelieveChristine and stand behind her bravery, which makes her a target of cruel and hideous conservatives who will do anything to get kavanaugh on the SC. women are watching this ain't 1991, fellas! vote them out http 
@USERS Yeah like conservatives are synonymous with truth telling. Pleeease.
@USERS Name them. Who are these conservatives who are driving this dump truck of yours, and when they were passionate about deficits. Name them. Who are they? 
@USERS gun control has nothing to do with taking away rights As long as you agree to the stipulations you put in place. 
@USER You are welcome. thumbs up 
@USER Actually it seems more specific than that. It appears the CBC is saying opposing gun control is the same as covering up child molestation in the catholic church. what the fuck?
@USER Do you think he should be impeached ? maga http
@USER HAVE YOU NOTICED HOW RACIST THE MEDIA IS THEY ONLY SHOW THE BLACK PLAYERS KNEELING AND NO ONE EVERY COMPLAINS ABOUT THAT ?
@USERS Consider this source . is a supreme ass kissing douche bag.
@USER Everyone in Washington including John Heinz is being uncovered as the corrupt elites they are.Like cockroaches running from the light.
@USERS And is completely unconstitutional. If the state deems you are not a criminal and therefor have not relinquished your right to bear arms, they have no right to regulate who is competent or skilled enough to own one. Once again, it is NOT the same as driving a car. 
@USER He passes the ball to Keita instead should have actually shot and we would not be having any discussion. If anything he is quite selfless
@USER What if she was crying because of the way Williams was treated? or because women are treated diff on the court and she is sick of that detracting from her and other women's achievements on the court?
@USERS He is on the practice squad and they did sign Soldier to play LT. Granted I would of preferred they did more on the OL but they made changes.
@USERS PANIC in DC - Sessions sent letter to Supreme Court re direction for him to UNrecuse himself. wwg1wga q a non maga walk awayURL
58 factory workers massacred in Salt Lake City with Intratec MAC-11. The NRA blames gun control laws.
@USER His ego gets in the way. He is not a great coach. Good but not great. There are several coaches that could win with the talent at Auburn.
@USER Wait for it. The DIMS are going to preach gun control.
UPDATE Chuck Schumer's Steamy Affair With A High School Cheerleader Conf. http via @USER Well someone said it so it must be true! ChickSchumer should Resign k avena ugh thursday thoughts friday feeling dem dirty trick maga resist FBI should Investigate
Never give in or never give up the fight maga http
@USER You 100% believe AB would be the player he is today without Big Ben?
@USERS Liberals are in full meltdown today.fun to watch.
@USERS Dr Merck just following orders. Abysmal little pharma troll he is.
@USERS He is such an arrogant creep. believes he is God's gift to Politics
@USERS Democrats gun control and mass shootings data determined to be FRAUDULENT. Democrats are liars once again. http
@USERS I think alt right is going to burn their jeans next . http
@USER you are very welcome! There are some INCREDIBLE bloggers I have connected with on here!
@USERSFollowed all! Please follow back! maga kag red wave rising confirm kavanaugh walk away follo4follo trump train
@USERS And democrats ARE out here trying to have policies of gun control. Try watching other news outlets other than Fox.
@USER Certainly does http
@USERS Radicalism? Seriously? Let's see your so called resist movement gave birth to ANTIFA thugs who run around trying to sow chaos &amp stifle free speech! has created a dialogue in this country that addresses the division and corruption already plaguing this country.
@USERS If you want societal dregs - take a look at antifa
@USERS Would have been far cheaper to relocate jobless or homeless to bulgaria where property is super cheap &amp many speak English. You prefer the expensive brexity way. you are governing. I wouldn't do it that way. Ref was non-binding call for opinion. Disregard it. Was 50 or 50 near enough.
@USER Fuck me daddy
@USER And apparently Serena's cheating and temper tantrum was the only pathway to this endeavor.
@USERS deep state you are going down! maga red wave rising red wave walk away from democrats walk away walk away march make this viral http
@USER I. AM. READ. E! http
@USERS Made me smile. beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes 
@USER Remember when Liberals were called the snowflakes? Conservatives now have the sads about a hollywood award show.
@USERS I hope you did not just invite Antifa. Good luck &amp be safe.
@USER All that shit was hers http
@USER Yeah we do legitamately need better mental health treatment in the us not to say that is a replacement for stronger gun control 
@USERS Also cancel school debt is the most stupid of all of her ideas. And far left idea of free college is bigoted idea. No wonder conservatives call us elitists . Who is going to pay for technical or trade schools 4 those who are not book smart ? Crazy! 
@USER Liberals will blame the NRA before they blame the lunatic that ended the life of 3 innocent individuals.
&amp you are myy brotherr red heart selector red heart selector http
@USERS ummm last time we checked chicago already has gun control. the atrocious gun violence did not start with trump.
@USER You are gorgeous
@USER I'd rather be buried alive
@USERS He is an incredible leader and a true hero. Thank you Chef. 
@USERS NO REAL AMERICAN WOULD WATCH THIS CRAP
@USERS Still you are very good. But I am down to play. Scared money do not make money they say.
@USERSYou are way too generous
@USER Why not move south? Why is it always a Lilly white northern country liberals want to move to? Could it be racism? OK hand medium-dark skin tone 
@USER I'll be looking for you on here election night.make sure you are on Twitter.
 @USER Open a Case 4-this John Kerry Obama &amp I KNOWINGLY FUNDED TERROR 55 BILLION $$$ With a B ! God bless Trump maga kag deep state . FULL LINK http . http 
@USERS i told you that wont work. there will be another CCP. if the GOP collapses and becomes a rump party the liberals will grow until the democratic party splits in the middle into conservative tendency democrats and liberal tendency democrats.
@USERS You have no right to assume she is telling anything less than the truth. Because you side with Kavanaugh says more about you than him. I hope the voters in your state understand than you will always side with him. And consequently always side against her. Shame on you!#VoteBlue
q a non LIBERALS ARE LIKE MONKEYS THROWING THEIR OWN SHIT AT EVERYTHING
 @USER My husband is getting his PhD in physics while I am getting mine in chemistry. We usually get the wide-eyed recoil that clearly says, you are not normal humans, and I can have nothing in common with you. Followed by the polite excuse to stop talking with us. 
@USERS You forgot to tag your Bulletproof bullshit mate . You got sucked into the vortex Tom and now you are drinking all the koolaid.
@USERS Only people that own guns get a say on what to do about gun control.
@USER many thanks to Karel in banquet services - he is treating our ONA student newsroom team sooooo well. We really appreciate the whole team!
 @USER Authoritarianism is terrifying and destructive. Right now the Conservatives are authoritarian neo-liberals. Fascism is right wing, not left-wing. Centrist politics to privatise profit but burdening tax-payers with all the risks is a bad deal and why centrism is unpopular. 
@USER Bitter Barack. That says it all
@USER She has not been coached well enough yet. This whole thing is a scam to delay a vote so that it is a midterm election talking point. Conservatives should make it a non issue by turning out in record numbers to support MAGA agenda and candidates.
 @USER Never Trumper uses brain for first time, wakes up to the fight maga community has been waging for two years. 
@USER oh my god Jin's laugh makes me wanna laugh my whole life. He is so adorable
@USER Obama's and Dems passed Affordable Care without Senate Majority so Gun Control COULD Have happened
@USERSIt would
@USER Your dad is my Idol an he is raising to amazing young men
@USERS Right now is the most convenient time for a possible wrinkle to thrown at Conservatives. Dems have whined and cried and stomp their feet and thrown tantrums until the rest of America that may have trusted them definitely do not now. Theyre lying snakes and they deserve nothing. 
@USER do not believe that.
1 Year Ago Today Cherry Oakwood Radio Hostess went Home to be with God. She is http
@USERS And what do you think Ron desantis is going to do for you? he is probably in the back pocket of the NRA! Good luck getting anything done as far as gun control because that is what we'r seriously need as a country! We need tougher background checks at least!
@USERS that is a black referring to a group. Markedly different from affluent white people calling Ben Carson or any other prominent conservative that term. I am thinking more of stuff like this http Antifa n word is quite a fruitful search. 
Remember. Just like we tried to tell you. You do not hear from Roy Moore's accusers anymore. They're running the same play. confirm kavanaugh maga christine blase y ford
@USERSIs that supposed to hurt my feeling or something? Wait- let me get my 8 year old. She is more your speed.
@USERS I was just going through my TL and I saw this. There are no words she is such a sweetheart this is so horribly sad. May her family find the strength.
@USERS Actually Texas is a red state that has had TOO MANY liberals move in trying to ruin things. So do not cast aspersions against Texas. it is the liberals from Cali. and Colorado that keep moving in.
@USER He is phony and opportunist. Look at the millions he is making out of gullible people. Lets see if he donates millions he has to help his hometown. Oh well its people's money they use. Their money is untouchable
@USER Conservatives just keep doubling down on being terrible people.
@USER The funniest thing about her is how easily triggered she is! Well that and how ugly she is
@USERS that is the problem with conservatives. They mix up etiquette and talent. Both in moderation.
@USERS Bet Ford is a part of antifa and the Berkeley gang
@USER She is absolutely gorgeous!
@USERS Candiace. She is trash.
@USERS Yes he is face blowing a kiss 
@USERS &gt comparing Antifa weaklings to World War Two soldiers
@USER face with tears of joy man oh man she is thanking a drug addict for support ? The other guy had it right shes a story teller plain and simple!
@USER Conservatives lied !?! About their virtues? This is my shocked face.
@USER Clown
@USERS He would say that. he is running scared! And so he should be!
@USER You are carrying Dave. Get out while you can.
@USERS does not ALTERNATIVE FACT equals to FALSEHOOD? magaHow do Alt Government accounts exist? How many accounts? Illegal? Subverting will of the people? Who runs? Who pays? Where from? IP address tracking? 
@USERS Democrat supports domestic terror group antifa http
@USER An obvious last minute liberal ploy to delay confirmation. More dirty tricks since the liberals lost the previous election.
 @USER Ms Weaver is incorrect. Not once that I am aware, has any informed person who advocates gun control said they want to take away all weapons. Semi autos, yes. Better registration, yes. Better background checks, yes. Ms Weaver appears to bend the truth to create fear &amp chaos. 
@USER just turn on everywhere eb face with rolling eyes 
@USERS Only if Soros says I can!
@USER Gorgeous! And those tits are KILLER! red heart selector 
.theresa may Today I can announce that new longer-term partnerships will be opened up to the most ambitious housing associations through a ground-breaking 2 billion initiative.the first time any Government has offered housing associations such long- http
@USER We in this bitch together man tipping hand medium skin tone 
'WHOA-BAMA!' Dismayed Michelle Obama fans suffer sticker shock over price of book tour tickets http sit room the lead out front ac360 npr pbsnews pbs newshour t cot t lot maga nyc boston baltimore cleveland chicago milwaukee denver philadelphia la
@USER At least he is not a coward like you. What's your platform? Where's your donor list? bernier nation it is time conservatives did the right thing.
@USERS You know it is a good tyr impression when there's a fat typo in it
@USER ANTIFA? As in anti fascism? Damn who wouldn't want that in America? Maybe our ancestors who fought the nazis in World War Two?
@USER Hmm! Maybe we now know why they see such a need for gun control - restraint of their own overly violent tendencies. winking face 
@USERS Where is integrity in any of these Trump hating agencies. Justice only works for liberals.
@USERS it is a disgrace and are in danger of imploding if they do not remove 
@USER I SAW IT but mi rosoft sucks at translations
 @USER face with tears of joy face with tears of joy yeah ok sure next time i just did not wanna let people know who she is so that they do not go all over her and attack her but if ur sure then OkAy 
@USERS So conservatives freak out about coffee cups people kneeling for social injustice Nike shoes Etc I think it is the conservative that needs safe spaces
@USERS NICELY SAID MR.REDWOOD !
@USER Smearing Supreme Court Justices now? What's next for the ultra-left nazis liberals.
@USER Gitmo could resolve Holders issues along with all of Obama's Clowns
@USERS You know you are a racist monkey huh? I am sure you know what you are a piece of trash. I never hear these pieces of horse shit speak the truth only their racist lies. Bitch boy it is ABOUT THE RACIST COPS KILLING UNARMED BLACK AND BROWN people! that is THE FACT. ASS CLOWN!
1 it does not matter how ANYONE feels 2 anyone can talk about something. there are no segregated conversations. unless you are a regressive. http
@USER Start with explaining why you think he is stupid rather than writing a question looking for attention.
@USER cannot fucking believe it.
@USER if i done what John Kery did i would be under the jail.just saying oncve you are no longer in a position in the Government't does not mean to continue illigally gooing around having meeting and talks with people you shouldnt even be in the same room with anymore.just saying!we have LAWS!
@USER did not know he was still alive.
@USERS . your the perfect example of why Americans despise lying liberals. Disgusting
@USER Come on CNN. He literally introduced himself. The guy is a public figure for gun control. Call him out!
@USER ur a fucking dumbass fr. there's no way she is anyone else's face with tears of joy 
@USERS do not be surprised when Libertarians win in local and state levels. people are getting sick and tired of both sides with empty promises.
@USERS Quick Preview Summary Blame Democrats Blame Obama Blame gun control Blame blacks passively Blame Democrats
@USER Your so correct! Liberals r so easy to figure out! Make America great again Get rid of All liberal Woman
@USERS Move to North Korea where you will find all the oppressive authoritarian gun control you want. Any one of these other countries with low gun ownership should work for you too. Good luck! http
@USER What the fuck was that dildo rider antifa fuck going on about?
@USERS Bill Clinton enjoyed raping them while Ted Kennedy enjoyed killing them. But you are cool with that.
@USERS Yes, Joy ?. You were about to say Six-and-a-half years? Because that is correct, you sociopath. You are stuck with this , f o r t h e n e x t SIX-&amp -ONE-HALF-YEARS. maga2kag United States winning
@USER sounds great i already came up with 2 dumb drawings involving her that I am not sure if i should make or not.espacily since i havent even read the chapters of the manga where she is in yet
@USERS It still won't protect you at intersections - in fact it makes it worse - you are hidden until it is too late. It makes it much more difficult to make left turns or leave the lane for any reason.
@USERS Yes she is!
@USER They have to. Now that she is the one who hasn't left family in terrible times.
@USER Drill baby drill
@USERS Being paid no doubt
@USERS it is cute you liberals think you can save the world cute but naive.
@USER She should start kneeling before matches and talk about how oppressed she is. Its getting deep in America with all the BS the liberal nuts are throwing up
@USERS This is the best the Conservatives could come up with! Stop this humiliation. ge2018
@USER CP24 as usual interviewing only liberals with negative reviews.
@USER Politicians are finally getting it through their heads that the NRA does not represent a majority of gun owners. Most responsible gun owners SUPPORT gun control. You are pushing policies that most American gun owners find reprehensible.
@USER Wind has become the true anti-fascist! Long live comrade wind against you.S. imperialist and capitalist hegemony! antifa socialism
@USER it is amazing that when things pertain to conservatives it is guilty until proven innocent. Where is the Justice when lawless acts perpetrated by the left get ignored?
@USERS And that is why you are a sheep. You think that Fox it is viewers which would make up mostly Republicans or conservatives are all rich?
@USER And I have a bridge to sell you. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERSHow about showing patterns of intent. The march in Charlottesville. that is a perfect example of patterns of intent. Where is that proof with Antifa? Where did they go purposely to denounce black people in America?
@USER She is so adorable!
@USER I thought it would be worse. I thought they would be shooting liberals in the streets by now.
@USER minus well keep him how he is brother
@USER Wait a sec . shouldn't Trump being proposing comprehensive vetting for gun control? what the fuck ? gun control now vote blue
@USERS The only difference is how many parasites it has feeding off it you mean?
@USERS Tonight, Sean Hannity Rabid ANTIFA leftist publicly fantasizes about the distinguished United States Senator from Texas, Ted Cruz, getting cancer. 
@USER Joe's number one rule is respect 90. WC did not. I love the kid. He is kinda gassed. Frustrated that hitting went bad after all star game. He will learn from it. Go Cubs!
@USERS Fuck that a bitch needs to have more class you cannot act a ass because someone liked a tweet about you it do not matter who you are! ny fw is not the place to decide to be about that life and run up and throw shoes. What Cardi Did wasnt the issue WHERE it was done was the issue!
@USER More woman working because the Liberals have put their husbands out of work.
@USERS You forgot the sarcasm tag kid. Some people are ignorant enough to think you are serious
@USER Bill Maher is a known POS!
@USER We must all stick together to MAGA
@USERS Nobody interferes and steals elections for liberals in western democracies including America than Soros. Why there is no investigation and are no charges against him? Yet!
@USERS UK Polititians are a special breed of FILTH! They get together and vote that their Expense and Sex Crimes paedophilia remain secret and then declare child abuse documents remain secret due to National Security Nothing to do with National Security
@USER Cause I dead have no clue who she is.
@USER no she was mumbling i couldn't hear shit she literally spoke w hand signs
@USERS The response from the US was exceptional. The implementation in Puerto Rico was abysmal because of the Democrat Mayor. She hoarded the supplies and only distributed them to her allies first and withheld it for the rest. She is still under FBI investigation
@USER You not in GITMO yet? You do know you will face Jesus face to face do not you? Hope you repent before then because the wide gate and broad way you are on leads to destruction and it will be for eternity! Right now you are not looking so good!
@USERS mark judge We see you are trying to Judge Moore kavanaugh and it won't work. Your Spartacus moment is over! maga kag america first trump fox report
@USER You must be part of the new Nazi Party called Antifa
@USER hell0! What a beautiful sight seeing the antifa scum getting beat down and arrested!
@USER This is absolutely unbelievable. So these protests and mobs are run out of the state dept.? How about Antifa? No wonder they all wear masks. Probably Government. employees using their PTO's. It would explain how so many people can show up anywhere on a weekday.
@USER The Conservatives cut the budget for social housing by more than the 2bn as part of their austerity measures. This new announcement is pure spin and it simply plays on the failure of collective memory
1. If your company does it - your company sucks. 2. If you do not know how to bypass beat it - you are a sucking cuck D
@USER it is great to see you posting this. It shows everyone the disrespect you have for teachers and their role. And it proves that you are wholly unsuitable for any position in parliament.
icy mi this desperate attempt by Conservatives to install kavanaugh while rest of the nation says kava nope http
@USERS Well that is going to send the fake makers of main stream media and the left liberals and the powers behind them nuclear. Amazingly powerful world changing moment in humanitys history. q a non it is everything we've been told to expect! wwg1wga maga mb ga
@USERS It was a disagreement between a fucking umpire and a player! It was not abusive!
@USER I've seen people with some the most beautiful not to mention original art i last my eyes on. but only have 70 followers because they get buried by half-assed bullshit. all because they're not pals with someone popular
@USERS Dude. listen to yourself. igl is so much mure than just calling. all the prepwork and everything. yeah so niko called in one game or in one map. it is like MIBR with cold n fallen. he is such an important player for this roster. 4 superstars and the team works. karri gan
@USER You are all set! I have sent an email to your Gmail account to indicate the update. Have a great day! HJF
@USER Apparently he had a photoshopped mustache as well!
@USERS You are so right!
@USERS You are not helping people your case 
@USERSSoon both the libs &amp the conservatives will havevut so everytime we have a change of Government we'll be paying out cancelled contracts
@USER Leona Alleslve was the weakest link in the Liberals. She is the last thing we need during Canada's NAFTA negotiations. Its a good thing she is out of our military with her Traitor tendencies. Get out of Government too.
@USER Why are you the way that you are
@USER FOLLOW THE MONEY money bag MONEY yen banknote MONEY dollar banknote 
@USERS You just said publicly aligns with neo Nazis. I asked which and you cannot answer got it. Source for your ambush tactics please. By your definitions I am not sure you know what a paramilitary is. Do you classify Antifa as paramilitary?
 @USER Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country! Can someone on the MAGA side please point me to what new plants are currently under construction? Because this is false as I understand it. http 
@USER Boi I am trynna feast on that booty. I mean those noodles
florida what did we do? This only adds to the concerns that gun rights activists have with Ron DeSantis. He voted in favor of adding the Feinstein-backed Fix NICS gun control expansion to the Omnibus spending bill in Congress. http
@USERS He is part of the problem in the Island.the incompetent on the governor and his work team on accepting and not having answers on every issued is our problem right know. Everything in this island right now is a political issued there are no priorities on human needs. face with rolling eyes 
@USER Can this guy get any lower? One of the dumbest people in our country! How did anyone in Arizona voted for this idiot?
@USERSAlready Following! Fantastic MAGA Patriot! United States red heart selector United States 
@USERS Is there an aluminum pole anywhere to be seen?
@USERS I continue to be concerned that our country's gun control laws are not good enough to protect our children. I will only vote for the party that is willing to address this issue.
 @USER God's Major judgement is coming to Bob woodward.thou shalt not bare false witness Let no man be deceived, God will not be mocked, for whatsoever a man sows, that he will reap Touch not my annointed appointed Trump , do them no harm God is not kidding! 
@USERS join our slack 
@USER He is tf that is the only Hail Mary that involed skill
@USER Damaged Kerry's non existent credibility. Seems a lot of Obama-Vomit Doofuses are coming out of the woodworks
vote republican arm american red midterms We cannot let the Democrats take back the tax cuts and the reforms that have put more money in so many pockets. conservatives independents undecided walk away lj maga go redstate by state http
@USER looks so so good fire fire fire fire fire http
@USER 802 is not a poll especially because they are all Liberals
@USER She is wortless why is she not checked out by secret service she is irresponsible in trying to generate hste to have somone kill thre president
@USER i just hope its ab how dumb he is and that shane isnt all AwWW leTs fOrGive hIm because if he does that I am unstanning
@USER Is this you disavoving Antifa? Are you going to start condemning the many death threats against our President? Will you come out and denounce the vile hate spewed at the President and other Republicans?
@USER Eric Holder is guilty of killing a border patrol officer!
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http Rehman Chishti A wonderful experience reading Elmer the Elephant to young Karachiites at pkBritish BritishCouncil Library. Great to be able to promote the amazing work of Bri http
@USER What? He did not get to where he is by saving money through eating McDonalds. How much he makes is the only thing that is relevant.
@USER Hey genius Hitler was dead two years before Trump was born.
@USERS This is what is driving conservatives crazy. A GOP that won't stand against a dirty liberal mob. wake up stand up speak up
@USERS She is too busy patting her hair to realize her Tweets are comical but in a stupid kind of way.
@USERS She is a liar and probably on Soros payroll
@USER Not once did the left ask for gun control after Scalise was shot. Not once! vote red to save america
Spoke with a woman in Croatia today. She said 80% of Croatia loves @USER ! maga
@USERS This video made me join Antifa.
@USER did not break rules. Had permission. A liar.
@USER She's sexy as hell and tough too thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up 
@USERS Lmfaoooooo
@USER What a beautiful person she is.
@USER I do but it can be done with out looking like a nazi bigot. We have to stay true to the people and change the minds of the left. I know you aren't a bigot I followed you for a reason and it is because you post stuff that I like this one time I feel you are feeding the left the
@USER Establishment turd pile of poo ! Conservatives have a much better memory than liberals! We do not have eyes full of hypocrisy blinding us! http
@USER pay close attention he is the same guy that warned us that 45 was a con man
@USER He stolded my diners http
@USERS This is a blatant threat by mad maxine waters ginning up the ANTIFA base I smell more violence wake up america http
16 fuckin Years She waited No words frm you Then you pop in She hugs you Like a tree greets early light Loves you Like deep blue Love its beating waves Thereupon Pour you a drink As you spill Red She looks up in the clouds Sad Like She is still Waiting 4 you bard bits 23
@USER He is best player!
1 positive trump is mobilizing democrats &amp liberals like never b or 4-get involved! never again resist impeach trump mueller time http http
 .I think it is time we stopped being polite to and about the Left. They are not good people, they are walking filth. Small l liberals are their stooges, who do not see they are being used to destroy this country. 
@USER You may not be funny but you are serving up some serious truth bombs and I love it. Thanks!
@USERS He is the biggest LSU hater I've ever heard 
@USER Another crazy liberals
@USERS Deserved better
@USERS I find them super cool I find myself pasting screen caps of them in my Discord. I hope for more in the future as it makes the game more interactive in the sense that my character feels more involved in what is going on around him. More please!
 .We can no longer sit on the sidelines and remain silent on this issue. - Chip Bergh, chief executive @USER This is what people over profits looks like. clapping hands http 
@USERS I state my opinions and can provide examples to support them. You haven't been able to do that. It does not matter to me how or if you accept what I say. that is what you do not seem to understand. Your views are your business - not mine. make america great again maga usa
@USERS here is a guy who was invited to speak at a McCain funeral. never trump ers are as sick as antifa 
@USER Liberals still support this joker? Everyone smart is obviously a conservative.
 @USER Or she is saying You know I am the true anime waifu 
@USERS #ProjectReality has just upped in pace. f business in favour of the 1% of tax-dodgers cheer on as manufacturing gets ready to exit from br exit through relocation Time to end the chaos &amp stop br exit Time for a final say via a peoples vote http 
@USERS Liberals want Bert and Ernie to be gay. WTAF.
@USERS You are absolutely correct! But your question would be better directed at the LIBERALS in Congress, the ones that make conflict Big Business it is all about money &amp power! 
@USERS I am actually having some sympathy for Chris' point here. It seems the line has moved so far to the left that actual liberals have more in common with conservatives than what passes for the left these days. 'cause whatever the left is, it ain't liberal 
@USER FINALLY HOLY SHIT YOU ARE FINALLY READING THE GOAT
@USER This is said by the woman who's campigne sought dirt on Trump. Who lost by loosing States she could not or would not campaigne in. Trump and his team found the weakness and exploited it. that is being policallly smart do not you think? He is the amature here?
@USERS Who appointed you the spokesman for the people at Lake Norman. I Guess you interviewed every person at the lake and it a unanimous poll against President Trump. NOT LIKELY. You are like most liberals who try to speak for everybody
@USER Gun control does not work
@USERS It just seems like this is another way of the liberals to change history.
@USER And we should listen to him because he is an actor. and he is seen first hand what happened to climates on other galaxies.
 @USER My favorite part is where left leaning people say we should believe all accusations at face value when it comes to sexual misconduct but not when it comes to Keith Ellison. Also I am a Buddhist who's skeptical, thanks for adding to the all conservatives are Christian stereotype. 
@USER Yay! So happy she is well hehe.
URLMy loyal maga followers need to read this!
@USER you are such a beautiful classy lady
@USER Great Message ! President Trump Is Winning !
@USER BS maybe the unemployed and those loving on the Government it
@USERS So you are OK with Boris Johnson having to have police protection from Antifa or Momentum then? Tories are clearly scared of because the Tories know they are not delivering the Brexit that 17.4 million people voted for. Shame Tories do not condemn Antifa.
@USERS I just looked. She just advertises a horror movie she is in.
@USER I cannot think of a worse 3 game start for a coach at such a big time university in my life. 1-2 and almost lose to Fred Samford University I know it is Sanford. But yea they still owe him whatever he is owed
@USERS Liberals are using a sexual assault claim as a political tool. Let that sink in.
@USERS Whenever conservatives lose a court ruling, they bitch and moan about activist judges or agenda judges. Whenever anyone else loses a court ruling, they accept that they lost a court ruling. Conservatives are whiny babies. 
@USERS Just as I thought we were getting along. http
@USER I do not think he is Damian.
And there we go . so according to the MAGA believers kavanaugh couldn't have attempted to rape Dr. Ford because her lawyer made a donation to @USER . Idiots http
@USERS and you know what you trash too for being more worried about blaming and shitting on ariana for a death she's not responsible instead of mac.
@USER She is so fake
@USER This MAGA would spend more than you &amp your homies together.Now stop ya whining.
@USERS Unless he is resigning!
@USER Research The racist history of gun control.
@USER Exactly. they're all bitter
@USERS that is why what she did was an ANTIFA style attack. Abusive method meant to bully opposition into silence for control
@USERS Figures! What is wrong with these idiots? Thank God for 
 Verge of collapse The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea. thinking face I move too fast and break things. But i have always told myself Unless you are breaking http
@USERS So you seem to have forgotten some facts. Mayor's we are dying speech with 100s of pallets of supplies behinder her. Warehouse of supplies found rotting. Runway with pallets of water never distributed. Mayor getting indicted.
@USER another judge that first blames the tool then wants to make them dangerous to the legitimate user guess we know wher he is on gun control OUT TO LUNCH your honor sir!
@USERS He is CRAZY!
@USER He needs euthanasia
@USER F him. I would rather watch a Cooking channel! I would have More respect if he led them into Black Genocide Chicago where it would Really Matter. Such left Bulls## Blk millionaires who did not even come out of their Pools this Summer for Blk Genocide
@USERS Twitter and social media seems to make errors only on conservatives and never liberals. Why is that?
@USERS Liberals putting politics ahead of the economy? Never
@USERS The burden of proof is on Ford. She should put up or shut up. She is not credible by any stretch.
liberals have destroyed california just like they are attempting to do to the rest of the country. radicals do not belong in any area of our governments. Grown ups belong there. http
@USER fucking liar she was happy to play kate nash when you asked her
@USER .Google needs to be broken up.they are a threat to the country
@USER I am SAVING THIS GOOD SHITTTT
@USERS Geeezz and does not even air ALL That or the Doug show grimacing face 
@USERS 5. Creating racial tension . USA racial issues start before 1776. These latest ones are fueled by,among others,NRA &amp Congress refusing to fully resource education &amp police training. http http http http 
@USERS Gosh Alejandro you cheating on us.
@USER Liberals are full of s#$t when they say they have alot of love to give! They have become the devils minions. No one will prayerfully vote for their socialist agenda!
@USER What! Now you aren't sure she is truthful! You should recuse yourself immediately from the entire proceedings!
@USER Disgusting.
@USERS So pretty yet so naive. Great actress though. Everything she said was not of american values and was against freedom of the american people. Gun control does not work. Just look at Chicago.
@USER She used her power and authoritative position over this child to manipulate him and get him drunk so she would have him at her disposal. Now she is using her gender as an excuse and claiming the victim assaulted her when we have text messages and pictures that show otherwise
@USERS Tons of self-professed conservatives have unwittingly embraced the key tenets of Feminism without even realizing it. The average conservative woman of 2018 is more liberal than the average liberal woman of 60 years ago. 
Here's a fun fact Trump's approval ratings in Texas have gone up 4 percent from February to June maga http
@USER the goofball is losing money and is still to dumb to know why.
@USERS do not you know? Trump runs everything himself. He is hands on. Except when he is not then he has never met that guy but has heard he is very bad.
@USERS This can ONLY help the Conservatives unify! face with rolling eyes 
@USER But you are Dreg of society!
cancel south park They were liberals when you were still suckin' on your momma's titty at the other woodstock.
@USER straight fire needs to win tonight. She is the rightful women's champion. hi ac
@USER Then why are you on my page? Why do not you stick with your merry trump mates if you think you can get a rise out of me you are sadly mistaken about that and other things
@USERS It started with Cameron and May is even worse. She is not a Conservative!
@USERS You are just another liberal pawn used by the democrats in an attempt to derail Kavanaugh's confirmation. I do not believe a word of it. You and your liberal friends are an enemy of the state. Just leave America. We will be better off without people like you. prohibited Liberals
And joe biden calls Christian's and Conservatives dregs of society what about antifa crazy uncle joe http
@USER I am telling yeah she is leading Steve on. look howa she always likes all Steves tweets. What a hooch
@USERS Oh dearGod! you are a Veteran for gun control.
@USERS Those two definitely could I agree and even last year Tom threw for 500 and lost. One strip sack away from possibly driving down and doing what he does best which is win Super Bowls. It goes both ways though - Tom is also a helmet catch away from winning another ring as well
@USER Fake Queen!
@USER I'd like to see some retribution going forward. it is abuse to endanger your child and your pet.
@USERS You religious conservatives need to stop trying to shame women for expressing themselves. it is disgraceful
@USERS Leave that to your Antifa cronies amirite?
@USER I REALLY REALLY wish you had a Prime Time spot Harris folded hands you are my favorite and soooo pretty too smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USER Glad you are the same person. Keep up the good hard work.
@USER Mmmhm I heard you from down the street gave me a few extra seconds to get my shit together face with tears of joy 
@USERS well Brandon .The conservatives got elected on the red lines. So how about listening to the ERG rather than fudging the negotiations with the EU and signing up to vague promises thus playing kicking the Can business. New book How to lose 2 elections by T.May
@USER Why aren't you speaking out against the injustices that are still occurring to the Windrush generation or black Britons whose records Theresa May destroyed as Home Secretary and whom now she is deporting as prime minister? institutional racism
liberal activist calls for banning men via man control since gun control isn't having the desired effect http http
@USER I am the ANTIFA Super Soldier
@USERS Perhaps asking Miss Rao directly would be a start? Manners Isaac.
@USERSFollowed all those that I haven't. Please follow back.
@USERS Even those who voted leave did not vote for this 
@USERS Why do not you say he knew those emails were approved to be released. He knew he could release them. His grand standing got called out and his theatrics are unbecoming of a US Senator. Call him out or you are FAKE news just like calls you.
@USERS Antifa has new uniforms?
@USERS Or go to a baseball game with a terrorist? Who was that? Liberals seem to be the most perfect people but suck at everything.
@USER Eh he is decent I think I am playing barzal as my first line center over him though
@USER Why is it a Confederate flag 'makes' one a racist? An antifa flag makes one an America hating terrorist.
@USER The real reason they want gun control.
@USERS Superman This guy still giving you trouble? uppercuts Steppenwolf Me THERE HE IS! SUPERMAN! it is HIM! FINALLY! News Henry Cavill is no longer Superman Me .WHY. 
@USERS that is perfectly true. Torys and Labour are different but pretty much extreme it looks like normality does not exist anymore. None of them is even able to name the problem as it is how can they solve anything. Not that liberals would be that much better
@USER No Ingles.
@USER Go home and sleep Johny.
@USERS Surely he did not do anything to damage Veterens Affairs? If he sullied a reputation it was another department?
@USERS There is NO PROOF HE did not but you ASSume he is innocent in the very same way. If you support trump.BAAAAAAAA yourself.
@USERS She is so beautiful thank you! hibiscus 
@USERS that is the most polite awkward thing I ever saw.
@USER No worries ! Thank you for responding can I ask you a question I find it very interesting? Can you tell me why you are an atheist I am just curious.
@USERSSuper
@USER It was a nail biter
@USERS If Trump wins 2020 and growth continues will the crazy liberals still be thanking Obama 6 years from now. Of coarse the will because when the argument is lost all that is left is too dispute the facts.
@USER Correct me if I m wrong wasn t she playing a women? Who was also a minority who was Asian. The way she is talking she play a man.
@USERS I am not saying he is racist. I am saying he made a mistake. And she is only half Japanese. Her father is Haitian so she is half or half if we being true!
@USERS Check out my blog post on scooters!
@USER So is it time for each of us to tell about wild times we had in high school and college? Liberals are such jackasses. Let he who is perfect cast the first stone.will never be a liberal
@USERS So called Liberals . 
@USERS This is what happens when you allow employees to destroy your brand. Americans will never choose Football over our Flag. ALWAYS STAND
@USER Another INSANE O. appointees. AMOUNTING TO NUT N. JWB. the next ONE Could be real famous. former.first BLACK president. OR former first BLACK lady. JUST SAYN IT.and FREEDOM OF SPEECH. r my Am O!
@USERS Evolution. An evolution we helped to enact. br exit is economic and social suicide.
 @USER And today they do not even wear hoods. They're actually proud to show their faces. Unless of course it is their terrorist wing the ANTIFA or their crybaby wing the RESISTANCE . http 
@USER Democrats started the KKK and Antifa. Sheep no more. wwg1wga
@USERS I love Danielle because she is such a caring and genuine person! Her smile and positive energy brings out the best in everyone. You can always count on her to bring some sunshine into any rainy day heart exclamation smiling face selector 
@USER I definitely believe that she is credible compared to the man that lied under oath 4 times!
 @USER Here comes the he was no angel argument. face with rolling eyes face with rolling eyes face with rolling eyes She is guilty of breaking and entering and murder. Who cares about some flowers that may or may not have been planted there by police. 
@USERS Whistleblower must be the only non kid toucher behind the Vatican walls.
@USER to be honest it catchy as fuck tho
@USERS only ones I see attacking anyone is your crybaby liberals
@USERS Why are you wasting time replying on twitter trolling on behalf of people making under that amount? Seems like someone is just a propaganda pusher.or likes gloating to other mag as that they got screwed by Trump. http
10 Kevin Williamson's excellent @USER piece on why even if there is a bias against conservatives at social media giants it still shouldn't be the governments business http
@USER -sure-She's just a Spoiled Brat-and goes berserk when she's beaten-
@USER He is repulsive.
@USERS He is desperately trying to deflect. This is what Jordan &amp Nunes have been wanting. Trump does not care who he endangers. fuck tRump
@USER Ohhhhhh I cried BIG crocodile tears the first time my daddy called me a bitch face with tears of joy took it on the chin like a champ but ran to my room to cry just like a bitch skull 
@USERS Dear Lord. Do you have a CLUE what the Black Panthers stood for? The STILL stands for SENSIBLE Gun control Laws. We have LAWS already in place to prevent people who should NEVER own firearms from EVER obtaining them. NOW? Talk to your LEO about ENFORCING them. GUNS arent
@USER it does which sucks but honestly at least i can mute all the instances full of weirdos and just scope fed or local it is a treat
@USERS It is all okay with the liberals if it furthers their agenda. They have no core.
@USER Hopefully not.
@USER Thanks for spreading Joe Biden's words.he is a great American that I respect very much.
@USERS Thank you. If you think something is not strict enough regarding our current gun control laws then due tell. But I have a feeling you have no clue what our current gun laws are and you just hoped on to the ban trolly
@USER Yeah . as if when a lady stranger randomly walks into your home the first thing you think to do is obey her verbal commands. Sounds like she is trying to blame HIM for his own murder. Unbelievable.
@USERS I cannot watch CNN anymore because the conservative pundits they have on are just partisan hacks. I get CNN wants balance but the conservatives that defend the indefensible are too much. 
@USER They had sex he kicked to the curb. Melania in the white house she is still on the pole. Big memoir
@USERS New gun control laws are a waste of time &amp energy which is better spent holding these worthless politicians accountable for their REFUSAL TO ENFORCE CURRENT LAWS. Why create more laws they will never enforce?
15-year-old Allison was completely in awe of the beauty and talented of the incomparable Marin Mazzie. So grateful to have met such an incredible woman and be a witness to her radiance! She is so very missed. sunflower http
@USERS Those VG or HC stickers I see on trucks--exclusively trucks, never cars--seem like asshole indicators. I cannot say for sure because I've never actually spoken to someone who's like Yes, hockey should involve more punching people but. yeah it seems bad 
@USER you are a piece of shit for saying that FEMA was successful in helping Puerto Rico after hurricane Maria. 3000 people died. You think that is successful? You really have no soul. you are a fucking horrible human being. I do not even think you are human. FUCK YOU!
@USER that is why we had such a $h1t evonomy under him. 'Malaise' not MAGA
@USERS What a dilemma! maga news nike boycott colin kae per nick nfl football nfl trump resign cnn http
@USERS Hey Jimmy The View had Norm on. THE VIEW! you are sad.
@USERS Sure. Whatever you say random dude. Last time I checked having a negative opinion of a media company does not make you Antifa. But congratulations on dumbest fucking thing I've heard today thumbs up 
@USERS You are pathetic!
@USER Bad gun control seems like. Missed his brains. bummer!
@USERS What you are doing is so irresponsible &amp I believe that ur smart enough to understand how evil you are. If the FBI or JD had some plot to thwart DT, all they had to do was leak to the press that he was being investigated. They DID NO SUCH THING. you know you are wrong, that is evil! 
@USERS Thanks. I am going to test out herc again with limit broken white rose ce equipped on Raikou
Thank You @USER We Need to build the wall to Keep Them Out But Mandatory E-Verify Will Get them Out ! red nation rising trump maga send them home http
@USERS liberals are kinda the worst
@USERS Why do liberals preach gun control but go and get stupid with guns?
@USERS He is the only one who ever resurrected. he isn't dead.
@USER Thank you! loudly crying face red heart selector 
.@USER come pick your girlfriend. She is shifting permanently face with tears of joy face with tears of joy http
@USERS Conservatives are opposing liberals and Canada
@USER Just like the gun control poster child David Hogge. You do not hear from him anymore. One and done
@USER Beautiful booty!
@USERS This is the violent liberal ANTIFA party! NOW they try to convince us they they have a heart? And some woman is knocking our men. There's go around with KKK hoods beating up strangers &amp wrecking our towns. Most violent corrupt party ever.
@USER you are not a proper country girl if a bit of mud puts you off!
@USER Moore just got Don elected again. Liberals never learn. he is more unlikable than Trump
 @USER Her head is already shaking before he can finish his first sentence, taking a step forward and slamming her cane to prove a point. No, Steve! Childish, perhaps. But she is tired, tired and worried sick all times that someone she cares about decides it is a great idea + 
@USERS You are not fooling anyone with what you say. If it was the SNP doing this you would be screaming blue murder. Mind you until you do the job you are meant to do. You and your fellow workers will be looked on as being part of the Establishment. Bought and sold.
@USERS At least she's now getting laughed at. http
@USERS Democrats control the media Republicans bow to its pressure Democrats control the power
@USERS is this reputation's next single ? thinking face thinking face eyes 
@USER These cowards ain't ready. maga United States 
@USERS That is to say I was aware it wasn't written for me. that is ok though. You can tell that she really loves the housewife culture she is writing about. Imagine Shirley Jackson without the misanthropy.
@USERS I did not see the referred to TV segment, and I do not support the response, but It is very easy to see how you, as a race baiter, can bring out the emotions you are trying to elicit. It is unfortunate that UR willing to sacrifice Black people to make you such a big man . 
@USER Aight I thought gun control and unaffordable healthcare was the issue snm sleepy face 
@USER Niggas say anything
@USER I am sure many of us conservatives will remember your participation in the overriding of our constitutional right and will never vote for any of this so called Government the one that flaunts or laws and court system
@USER Let that sink in liberals http
@USER but if you go on a date first.and then have sex. it is the best of both worlds. and the sex is better.
@USERS &gt activist whack job colluding with liberals to pull a dirty &amp precisely timed political hit http
@USER it is only significant if he is packing his bags.
@USER She is just great. As long as she wins the title eventually
@USERS They are really upset about this election loss.
@USERS Barking mad you are http movie camera who let the dogs out-Bekhit Fahim - YouTube http
@USER She lives in the hearts of all gun nut conservatives.
@USERS You are exposing us face with tears of joy face with tears of joy http
@USER I see. it is a damn shame how delusional he is. he is gotta be the worst. Even more than those Boston Ben stans
@USERS If this clown had his way we all would be working for $3ph so he can get bigger entitlements paid for by us. How out of touch this fool is. I hope his electorate works out what a joke he is. a us pol
@USERS Desperate! will do whatever it takes to stay relevant even if it means jumping on the hate train! has been
@USER Watching liberals get all uppity at you though was the best part. They jump to defend the scum as ever.
@USERS I have never understood why there are not more officers visibly supporting tighter gun control. It makes their job so much more dangerous with all these random people w or their guns.
@USERS Grocery Store Joe is the best contestant to ever grace bachelor nation. He is adorably awkward and has a thick Chicago accent. http
@USERS Ward is were he is because he is really good at what he does. Not every successful Test player is good at presenting and commentating. Ward and now Key are a welcome addition to the Sky team
@USERS I followed the details of Jim Jordan's accuser also. The accuser even stated he knew the story might make me some money and he is a convicted scammer. I loathe any man who would assault a woman.I just do not believe the BK accuser. 
@USER if you think that the op ed affects the the people in SC then you are so out of touch. We all think it is more fake news.
@USER Deep corruption in the Puerto Rican Government is the cause for the ppls misery. Billions sent &amp you do not have the foresight to harden &amp secure the power system on an island that will most likely get hit again. This is the Puerto Rican's Government ms fault.
@USER Such a liar. Anything Trump says to Mueller will be deemed a lie because THREE dishonest LIBERALS collude to lie &amp Mueller will elect to believe them over the truth. Do you really believe Trump OR THE AMERICAN people are stupid enough to fall for that? We're not as stupid as you.
@USER shit! i left a little bit ago to get food but if you are still there i'll drop down with all the paper your heart desires!
@USER God help us. Please get out and vote!
@USER oh my god! You are the first person I've seen complain about this other than my husband.
 @USER Re-read my tweet Brian, gun control not ban your blatant exaggeration not withstanding . face with rolling eyes 
@USER she is uncultured
@USERS Hmm well she is right to hun. blake was supposed to be watching her. 
 @USER Also she's thick as shit despite her posh brainy voice on QT when the refugee crisis was at it is peak,she said they should come in because there may be surgeons &amp dentists amongst them.Fecking leftie lunatic.#ScruffBag 
@USER Just keep saying FAST and FURIOUS! Holder the man that planned gun control by handing out weapons to criminal cartels. Sounds like a great guy to run a justice department because he will work with ANYONE including criminals to fill his OWN AGENDA instead of that of the people!
 @USER I hmm thanks but you are more beautiful! she hugs her back and pats her head 
theresa may videos in an effing scarf causing vomiting to anyone with a brain . Is likely because all the white privilege people she's made homeless been replaced with muslims who will vote corbyn maga mb ga mcga mega conservatives patriots
@USER So funny how the liberals can see this in others but not in themselves!
@USERS There are people and groups who do want to ban certain guns or guns in general. Yes nra was pro gun control. However now gun laws are just being made after every incident with huge amount of bureaucracy.
@USER Funny shit
@USER morning
 Trumpism is going so well you along with all your liberal friends felt the need to try to trash it! people aren't stupid as you suppose. red wave rising maga &amp kag2018 http 
@USERSAnd yet antifa dresses like isis.
@USERS Typical antifa type and he is not worth anyone's time.
@USER She is a trained psychologist of course she can pass a lie detector test.
@USERS I am going to send an American wolf after those Antifa commies and Alt-Right fascists.
@USER do not be so hard on yourself.The great people in your life love you for who you are why give them that displeasure to please suckers who will never like you no matter if you are a chick with ten thousand disguses.
@USERS This Soros guy needs to be investigated. he is been kicked out of other nations &amp here his name keeps coming up with all these anti-American groups. Finances Antifa. Pays folks to act crazy at Trump events. I know he is against our sovereignty. He hates our Constitutional rights.
@USERS All this tape proves is that was always out to get a paycheck and to sabotage the one person who actually gave her a chance. Who tape records conversations in the White House? Only someone looking to sell it later. She's a snake
@USERSI am sure it is just all Democratic political pay for play
@USER Tryouts for Antifa?
@USER The people complaining about this are almost certainly the ones who think getting in people's faces antifa etc will result in the victim accepting it and thanking them for their advice.
@USERS You are but Rider always makes me aware when you are late for him so late is late no mater who you are meeting. face with tears of joy 
@USER Keep your eye on liberals in close quarters. They're very violent and mentally unstable.
@USER I always equate it to what happens when the left threaten new gun control. We are energetic for the time it takes to stop it. Then we scatter no longevity
@USER I am Jackie She is a great character to be to be honest
@USERS Companies used to remove execs who are emotionally disturbed. An ED exec cannot be trusted to be a leader of people. I guess no longer.
@USER YOU ARE TOO NICE ILY revolving hearts revolving hearts 
@USER That did not do it ! Tougher sentencing laws and more focused crime enforcement did ! We all know tougher gun control laws do not work.
@USERS They coming. http
@USERS Google has evolved into something that belongs out of Stalinist Russia. The Goolag needs to be decommissioned.
@USERS just censored the q a non merchandise. Really Zazzle? Meanwhile communism and Antifa merch are allowed on your site. The constitution of the USA means nothing to you? Well done. time to take our merch elsewhere. wwg1wga http
@USERS There r 65 million that can sign to the affect that they did not vote for an asshole.
@USER BETO A DANGEROUS MAN! I TOLD YOU A HIT AND RUN DRIVER WOULD STAND UP FOR YOU AND ME! ITS LIKE HE HIT US WITH ILLEGALS NOW WANTS TO RUN! HELL NO!
@USERSGo take Economics.We'll wait unamused face 
 Albert Conservatives are spreading the lie Anderson Cooper faked a hurricane. http
@USER The persona that you project masks your insecurities. You are hurt and disappointed. Politics is a dirty business. Move on and make a difference. Hillary lost because too many people sat out the last election. Get involved in displacing Devin Nunes and or Duncan Hunter in Calif.
@USERS We are ready whenever you are person shrugging medium skin tone 
usa I feel your pain, even while I profit causing it! liberals , you gotta luv them! Redistributing wealth not on their menu- serve up identity politics slop. So you destroyed libya -ya'll never catch Bill now - he is got million dead iraqi kids sanctions '90's under his belt http
Reminder that there is nothing fiscally conservative about MAGA. http
@USER I think it is more of a choice for people to stay hooked on shit
@USERS So you are the same people who vote for less gun control when we have what I dunno 23 school shootings just this year and 2 fatal shark bite incidents since 1936. You sure really care about humans.
AntiFa fascists and Socialists are one and the same.time to respond ! http
@USERS Before this scumbag considers running for president I want him to publicly swear under oath that when he was in school he never tried to cop a feel as these liberals like to show themselves as pure as the driven snow.
@USERS philosophically speaking, can a hippie, crazy cat lady who supports antiFa still be called a fascist ? literally asking for a friend who's a constitutional scholar . 
@USERS Wow New Petition Demands Keith Ellison's Accusers be Allowed to Testify Before Congress God bless Trump! 4ever maga kag deep state walk away redwave2018 . http via 
@USERS She has tooo many details to be lying but they still will say she is lying
@USER We appreciate your patience and compliance. Thank you for supporting our future.
@USERS The idea that his 20 year old DWI should somehow exclude him from the gun control debate is just. .I do not know. What IS it exactly?
@USERS . just picked up my post on gun confiscation. This is the history of gun control your high school and college history classes will NEVER tell you about. http
@USERS When we lead, sheeple follow http 
@USERS When we Satan call him home soros
@USER Nope I was fortunate to be online when he posted it. Sounded like bullshit to me at first too until a few other celebs chimed in. Daffy
@USER you are amazing
@USERS Indeed Americans need more gun control which means hitting your target. Can never have to much range time. smiling face smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USER Looks like you are taking the couch tonight.
@USERS No. But I am. You are hilarious. Not in a good way.
@USER She is doing a crap job of running this country and that idiot cannot supply the country with an alternative opposition as long as he is running the Labour Party
@USERS Mitch. that is not true.a big thing would be to remove all you GOP NRA shills from office and elect people who understand what America wants.the majority of Americans wants sensible gun control.
president trump Wins Law Suit - ca Court Overturns gun control Law. goa nra gun rights self defense a2 firearms molon la be guns kag second amendment because cot pj net gun free zones maga us constitution http via @USER
@USERS And Nero Goodell fiddles while the burns. Glad I took up golf. boycott the nfl boycott nike just do not
@USER Because the cost of seats is too high. Still on that kneeling thing are we?
@USER of course it won't.laws do not apply to conservatives
@USERS It was strapped to the back of Russells Jeep as part of the troll stroll video that had Tinys profile banned for thirty days because they drove around neighborhoods they believed antifa lived while making violent threats and screaming we're triggering folks today 
@USER And pedophile Podesta still on with his Blue Check Mark account. thinking face 
@USERS The Democrats of California spray chemicals of the central coast of California to magnify the sons intensity so the asphalt with Carrie he is slowly dehydrate the region to bring down property value so Democrats can charge conservatives on water
@USERS Nutty fruitcakes!
@USERS Mob death threats? Has Antifa turned on her? Maxine Waters?
@USER The truth hurts sometimes. it is not your fault. Just keep maga
@USER Depends on which way you point them
@USER What was an abuse of power was all the crap you and the Hussein gang pulled off. Your big contribution was the Fast and Furious caper to bring in gun control in strict contravention of the 2nd amendment. But do not worry. Justice is coming for you and Barry's band of outlaws.
@USER Sounds like hot lesbian sex to me.
 @USER ! Hysterical! Please add the fact that she looks like she is actually DEAD 
Baaaaa baaaaa. that is the American sheeple who prove Roger Goodell right The nfl CAN do whatever it wants and you'll take it because you'll NEVER give up the NFL. Baaaaa baaaaa. http @USER q a non maga wwg1wga free alex jones
 'She's NOT in charge of the Senate!' WATCH Megyn Kelly UNLOAD on Ford for demanding an FBI investigation http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER shit ain't gone work brother http
@USERS Ok can I have my two cents here! This is not the end of yalls friendship ! Maybe you should actually say Sorry first because you are the man grinning face grinning face grinning face I am not taking either side ! I depend on y'all and other people do too! I am just a peep here! Let's all be happy!
usa trump maga kag We know that china russia hollywood soros saudi arabia the catholics all fund and support liberal democrat politicians who's funding and supporting conservatives http
Really MAGA VOTE TRUMP 2020
@USER Fairness? What about being fair to the democratic process of this republic? All this is a sham to delay the vote. Shameful. drain the deep state drain the deep state swamp maga
Breaking news. Listen live at 1pm CT at http maga http
@USER He is a disgusting anti Canada traitor!
@USER I have irresponsible sex but I at least know my partners. Benefits or being snipped 
16 grade school children shot dead in Washington with 9mm Beretta. The NRA blames gun control laws.
@USERSbut there is also many videos of antifa attacking disabled and old people if you want to see them victors spoiler on disabled attack three on one antifa to disabled vet 
@USER About time!
@USERS Not one Democrat gives a shit about if this is true or not. it is all about not wanting conservatives in a life seat.
@USER and it is funny as obama starting talking about gun control shootings started happening. Correlation-definitely so.
@USER Republicans need to stop being such push overs. THIS IS WAR maga walk away i am alex jones kavanaugh ppc http
@USERS here your sign. liberalsbreaking maga patriots united america first http
@USER We did not lie! He is a fan tho! rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER so we load into illios insta lock torb immediate flame in all chat moira do not win a fight all game constant shit talking between a team mate and one of their team still have a torb I am fighting a doomfist help
@USER Acting like an ass is not a good view.
@USER She does not want to be near him. And if he watched the show. She never said anything about loving him she said I do not want to ruin my chance to get to the us. She is keeping it real.
@USER Girl so am I. he is actually grown now loudly crying face 
@USER Holder is responsible for selling guns to the Mexican cartel. Just another Obama administration law breaker.
@USER Williams showed that she is a bad sport. Male or Female no matter. Bad Sport and rude to the young woman who won.
@USERS Well . You know where I am. Come on over . At least youll be at hospital. Lil Antifa libtard will never show.
Remind me again why exactly there's a lingerie store next to a krav maga dojo
@USERS is there any reason why you believe you are relevant anymore? You weren't relevant when you were Secretary of State all you wanted to do is give away everything to our enemies. Go crawl back under the rock with Barry Soweto
@USERS Unbelievable!
@USER Did he complain about gun control afterward?
@USER he is not responsible for that. He is responsible for his decision not to medically evacuate.
@USERS Guy if you cannot explain yourself after a day that is a good indication you are talking shit
@USERS The reaction from some conservatives was swift and appealed directly to male fears and male interests. - if men, after 50 years., can come forward about priests' sexual assault ,why cannot women,especially if the person accused is going to be SC JUDGE &amp stay on forever 
@USERSI know many of antifa who will fight harder.and not waste Government socialist money http
nikes attempt to alienate more than half the country grabbed so much attention nobody noticed Levi's going full gun control and partnering with the clowns from Everytown. If a leftist company goes Woke and nobody notices does it make a sound?
@USERS The problem is Trump is playing the Dems against the Repubs and he is neither. Trump is an authoritarian. To Trump there is no leaning. His goal is to conjure up hate. He has been part of America's under belly his whole life and brought it to the WH.
@USER does not seem like Hollywood has too many independent thinkers.
@USER but i do not think all of us are depressed. i think on social media it is all perfect and shit but social nedia only portrays one part of a persons life. as far as help i think it is the same as it is always been
c1900 6vols Tales from Blackwood Third Series Short Stories Maga Magazine Cowper http http
@USERS Nasty a$$ Liberal sheep.you are prime example of sheeple with NO BRAIN.
@USERS Because he will have ate it
@USERS What kind of dumb shit am I going to read next
emmys did not watch. Won't ever watch silly entertainers trying to make unfunny jokes about conservatives. So scripted and unfunny!
@USERS Ending the horrible trade imbalance burden from Obama or BushII or Clinton or BushI results in an $800B or year boon to the USA economy! This is what you fail to mention. Trump-o-nomics equals to MAGA You should try to listen to Trump more closely so you can learn. 
@USERS HE IS BEST OF THE BEST! BARUN SOBTI
@USER She is a vile rat of a woman.
Captain Maga getting slandered? And it wasn't from me? Damn. http
@USER Nope he is called SHAZAM too
@USER I am drunk and listening to Wings. More fun than the Emmys for me? Keep writing. You are the new Ebert. No pressure 
the wallstreet journal Mass shootings have made gun control a key. wallstreet journal http http
@USERS I wouldn't trust Chuck Schumer ever. he is a liar and the president does not trust him either.
@USER Deplorable hillbilly who is the dreg of society and I am DAMN PROUD OF IT! deplorable dreg trumps army team trump wwg1wga maga kag
@USERS Still shoveling shit for Trump?.What kind of woman supports a liar, racist, pussy grabber?. that is what kind of woman you are. 
@USER Be ready! Be prepared! Because the trump administration isn't going to do shit if you get hit! Well. if it is a white county you are good. lookout Randolph county! Hide yo kids! Hide yo wives!
 @USER Damn. that is almost as old as I am! Then again, he is from Utah, and he does what career politicians do.appeal to his base ! 
@USERS Did you because the smile on that kids face afterwards?.was beautiful. maga red heart selector United States princess medium-light skin tone kiss mark 
pnp cbc cdn poli because poli ont poli al poli More to Join conservatives http
@USER I do not need a female packing a weapon for my protection. Not my kind of girl. If you need that much protection You are in the wrong place.
@USERS Hope you are right about that last part. But I've learned it is pointless to underestimate the stupidity of TX conservatives.
@USERS antifa blocking the road in Salzburg salzburg summit 18 http
@USER They're still building and hiding nukes but yeah your pops got played like the udiot he is.
 @USER And, he proved that all the gun Control LAWS does not stop anyone willing to break the LAW. He could have just as easily shot a colleague or student. Or, several. LAX enforcement of existing LAWS and Criminal Minds ignoring laws are the REAL problem. But, DemocRats know that. 
@USERS I also understand that it is not an insult but the way Nguni languages are spoken, it cannot be Msuthu but has to be Umsuthu which in English will loosely translate to s he is Mosotho and in Sesotho will be ke Mosotho , cannot be Muntu but Umuntu 
@USER He schools read a ammo box warning label.
 #Elections News Gun control group's political arm pouring millions into midterm elections news headline news http 
@USER Wow this is priceless! A college educated professor self-inflicts himself with a bullet wow he is brilliant ! http
So summer camp is relatable to detention centers? Liberals will paint any picture to get a non-existent point across. maga http
@USER And We Deplorables will use the 2A to keep our democratically elected President in Power. How about that
@USER Again she is the GOAT at HER SPORT but of all athletes ever? Absolutely not
@USER He is coming to PurpleUmpkin where he becomes one of the Murples. I will send him a ticket to travel. God speed!
@USER She does not want to play to other children or adult unless she lives with them. She help everyone in the house whatever task there is to do. She speaks clearly and turning 2 this September. Her excuse always when there's a guest in the house she is shy. No one influenced her.
@USER Google CFO Exec cries about election night in front of a crowd at a podium. She &amp her colleagues control our elections. When Social Media Giants support one political ideology exclusively over another it is time to treat their actions as political donations subject to FEC rules.
@USER You are a bad chaid face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS He is german face with tears of joy he play for pig club fcb ssshhhhht
@USER Awesome Agree Yeah man Preach Wait. what did i just read? Oh shit
@USER CHAD SHE IS A COMMIE SPAR US!
sesame streets bert and ernie came out of the closet today. Spox says they're a loving couple conservatives incensed. Rush out to buy Bert and Ernie dolls to burn along with their newly purchased nike fashions. gay lgbtq lgbtq twitter bluewave http http
@USERS So the first thing you do is put the black guy up and call out that we are using the race card. Shows how racist you are. Maybe put a Latino or woman up next.
@USER You coming to Georgia when I get back then? face with tears of joy 
@USERS I am sorry but damn she is hot as fuck
@USERS- understanding and accepting imperical evidence and facts is a social democrat attribute. Conservatives on the other hand believe religion and Trump. What a sad state of affairs. cult45
@USERS all out war with is hilariously insubstantial face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS Race has nothing to do with it. Either you are fake MAGA or ignorant either way you are now blocked.
@USER No reporting on the death threats faced by Kavanaugh or ANY conservatives huh?
@USERS .I happen to know of your wayward conversations with Patricia Hewitt and hooking back up with the very same Liberals you are who sold us out to this. Go on. Tell me how your continued complicity isn't part of this. You have stoked this too. Disgusting.
@USERS brother THIS? 
@USER Wow She's A Piece Of Work fire Obviously She's Been Involved In Rape Are Sexal Misconduct And It did not Go Her Way folded hands Awful Thing To Ruin Anybody's Life that is Innocent hundred points maga confirm kavanaugh justice now vote red to save america god bless america anna loves trump trumps army United States http
@USERS nvm he is dodging us we can Play you now
5.10am Still a crowd at Queens Park protesting the conservatives middle of the night power grab. Shame on the conservatives! What kind of party creates chaos during an election? Rather than working with their citizens to create a healthy economy? @USER on poli
@USER Pray for Judge Kavanaugh and his family. maga kavanaugh kavanaugh confirmation kavanaugh confirmation hearings
@USER You sound like the Nazis my family came to America to go back and fight in their home. You have a lot to learn. Antifa is an Enemy of America just like the Nazi's
@USER the only thing i know about gun control is how to have great aim.
@USER CNN is neither there to make money or tell the truth It solely exists to be a propaganda arm of the Democratic Party
@USERS Isn't it what liberals want? Now they are crying with the consequences- on a budget money comes out of some other program. liberals just print more money
@USERS I purposefully had my damsel be a bit of a badass. She is saved by the protag, saved by the third party member, and sticks her neck out to save their hind quarters just as often if not more! . Sure, she may have ulterior motives evil laugh but she's still pretty kickass! 
@USERS Have not spent one dime on NFL. NO TICKETS. NO MERCHANDISE. NO TV TIME. My Football Day is Saturday. College Gameday is incredible
@USERS ! Now will they BURN those? And will they remember to take them off first? One guy did not. And to burn them OUTSIDE so they do not take down the house as one guy did? Wait until they find out Levis is now pushing gun control. Nazis marching in their tidy whities? Oy.
@USER Notice that ALL of the homeless are white and American. that is not by accident. The state has gone out of its way to displace Americans with by harboring illegal aliens and making taxpayers pay for them. maga
@USERS I am trying to make a point. Many people who hate the liberal and ndp party are conservatives. And all conservatives care about is money. They do not have to ruin the environment and discriminate against others because of money 
@USER Ontario Liberal MP Leona Alleslev is using you to jump the queue. The faithful back benchers are probably FURIOUS and should join the LIBERALS in protest.
@USER To be very honest it is also wrong to disregard stats. Hazard is an attacker and isn't pegged with any sort of defensive duties. He is always with the ball as the main man or his' style so if his G+A stats aren't as good as people expect they have every right to question his rating
@USER 2 ways for President Trump to lose in 2020. Gun control and an immigration bill with no wall.
@USERS Brad, the God of Scripture does not have a sense of justice. He is just and a consuming fire. He remains today what he was then but as all theonomists forget 1 or 2 
@USERS Liberals as per Odia standards backhand index pointing up .RW is liberal when it comes to my state rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS And ANTIFA IS PISSED THEY WERENT INVITED !
@USER Thank you Don Jr! You are absolutely correct!
@USER Whoever you are you deserve this http
@USERS YAY - AWESOME United States heart suit selector smiling face with sunglasses backhand index pointing left thumbs up MAGA United States heart suit selector United States RepPowerVote heart suit selector United States strengthened by PowerPrayers United States thumbs up Red Tsunami heart suit selector 
 @USER Those are old photos and in no way represent antifa . it is a small group of delusional people who call themselves Antideutsch Anti-German who have tried to co-opt the anti-fascist movement and claim that anyone who is not anti-German and pro-Israel is antisemitic and racist. 
@USERS Maybe he is not a Mariota fan
@USERSGlad to jump in maga
@USERS And wouldn't john mccain be proud. Notably read a passage of Scripture at the memorial service but he was not asked to speak his own words Sen McCain likely saw him for what he is once trump took office a gutless suck-up who's looking for Sessions job! weasel
@USER do not care. Let them NFL die on the field kneeling
@USER The Dems playing a con game. It must be Antifa do not you think.
@USER ATTENTION ALL RED VOTERS! GET OUT AND VOTE.IF WE do not WE WILL LOSE EVERYTHING.
@USERS Oh i thought you were the dream team minus sonja. Really you are the mean disgusting team minus sonja. Oh by the way dorinda leave sonja alone. You are so jealous of sonja. She is kind sweet and so much prettier than you. Get over it you drunk
@USER Even though he has proved to be very efficient in almost every regard since taking office. Hillary should fade away.
@USERS Will the liberals stop wasting tax payer money with C71 which will be repealed as soon as next year if passed? Move on instead to ensure criminals are dealt with severly and illegals are banned from entry.
@USER NINE NINE! I love that show so much! oh my god http
@USERS Not surprising at all. The Trudeau Liberals have been using it to emotionally manipulate and divide Canadians since the beginning.
@USER Yes Comie communist pun intended WE do and will emerge stronger when you &amp all ur cronies are put to death at Gitmo. WE THE people WILL INDEED BE STRONGER. maga drain the swamp
@USER me trying to avoid the freshman boys who hang out in my block and hit on me everyday http
@USER Would our country be able to keep its law enforcement officers safer who are trying to keep our families safe if gun control laws were not subject to the limitations of the 2nd Amendment? al politics
@USER Duck ass shit not funny
@USERS He is building it.
@USERS He is truly adorable. Happy Birthday baby boy face blowing a kiss 
@USERS Hey Andrew which problems are specifically the result of Justin's actions. You do not seem to have any solid info to tweet and you do not read the articles you retweet. There aren't enough conservatives in this county to get you elected. So you'd better start speaking to everyone
@USERS .how you want to be defined ? PUL-EASE! When you live under a 24 or 7 or 365 MSMedia SHIT-SMEAR to the point you have Marxine Waters sending her ANTIFA minions out to threaten you in public places - you learn not to give a F CK what the Pavlovian Left thinks. Night, night crescent moon ! 
walk away maga Trump adviser eyes entitlement cuts to plug you.S. budget gaps http
@USERS . should not be allowed to host if he is going to let Republicans go on and say any ole thing without mediation or fact checks. He is a waste of breath. stick to counting votes 
@USERS Anonymous profile pic with 16 followers defending Trump. See that a lot on his threads. Whoever you are you have no idea if they're prepared or not. 2900+ people died in PR from their lack of preparedness and response after the damage. ICE does not need $10M more to cage children.
@USERS you should probably start reading your Bible hun.
@USER he is got a lot of nerve - fast &amp furious.
@USER My. Arms. Wasn't. That. Big! N. Neither. Was. My. Boobs! They. Are. Now! From. Them. Injecting. Fat! Into. My. Body!
@USERS Betty I think women have been handed a character assassination bomb to destroy MEN by the liberals and the FEMINISTS. I would hate to know these women represent ME. WHY WAIT ALL THESE YEARS TO REPORT.
@USER He is an israeli puppet.
@USERS She is a victim. Terrible.
@USERS Her word against his &amp one more! She is a left wing nut nobody would touch &amp is mad cause k aven aug hs Mom had to evict her parents!
@USERS She is laughing the most. http
@USER Y'all need to know that she is human being and knew Mac for so many years and was in a relationship with him. She's grieving. She does not have post something to prove that. AND IT IS NOT HER FAULT HE DIED LIKE DAMN! Stop blaming this poor girl. His addiction killed him.
 @USER Anyway she is a man and a mother it is about time she gave it to an actual female. Congratulations to Naomi! She has class &amp skills! 
@USERS Liberals have compassion ONLY for non Americans.
@USER Every one of them need to be put away for life
OBAMAS LYING SKANK MARIA HARF dnc w bore lying skank kavanaugh confirmation christine blase y ford red nation rising kag maga because cot @USER http
@USERS I wouldn't doubt anything the unhinged witch would do.She's a leftest nutty Professor with a mentally ill past.She has no business teaching anyone!I suspect she is a closet ANTIFA member pd by Soros. Psycho was going to do the same thing to Gorsuch. lock her up in a mental ward!
@USERS He is an awesome dog. Almost worth the trip
@USER Hiding like the caged animal he is.
@USER Buy one http
@USER is it possible Dallas Goedert is a healthy scratch next Sunday he is giving you nothing
.@USER Veterans earned their benefits. How can the Liberals justify failing to spend this money on those who need it most? cdn poli http
@USERS yes the CPC needs more Liberals. Good call Scheer.
@USERS You forgot ANTIFA
@USERS Jeff I have a lot of respect for you. Please vote no to Brett - not because you do not like him but because it is the right thing to do. He has lied - he is hiding documents - he thinks trump is above the law. THIS IS WRONG !
@USER please come back! You are missed on the field! Ad I love you too blue heart always a cowboy nfl sunday cowboys nation dez bryant 88
@USER there is no way she is 26 wow drugs maybe who knows
@USERS They are Conservatives to be put on the Supreme Court that do not have all of these blemishes on their record these questions of their character there are better candidates. They need to find one. This one is the POTUS pic because he thinks the POTUS should be above the law
@USER Battle of the hags!
 goes to song suffragettes Waitress there's a $15 minimum food and drinks charge Me to waitress who do you think you are? 
 @USER Josh, thanks for including COCK-A-DOODLE OOPS! in this list of amazingly illustrated picture books! I love Deborah Zemke's just before sunrise illustrations! 
 @USER As a liberal, I've long been insulted when leftists call themselves liberals. 
@USERS Your narrative is so false it is comedic. You and people like you are frauds.
@USER Build the wall ! Vote Republican! Not perfect by a long shot. But so much better than the alternative anti-Americans!
@USERS Are you still dating JJ from goodtimes ?Dyn-o-mite http
@USERS I blame for inciting violence and she should be held accountable! She is a despicable disgrace.
@USERS POS still at it http
@USERS Your school got piped by Georgia face with tears of joy 
@USER Gross
@USERS With Democrat's Sociability Quotient it is no wonder Democrats think about Gun Control all the time!
@USER How do you know he is? Because he said he is? 
@USER Conservatives are so sick of these tactics by liberals. First there was Bork then there was Thomas. Republicans just keep taking it too.Trump won't take it for long though. http
@USERS Wish you folks luck w that. I think you are fucked though. There will never be enough pro gun folks elected in California to turn the tide on gun control. The masses are convinced guns only equal bad. They already tell you which &amp how many guns you can buy. Now ammo. What's left?
@USERS You only have 6 1 or 2 years left buddy! grinning face #MAGA
 #TuesdayThoughts The White men . Anyone else tired of identity politics? And see how women are the victim by the liberals. Go vote @USER Aren't you tired of getting bashed? 
@USERS Get her in Washington on Monday. America first MAGA
 @USER And the gun control people say what? And the No gun zone people, where are you? shaking my head 
@USER Speed test on computer wired and see what speeds do you have
@USER Yes it is valid. I explained earlier she had not used her old one for over 2 years but on sep 3rd she requested a new one. This arrived within 3days. She has now got her pin via on line banking. But She is still going to the bank tomorrow to find out why the pin and telephone code
@USERS I have. He is desperate to see what I am saying and report me. Shame as he usually says nothing. Another antifa pussy no doubt
@USERS Ikkk he is a fucking prince 6al3 mn al stories bta3in Disney kida ahhooo cat face with tears of joy loudly crying face cat face with tears of joy loudly crying face cat face with tears of joy purple heart purple heart purple heart 
@USERS Odd. Stating opinions comes with an attack cunt and assumption of a streamer using boobs for attention. It was verbal diarrhea from a person who ought to know better.
@USER thank you sm and it was great meeting you too! seeing you and my other favs reminded me that its so worth pushing through the pain to be able to do things like that!
@USER Wow.not even his supporters can do the math and see that he is not right for this country. Well his supporters cannot do math either
@USER If he does not want to face the responsibility for his actions then he is in the wrong job. That is without taking into account him being a bit shit. a vfc bruce out
@USER You are so hot that every man in the Twitter universe and beyond makes this not so thinly veiled attempts at flirting with you. You have almost 1700 followers in 6 months. You are extremely popular. What's that like? http
@USER She is probably waiting on her private pay off
@USER and sometimes these edgy bitch boys are not secretly soft good trope! they are just straight up. abusive. this is a very thin line to walk and dramione does not walk it well
webber for congress nj11 maga we cannot allow liberals to impeach potus trump http
@USERS Way to go David thumbs up I love it when someone can send the liberals into a tessyfiy in the morning. Keep up the fight. United States United States United States 
@USERS For a President that is so unqualified , Donald J Trump most certainly is successful! You can dislike the man, but you cannot deny his achievements! 
@USER Perhaps FBI etc. Should look into Orrin Hatch closet and investigate what he is hiding Sex Offenders always stick together
@USER He can get on his knees with the rest of them and stay there. One day they will be playing to empty stadiums.
@USERS He is too decent a man for this day and age.
@USERS I am sure she is his good friend If He talks like an AntiSemite Walks like an AntiSemite and Acts like an AntiSemite then He is. surprise! not really surprised
@USER Now this. A thousand percent agree with this. She is a passionate woman.
@USERS that is like arguing that soldiers who fought Nazis in World War Two were violently forcing their ideas onto others when they shot Nazis. No, they weren't trying to change their minds with bullets, they were trying to stop them from forcing fascism on the world. Same with antifa. 
@USERS far right psychopath leader will now use the invisible press created cat killer as excuse to bring back foxhunting if she's not gone by christmas animal cruelty tories out no confidence crime syndicate ge2018 criminals out of number 10
@USER How come they only asked 2 questions on gun control? That guy is in for sure
@USER The mother never moved I think I would have at least moved a arm a leg I mean something she is a idiot. Why wasn't she watching for car geeezzz and the other idiot in the car he or she is blind
@USERS she is a zombie.
@USERS I think it is a safe bet that Donald is clueless on everything because he is ignorant &amp lies so much. Ivanka knows everything &amp will flip on all of them to save her treasonous ass.
@USER Looks like conservatives made a back room deal with her as they are best known for always playing dirty divisive politics
@USER My brother works at boost he said he hasn't heard anything
@USERS i choose antifa http
@USER Its amazing that these DemoRats are elected to any public office! Their total disregard of the US Constitution and due process is abhorrent. They hung this woman out to dry and the woman refuses to come foward and its the Conservatives fault
@USERS Wait you do not know who she is? Oh boy
@USER More empirical proof that liberals are the fascists who are trying to ruin America by destroying the sovereign rights of the people.
@USERS You Rotated him the wrong way and now it looks like he is gliding.
@USERS Cry a river Trump won
@USER He too is afraid his backstabbing deeds will be discovered and made public undermining the entire farce of the Obama administration
@USER When you put fortnite on the poll instead of Spider-Man http
@USERS Yes I do! A lot of us that support stricter gun control are absolutely opposed to having all guns banned. I myself am a responsible gun owner who is capable of also recognizing that we do not need civilian ownership these other guns. compromise clearly isn't your strong suit.
@USER Big if true 
@USER Much suckage if bad. And it do not look good.
@USER Medically treat the addict and the mentally ill gun shooter for the medical cause 1st then no need for a wall or further gun control
@USER you are so tight face with tears of joy 
@USERS Riots everywhere pouting face pouting face pouting face pouting face oncoming fist oncoming fist oncoming fist oncoming fist 
@USER College football is much more interesting than the NFL protesters.
@USERS police are priority for funding! Our country is overrun with crime. Degrees of lawlessness in united kingdom
@USERS What does it matter who I vote for. it is the left who pushes for gun control yet portrays black men in music vids as violent gun users .stfu! sleeping fools
@USERS They're NOT build the wall lock them up drain the deep state nfl walk away &amp maga
@USERS Actually bad examples. Japan never had weapons of any kind to begin with before their gun control. Uk and Australias gun crime and crime in general did not see a spike down. New Zealand has much less gun control than you think. Plus there's still guns on the black market
@USER The real ANTIFA! http
@USERS CNN is doing fine. it is just that MSNBC is doing great. Fox hasn't grown one iddy biddy tiny bit. Same crowd of Conservatives about 3out of 10 people .so sane people still are a majority
@USERS I'll accept your framing if you accept that it is perfectly legit for me to say Vox contributes meaningfully to Antifa violence and the internment of Uighur Muslims in China. Call it a deal
@USER CNN is trash and everyone that has a brain knows it!
AND Still I give it the old college try! walk away communism kills lucifer i arising @USER maga trump2020 http
@USERS Thanks, I was wondering what this term was supposed to mean. Right wing radicalisation . is that supposed to imply that conservatives engage in extremist tactics like Maxine Waters calls for? 
@USER Please watch the story of Welles Crowther. He is a hero. You are simply an asshole. Be ashamed
@USERS The only one suffering terrorist attacks is Mussolini even if that were true, the way that terrorist is generally defined as doing violence against power, outside of Government realm of course its true its irrelevant, Hitler by that analogy wasnt a criminal. Antifa was 
@USERS You are unwell
@USER She is such a witch. All she needs is a broom
@USER Liberals cannot math good. face with tears of joy 
@USER 2 Cor 5 17 Therefore if anyone is in Christ Consciousness he is a new creation. Old things have passed away and look! New things have come. 
@USER she is so sweet
@USERS Why would Feinstein even waste paper on this anonymous letter she is not well.
@USER I love the 'so far to the Left that they place themselves in opposition to the Left' people. it is a bit like the far right who hate conservatives and Israel.
@USERS Mossad.
@USER He is not the best receiver in the NFL when healthy.
@USERSFluffy was found cat red heart selector blue heart paw prints double exclamation mark selector 
@USERS Okay Blane. Now get back to your basement and keep making Antifa dresses.
@USERS These conservatives are selfish and self serving. This isn't the Trudeau plan . The Liberals are working with Conservatives like Mulroney and Ambrose to solve this. it is not a partisan issue.
me too movement has become a far left liberal political machine ran by feminist hacks that hate all men and conservatives. trump maga kavanaugh confirmation hearings
@USER that is just because I am unique. A lot of Americans cannot find Sweden on a map. And I am like jag lskar Sverige smiling face with heart-eyes blue heart yellow heart Sweden red heart selector 
@USERS He is a joke.
@USER And with right wingers its about white supremacy and neo naziism ? Right?
New York Times Admits Experts Were Wrong About Trump&amp #8217 s Iran Policy. America Is Winning. http Chaulk this one up a deep mark of success scrathed in the wall of successes. MAGA @USER
@USERS I am guessing Willie Nelson said IDGAF about pissing off trump lemmings to do Beto's campaign rally.
@USER Its like saying the brown shirts afe better than nazis because they pretended to be socialists.
@USER So speaks according to his own bio .a Christian. A white man who worships Jesu.s a brown man. being racist to brown hobbits. He is two things. a ringwraith and a blocked ringwraith. Thanks heavens out of 6 Billion people on the earth only 18 want to follow him
@USERS Then let the proud boys back on or get rid of Antifa. Lies until one of those two choices comes to fruition. Be the man your parents expected you to be.
@USERS Because the National Front of BNP always did well in rural Somerset or In cities like Chester. Just as most Antifa recruits come from places like Burnley or Halifax. Is there any reality you people do not invert?
@USER what the fuck have I missed here. My account was hacked and just got it back up and running. Somebody care to explain what's going on here. Am I right in saying that the guy who has been playing live saying he is Dash Berlin aka Jeff ? So what's happened ?
@USERS The Distance Home for right now but we will be sending you a Doll Factory proof very soon and you are going to love it Fiona!
@USERS that is just cause the director a fucking beast but let's not act like christian bale ever fuck niggas up or had wavy fighting scenes
@USERS Your statement sums up the Lib Dem party to be honest Brett. And the Conservatives. and the Labour Party. What a sorry state we are in!
@USERS would help them but he is in his own sunken place. to the rescue ? http
@USER but you ARE listening to Grandmaster Trump
Make sure you Vote REPUBLICAN up and down your ballots. Vote RED for conservative values. Vote Republican candidates only to help our POTUS Trump help Americans to MAGA http
@USER She is the evolve form.
@USERSI do not know some Antifa nut job
levi strauss Takes Stand On Gun Control levi strauss amp company san francisco america http http
@USERS What I do not understand is the fact that he is lied about almost everything to do with Russians and collusion and still he is president.
@USER Did he found out by himself?
@USERSYou rock brother. I am proud of my Antifa badge of honor I earned last year!
@USER Thank You red apple Have A Great Day folded hands maga hundred points United States United States United States United States United States http
@USER Agree. people forgetting how good he is.
@USER Character of a crook better off using Dillinger
@USER that is gun control.
@USER I am pretty sure she would be a better president at 13 than he is now
@USERSGun control and money control are the fantasy with today's technology. you are part of the old guard.
Montana restaurant denies don jr use of its facility for campaign rally. donald trump jr wednesday wisdom the resistance maga trump foxnews resist impeach trump http
@USER WE STAN TWO WHOLE ASS VISUALS
@USER you are a hypocritical hack. http
@USER For the best night sleep in the whole wide world.
LOOK AT THE SMILES smiling face with heart-eyes star-struck hugging face eyes writing hand maga q a non trump wwg1wga q army q alert maga for all inc backhand index pointing down team trump http
@USER She needs to make as much money as she can while the liberals are all duped.
@USERS Lordy hope you are wrong because if BK gets in everything's toast- women's worker's voting gay rights the environment gun control EVERYTHING Trump will get a get out of jail free card treason perjury faithfully executing COTUS will be ok! I went thru this once w or Nixon NEVER AGAIN! 
@USERS Disclaimer My views do not necessarily reflect the views of our POTUS &amp all Conservatives Ladies Charged by Nature to Guard Vagina. http
@USERS Liberals are so sensitive that they'll believe the okay sign is racist rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing http
@USER Another billionaire buffoon. smiling face with sunglasses 
.@USER and I will be at the top of the ballot in the TX-36. Honored to be there with him. http rock the 36 vote dayna http http
@USER I love you so freaking much ! You are an amazing and loving soul. do not listen to the ignorance of bitter people who loves to tear people down. We love you and take the time you need to grieve red heart selector http
@USERS bitch i know you see the rainbow inna bio face with tears of joy 
@USER You are correct for now but 2 games does not make a season. I thought he would do well but not this well . I thought the D would suck which they do and it would make them lose. I still feel that way.
@USER Should I share the quotes from notable you.S conservatives?
@USER Trump Supporter! maga
@USER And people still buy their shit. Why?
@USERS . those are conservative values? Last time I checked those were more descriptive of liberals than conservatives
@USER If he'd just said give me a lawyer asshole they'd have given him Dershowitz.
@USERS Such as? Cable? He got snapped up pretty quick after he was fired. Not saying he is a good coach but people in the league obviously think so
@USERS I do not think he was calling Antifa racist, just that the verge doesent call them out as they do the supposedly White Supremacist 
@USERSGotcha friend face blowing a kiss 
Business is business. I love this story. http
@USER And how much is he being paid for this behavior?
@USERS ! really? Stiglitz is Nobel prize light bulb . You are a simple stockbroker pile of poo face with tears of joy .
@USERS Things had Become Easy For Liberals During The Obama Administration Liberals are Screaming DAMN TRUTH I mean TRUMP !
@USERS Actually, Mr. Swalwell, do not say we do not use violence. Conservatives do not. Leftists DO. Just ask anyone assaulted by antifa or, for that matter, turn around and go find http 
@USERS What an interview Evanne! So honest and right from the heart. Really moving to hear your personal thoughts on crucial aspects of your life. Fair play to you. You are an amazing person.
@USER Liberals are claustrophobic? grimacing face 
@USER Threats from who? Are liberals threatening her if she does not follow the playbook? thinking face 
@USER Eric who? Never heard of him. Must work for CNN
@USERS Like liberals push more gun control laws to suppress our right to own arms?
 @USER shortcummings this person is definitely a MAGA person. 
@USER Yess http
@USERS With good reason!
@USERS Meanwhile the me too movement happened because of the way liberals treated women
@USERS it is difficult to talk to liberals like you with a serious mental disorder read the book by Michael Savage Liberalism is a Mental Disorder check it out on Amazon
 #GoodRead A Brief History of Repressive Regimes and Their Gun Laws. With the wrong political actors in power, yesterday's 'common-sense' gun control could be tomorrow's vehicle for gun confiscation. If we lose 2a we surrender our freedom period. http @USER 
@USER Holder is a complete corrupt scum bag. I remember when he announced his is part of the resistance. Which means he want to resist the people who voted for Trump. Can you imagine the people he would have hunted down and prosecuted if this happened to bone head obama
@USERSAnarchists are left wing extremists. They stand with antifa.
@USERS You are hilarious! You keep defending that woman. I have watched her for over 20 years and she is a liar and a hypocrite and an obstructionist. I like my crumbs . She needs people like you to support her though. 
 Triggers the Conservatives http
@USER Ur fucken fake. I am a fucken prize.
@USER And I'll never watch another movie with him in it
@USER A better decision by the students would be to go to a community college at a fraction of the cost and actually learn something worthwhile. over priced courses like this are an absolute waste of money.how many articles have been written lately on amount of student debt?
@USER we bout to start stepping out I ain't doing another winter with no boo brother. Shit cold . literally
 @USER Looking at her lawyer I bet she is really into IT already! 
@USER Whats your story on gun control?
@USER Why do not we pray for better gun control laws first?
@USER that is a good thing .let just hope your gal frend has a lawyer because she is about to do some make over for yoll . http
@USER If Kerry clown is actually doing it and admits he is and it is a crime. Throw his ass in jail. He should be arrested.RIGHT ?
@USER Democrats are sick! Back off &amp let our president Trump continue to help all Americans!
@USERS Politico reached out to the 65 women. Only 2 stood by him. that is 65-63 2. Gotta break it down for maga
@USER Cannibals liberal style.
@USER As a recent visitor to Ireland. I suggest he does not go. He is not liked there any more than he is liked in America.
@USER What do you expect from vile violent lying disgusting liberals
@USERS What a crap she is?.total publicity seeker. Since when tearing apart The Bhagwad Gita is symbol of changing India and why Bhagwad Gita .if you have guts show here tearing apart Kuran and Bible too intellectual idiot
@USERS you are indeed an ewu so I won't trade words with you. Anumanu.
@USERS I guarantee the threats she is receiving are Soros Generated . Republicans do not pull Antifa-like tantrums like Dems do.that is if she is really receiving any at all.
@USER Yes you are
@USER You niggas spend on us and we get used to it. I hate to admit it but half the things my boyfriend does for me I cannot do for myself face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER If you are asking if I got past college that would be a yes 
@USERS But the orange preferred to send the hospital boat away and now she is standing empty. It could have saved many people. Fuck
@USER I am a free speech absolutist and I do not care what offends you. You do not have to talk to me. Why do you imagine the world is supposed to be unoffensive? Do you carry this forward with other liberals and chastise them for saying things that offend Christians?
@USERS Worst takes ever.a blatantly racist cartoon and your attempt at a defense.
@USERS You are right I am black so thanks
@USERS We seem to have less shootings that you guys. Apparently you need more gun control laws.
@USERS Hollywood emmy awards equals to Anti-First Amendment ANTIFA . They'll obviously shut you down if you are not part of their cult.
@USERS Politicians talk about racism, Islamophobia, Homophobia, Rape, Drug abuse etc etc. Do you not understand how fucking sick it is to ask Jess if she's discussed with her children that complete strangers hate Mummy. I hope for your own sake that you are unwell. 
9 or 11 and the War on Terror Israel's History of False Flag Operations against the you.S.A. false flags and propaganda are the Zionists weapon of choice. Highly effective @ getting public to back their agenda's. palestine nwo chosen people http
@USER James hums in approval and pulls back. Allowing her to help him out of his shirt. Letting it fall to the floor as his hand is brushing along her skin. You are beautiful baby. such an angel. 
@USERS it is funny. That comment is hundred points Illogical. WalkAway is so easy. maga is Great! mega is already happenin Make Earth Great Again http
After all the shit Dez was talking about Jerry and The cowboys he is a fucking clown ass dude if he go back
 .@USER are encouraged by swift gpi When you solve the issue of transparency in cross-border payments you are on the way to solve other challenges being faced by the industry. http bf new york http 
@USER can you tell Cal I said how are you? I just wanna know how he is doing. smiling face with smiling eyes purple heart 
@USERS Look at that face? Would someone please tell me why it seems soooo many liberals look sooo pissed off all the time Are they constipated? Mix in some fiber!
@USERS She is your sister?
@USERS What do you expect from a man that claims He is the Christ Vicariously he is a liar and the leader of liar's serving his father the author of all lies.
@USER Glad we have our priorities in order re gun control.
@USER Conservatives celebrate as their third choice for opposition leader uses the word failure for the one millionth time.
@USER Thanks for the kind words! We're so glad to hear that you are loving the mattress! grinning face 
@USERS not the point although it is a convenient excuse for conservatives to assume if ones against trump then tbey ate for for clinton which is just asinine. rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS Sure do miss you sir. I ran HRC Lakeland office and tried to get you your old house back. We were ALL devastated that night. We worked harder than any realtor you ever had for nothing but love. Now fighting gun control w our Parkland kids. Hope lives!
@USERS Resign! you are an idiot! man facepalming selector http
@USER man can we hang out you are hilarious
@USER Already pacing you side by side Sir! I think she woke up after the election thinking she could now retire only to be the second biggest loser. She is holding off for hope in the mid-terms and will quit once that one vaporizes like a fart in a hurricane.
@USERS She is correct about one thing.the truth DOES always win!
@USERS Weak argument considering -GOP congressmen were shot at a baseball practice - people wearing MAGA hats are routinely attacked -Antifa mobs commit violent acts wearing masks -etc.
@USERS Did you hurt yourself jumping to that conclusion? If you want biblical scholarship worth having read Bart D. Ehrman. If you want ignorant schlock.well you are already here.
@USERS The pot calling the kettle black. Most disisive &amp dirty political party right now is the one you are running for You use the words more perfect union yet your party shows its bigotry &amp hatred towards conservatives, republicans, &amp all who have a different opinion maga 
3 yrs connected on Facebook- Kathy you are soooo lucky rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing NOT REALLY I am blessed to have you as a friend http
@USERSThought I'd share a boob picture too! http
@USER You know we will bitch stop talking like that we gotta paper to get nigga smiling face with sunglasses love-you gesture medium skin tone 
@USERS You are a child. do not even talk to me. .
@USER lie detector test? no such thing. if you mean polygraph it does not detect lies or truths yes Kavanaugh should ask for an fbi investigation into Dr fords history
@USERSlike liberals?
linda sars our is fake feminist she's pushing sharia law and anti semetic and liberals are buying it she was born in Brooklyn to palestinian parent's whom are anti semetic and anti american proves that leopard cannot change it is spots. pc liberal wake up http
@USER All one and five dollar bills
@USER Your bizarre spin attempts fail because no one trusts one sided zealots anymore. The spell is broken. WE THE people do not need people like you and your sick idea. Cater to the loony left like your modern brown shirts antifa. Leave normal people alone
@USER Holder should be removed with a set of tongs and some disinfectant.
@USERS Touch .but wait till he flashes the white supremacist OK hand medium-light skin tone sign letting his sound crew know he can hear himself in his ear piece. Heads will roll. woman facepalming medium skin tone man facepalming medium skin tone 
@USERS Felons are.unless those freaks have changed that. Sick of them registering convicts to vote. The exact people who do not want us to have guns &amp will vote gun control every time!
 @USER Apparently, you do not. Stare Decisis and case law play a significant role in court rulings &amp decisions. This is the reason staunch 'conservatives' got upset about his stance - and were hoping for an Amy Barret nomination. 
@USERS Except it is not a Government entitlement program . For somebody who claims to troll liberals with facts and logic , you sure are using a lot of hyperbole and an appeal to emotion there. 
@USER Exactly. We can take the theatre. thumbs up 
@USER Disgusting. This is just more proof that property and home ownership is a MYTH.if you do not pay the taxes RENT you are thrown off YOUR LAND.you need PERMISSION to build on YOUR LAND.
@USERS Yep.that s what we liberals call consensual sex. You should try that some time. http
Ain't got no chill for you brother. Stay the fuck away from me. face with steam from nose 
@USERS Looks like he is urinating in the water
@USERS Not progressive at all Article II, section 1 of the Constitution 1790 says he is a citizen and 44 years as a resident of Texas says he can say y'all 
@USERS maga Boy go donate to Trump. he is looking for more GOP suckers like you to cover up his porn stars.shhh do not let his wife know either
@USERS it is probably better to have an cross mark cross mark next to my name than a pink pussy hat on my head thinking face thinking face thinking face thinking face maga make america great again
@USER Liberal Dictionary -Illegal Immigrants Dreamers -Trump Supporters Deplorable -MS-13 Killers Human Beings -Human Beings in the Womb Not Human Beings -Antifa Protestors -Law Abiding NRA Members Terrorists -Bill Clinton Feminist -Brett Kavanaugh Predator
@USER Not smearing Canadian Conservatives. Reread my first tweet and tell me again that I am wrong.
@USER Here she is! Gotten real big face screaming in fear http
@USERS Trump call them very find people so lets talk about groups like Antifa and black life matter people that has form to fight hate groups y'all would like to apply some type of moral equivalency to hate groups and them just like ICE was form to stop illegal immigrants we luv them
 @USER Scary movies are terrible, I get jumpy and end up crying when something pops up. She did not mind going out, if that is what he wants to do she is completely okay with it. Maybe a night out would be good for them. I am a pro ice cream eater. I used to eat it daily. 
@USER What happened to Flash? I hope he is healthy
br exit remain I know your busy with this BUT fifties born women shoulder to shoulder one voice we paid in you pay out was pi no individual letters in 1995 of major changes to state pension age due to 1995 legislation 2007 &amp 2011 + time on top labour libdem conservatives rectify http
@USER Maybe because you've provided a play form for hate groups with no criticism or criticism-lite while bashing antifa with zero analysis
@USER Because they have a corrupt liberal Government that steals from the people. Liberals at work.
@USER Internet sucks sometime
New emergency hotline?What's down the road? 2 days ago potus signs second State of Emergency executive order? Social media censorship down the road? maga emergency q a non monday motivation constitution day http
@USER yeah but xenoblade sucks
@USERS rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing because they do not exist!
$10 B or W commissions are still available! Please DM if you are interested! artist for hire commission robots anthro furry monster girls cyclops pokemon magik arp catgirls possum artists on twitter http
@USERSOkay hugging face 
@USERS Back then Antifa was called the kkk. They were a known muscle of the Democratic Party http
@USERS do not like anything you r saying RE maga you r part of the problem &amp not part of the solution!
@USER You are strong girl. do not listen to the trash talk. They do not know anything. You just go and tell the truth. that is all that matters. folded hands water wave folded hands water wave 
@USERS Did you attend Governor Abbott's meetings on solving gun problems in school? I guess not! I did! There were excellent discussions on using guns to protect &amp defend! What's your point? You stand for gun control &amp 90% of Real Texans will not have their guns taken away!
@USERS She is almost 80.
@USERS You lied you do not know about the Mulford Act. http
@USER Am I an ass or is it kinda weird Char wore a shirt to wrestle the lesbian? I am joking.but not really
@USERS Yes If only Antifa would leave the poor Nazis alone is a statement for the ages. grimacing face 
@USER I doubt that!
@USER because liberals are sick of cnn!
Low T and the Poontang Clan aka Fucking Donald Trump trump maga art comic art http
@USER Hollywood drone!
@USER Abi? You are right
 screams @ own ass I am not gay you are http
@USER Do you have any film of antifa?
@USERS you are on Twitter so you have the internet? Here's a condensed basic history. http
@USER Us conservatives hope he does.
@USER .YES I WAS CORRECT IN SAYING BYE-BYE FOREVER!
@USER BOYCOTT THE ANTI AMERICAN NFL. Football ain't all that anyway.
1. I got a dig bick 2. You that read wrong 3. You read that wrong too 4. You checked 5. You smiled 7. You are wondering why you are still this reading this 8. You saw that mistake. right? On 7 9. But did you see that I skipped 6? 10. You checked. 30 seconds you won't get back
@USER ! Makes me think of my cat back at home &lt or 3 mighty hunter that she is!
@USERS I loathe 
@USERSWhy would that matter to a bug? Seems that you are having some kind of mental attack or something. Maybe you should ask for help.
@USER Over 30 years worth of background checks under different Presidents and this one slipped through? kavanaugh confirmation kavanaugh withdraw kavanaugh scotus maga
@USERSExactly but they'll never put him on tv television 
@USER She said she is half Eastern Orthodox. so I dunno. an opportunity to educate myself
Did Someone just say maga 2k19
@USER Can you help him with ur Vietnam expirrence pool 8 ball 
1 Week watch Nike Stock Plummet. the Liberals cannot keep Nike afloat. boycott nike Macy's still hasn't rebounded ! http
@USER knew it was a lie can see you laughing to yourself as you was writing it. you are way too engrossed in Thames yourself that you will be playing it right up until fm19 beta comes out ' 
@USERS please provide links to huge budget deficits ?.while you are looking.tell us why Harpers deficits were good but you take issue with PMJT lower deficits.take your time.no hurry. 
@USERSHope she is ok.
@USERS There were fine people on both sides there were Charlottesville historians looking to preserve the statues w or o affiliation with the white supremacists. There were also honest protesters not associated with antifa who wanted to see the statues removed man facepalming light skin tone good grief
@USER Shid I am right with ya
@USER He is speaking against himself.
@USER Hope they're brushed up on their very large negative numbers!
@USER Great sis http
@USERS i read ur bio and now i feel like you owe me at least $20 for putting me through that.
After the twitter purge was over and black nba twitter changed their accounts back from MAGA white folk http
@USER He should bash Trump and that will change. liberals hate Trump more than pedophiles.
@USERS do not they have strong gun control in Chicago? So nobody should be getting shot. Oh that is right only law abiding citizens are being shot because criminals do not understand they cannot have guns.Gun control is not about controlling guns it is about controlling citizens!
@USERS You are not going to get it. Grow up.
@USERS There's no hope for you and Jerry. Unbelievable how close-minded you are. http
@USER Hopefully he is gone soon. We have glorious beings for you to meet. http
@USER He does not know if he should slam Manifort or suck up to him. He does not know if he should worry about Junior and Kushner or not. He is mad as hell but knows that he cannot just fire Mueller so he is busy puking in the bathroom now that he understands that asset seizure is a thing
@USER God help us all
@USERS it is quite apparent she abhorres the constitution. Stupid woman. She thinks she is so much better than anyone else.
@USERS do you like or love Louis Farrakhan because he is a racist or an anti Semite? Which one?
@USERS I get it the socialist isn't at fault for dressing above her constituents? But she wanted to look as wealthy as she is? She grew up rich.
i just do not see myself ever supporting strict gun control. 2a liberals 4guns guns second amendment
@USER Eric should be in prison!
 @USER Feel free to use it. Because unlike your ilk, we do not scream literal violence or use dramatic phrases like you are denying my right to exist wahh . Women like us can take your silliness without crying. Knock yourself out 
@USERS The list in the Conservatives would be never-ending.
@USER My husband. He is also my first reader always.
@USER He needs to be placed naked in the stocks in Stockholm while the Swedish people Sik heil his backside.
@USER Amy Barrett. come on down. you R the next contestant on the. and the liberals start looking 4 boyfriends she tried 2 rape!
@USER You do not get it it all. Women do not like to come forward because of men like you. When they finally do come forward men LIKE YOU either slut shame them or call them liars. Men LIKE YOU are shy a lot of victims remain silent.
@USER LIBERALS hear the sucking sound of the SWAMP
@USER She is really good for him and told him how he needed to straighten up. I like her and I like them together. Sometimes you just need someone who calls you out on your sh t so you can become a better person sparkling heart 
@USER I think you are naive in the extreme. The ATA works with the NDP.
@USERSI'll be running for the selection. Need to wait a few more weeks for that! slightly smiling face 
@USERS SHIT I am SAD! persevering face 
@USER Destroy America is more the 24 or 7 chant from ALL democrats including Hillary.
@USER CAN I PLZ GET A FOLLOW CAUSE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND I WAS THE FIRST PERSON TO LIKE UR VID? yellow heart http
. ammunition is in many states easier to buy than cold medicine.' California Tries New Tack on Gun Violence Bullet Control http
@USERSShe is darling heart suit selector 
@USERS You are as nasty as he is
 @USER Why are you liberals, who are so quick to scream I am a victim , so clueless as to how our legal system works &amp which law depts investigate which crimes? Assault crimes are not what the FBI investigates, period. Your ignorance on this matter is glaring &amp you should be embarassed. 
@USER And I have concerns with Democrats 
 Why the world shouldn't expect America to go back to 'normal' after Trump http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS So gun control works?
@USERS HIRE AMERICAN YOU PIECES OF TRASH! PLEASE! AND STOP BANNING CONSERVATIVES ON YOUR PLATFORMS PLEASE!
@USER And I'll never pay to see another one of your movies.
@USERS How many gun control measures did Republicans shoot down in the House or Senate during Obama's terms? Hint it is in the triple digits. Bordering states with weak gun laws WI &amp IN make it easy for gangs to get guns into Illinois.
 @USER The Hollywood elites make fun of Republicans, Conservatives, Christians, Jesus, &amp Ex-crackheads. that is very funny, considering they consist of Democrats, Liberals, Atheists, Satanists, and CURRENT Crackheads. And do not forget, the adulterers, pedophiles, and abusers of woman. 
@USER So you are advocating for a 35-person debate or what?
@USERSToo bad the clown face are funding it or it would tank by economic law.
@USERS What she is accusing him of is a sex crime felony with no statute of limitations in Maryland. That means it is under the jurisdiction of the local authorities. FBI only gets involved if there is an issue with crossing state lines. They do not have legal authority to investigate.
@USER Why should she go? She is a whole person on her own. She can do her job regardless.
@USER do not get me started on the head of special needs she is on another planet
@USERS I miss Pope Benedict XVI so much.
@USERS You missed seeing Pruitt chewing butt all the way to the end. he is all business. I love it
@USERS So if Paul Golding turned up for a job at the BBC you'd let him work for them?
@USERS you liberals ALWAYS pull the race card. I see TRUTH NO MATTER WHAT SKIN COLOR! THEY SOLD US ALL OUT! you WOULD KNOWTHAT IF you RESEARCHED TRUTH
@USERS clapping hands light skin tone clapping hands light skin tone clapping hands light skin tone way to go Liberals. taking away from Americans . shaking my head
@USER I am done. loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face Franklin bout to die in jail. He is not fit for this.
@USER My friend is involved in the gun control movement-had the same discussion with her. She really believes semi automatic guns aka Assault Rifles spray bullets with one trigger pull. Total ignorance
@USER This is why you are my favourite person
@USER .is he the insider working against Trump?. really looks that way - release the hounds!
@USER he is a flake .
@USER Antifa brought to you by Carl's jr
@USERS Denial is a common defense by liberals. He worked for fusion and with fusion. And Michelle is a tranny I know you do not like that but it is true. You can always deny like Obama but the truth explodes out. I pity you for believing the Dems like this how sad. Go find a safe place.
@USER I do not forgive you either.
@USERS I wonder which one is the Democrat and which is the Republican. The dude is now totally for gun control. face with tears of joy 
@USER I AM FUCKING SO FUCKING HAPPY
@USERS Good
@USER Blocked
@USERS so true for lucky she is appearing in lot of projects
@USER did you see the response i typed face blowing a kiss you are too much fun sometimes
@USER HOLY SHIT NO WAY
@USER He is still eating and talking about p sy on carter V. Trust me
@USERS Did you just say he? HE has a female name. He is actually a she. Actually get your facts right before making a stupid statement. Everyone knows the game gets stale after a few months and the new DLC makes it interesting again.
@USER Dude. What the fuck is WRONG WITH YOU? I sent you a direct tweet to show you how you re-tweet your OWN shit. Then I let it go. Now you want to double down? Just go back to Whoviille
@USER thank you Mr President for helping to maga
@USERS He is! Lock him up! Lock him up! 
@USER Really? Can you show me the studies from countries that have common sense gun control to support your statement. Thx.
@USERS Google got big by being the best search engine. This is one reason why it is no longer a trustworthy search engine. 
@USERS that is where your wrong. Only ruins conservatives. If it was a dem he would be considered for head of dnc
@USERS I head a little boy?
@USERS . is trying to negotiate a deal that satisfies the She cannot achieve it. . would negotiate a deal for the country. it is time for this coalition of chaos to fall. . is ready to serve in the interests of the many not the few!
 sings slowly I just want to see how beautiful you are. beating heart 
@USERS Course it has son winking face winking face thumbs up 
@USERS liberal fool just MAGA
@USER I love you!
@USERS For the love of all things sacred he cannot be voted in. He is well down towrds the bottom of that scummy swamp. The Scales of Justice need to let him drown in his own shit. Make 2018 the year of holding each other accountable for our responsibilities. peace symbol selector red heart selector Canada old woman light skin tone 
@USER What the actual fuck. I hate that I've seen that with my eyes
@USER White House said all parties should be heard! This is why no one trust the media and why liberals are failing
@USER 2020? Michael Moore is a cheeseburger away from not making it to 2019!
@USERS Lolololololololo are you kidding me. The ANTIFA shows up at all protest to stop freedom of speech. Open your eyes. Where did the ANTIFA come from democrats the snake party
@USER But she never questioned Congress' sluch fund to payoff sexual harassment settlements.
@USERS Good grief! that is a relief! Now get rid of Antifa.
@USERS He is protecting America. Shame on trump and gop.
@USER No way. Way too much talent on the Goonies. I'd like to see yall vs them tho real shit my gz.
@USER He wants his 5 min of fame.
@USER .but liberals want gun control and gun free zones.
@USERS it is a brilliant idea! Since all the liberals want open boarders we have to pay for them someway what would you suggest ? Build the dam wall and start taking care of the American people! Trump 2020 United States drain the swamp
@USER could b ebola too same symptoms
@USER Get him some line help. He is going to be just fine. As the game went on you could see him progressing more with his reads. He brought what has been missing. The deep ball presence. Now he just needs a little more time
@USER It sure it here. Those other photos of her were from decades ago. She is a complete Liberal Antifa. She can not be trusted. I do not believe her. Not a whit.
@USER Hang in there. She is alive.
@USER A Democrat tried to stab a Republican congressman-a Democrat shot congressman Scalise and tried to kill everybody around him-Democrats are beating up Republicans and denying them the right to speak-we know who the Democrats are and they are not Americans
@USER Better have a good lawyer you have been exposed the great awakening drain the swamp you are going to jail maga q a non http
@USERS Not crazy but given she is my wife I feel unqualified to give an unbiased answer 
 @USER The only line I can think of is if he supported gun control, and even then it'd probably have to be a big gun control thing and not just a maybe do more background checks proposal. But he'd never do that. 
@USER oh my god that is fucking crazy.
@USER why cannot we go 1 day without things being awful.
@USER I've always seen myself as a classical Liberaltarian. . . . . I'll only eat the freshest Classical liberals.
@USER As if Conservatives did not hate Sesame St enough
@USERS So glad you are an American! Americans do not hate.liberals are the true party of hate!
@USER He should tell that to Big Bubba when he enters his prison cell
@USER These niggas getting put on list and straight ass skull only niggas I seen good was yoshi patchmade jay and a few more rest are ass hundred points 
@USERS Agree 100% Jay No wonder FBI back burnered it English appears to be second language high school @ below average use. Also brought attention to being a citizen? thinking face Contradicted information throughout high school &amp THE attack it cannot be both. Ford University Soros ANTIFA Bull 
@USERS Oh boy just wait! YOU ARE IN FOR A SURPRISE! cannot believe ANYONE to be that IGNORANT! !
@USER Nah I ain't done it yet. Usually you have to walk extra far just to get to one so it defeats the purpose
@USERS Perfectly stated! Love our President! red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector 
@USERS Whoever put this together thank you ! I loved watching and the little circle on 18 made it so much better. You are really awesome Jude Thaddeus Wolfe! So fun to watch. Proud of you Boochi!
@USER God bless my uncle has cancer too but she is in a better place now
@USER causality Is it 1. Chicago lawmakers instituted strict gun control BECAUSE of high pre-existing crime rate? 2. Crime rate is high BECAUSE strict gun control prevents law abiding citizens to be armed - so only scofflaws have guns? 3. No causality at all. Statistics are cohort
@USER he is a nut job and to republicans thinking he will support your let kids be murdered in school policy he says Emma Gonzalez is his idol who is a gun control advocate so do not be fooled unless you want liberal policies. Personally I do but what the hell 
@USER God Help Us.
Maybe we aren't q a non q army train wwg1wga drain the deep state maga http
@USERS Corbyn and Abbott won't get in so the conservatives will win again thumbs up 
@USER I follow civil liberals or center-left people and a few of them I've interacted with for yrs. I learn from them occasionally and hopefully vice versa. Never thought about blocking them. I guess a shift is what people might see as problematic man shrugging light skin tone 
@USER School food ass anyways face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER ALL LIVES MATTER!
@USERS Conservatives like Shapiro think everyone's cognitive functionality is structured like theirs rules-based. Nope. It is especially true for non-conservatives that most people think results or goals-based and NOT rules-based. So they cannot contend with rule-breakers.
@USER True Liberals do
women should rule the world that is all. http via @USER
 I am not going to no function with niggas that wear MAGA hats nauseated face 
@USERS Yeah fuck pogba thumbs up 
@USER got Kamara too he is the man
@USERS You are such a fraud &amp doing the fight against anti-Semitism an extreme disservice.
@USERS Two words I thought I would never hear together ticats and cornhole
@USERS brilliant bigotry.
@USERS Antifa fails
@USER When will you and the rest of the msm go after keith ellison and the reports of abuse about him?.seem like you guys have 2 standards when it come to covering harassment claims against Liberals ignore or downplay then Conservatives 24 or 7 coverage assuming guilt right away .
@USERS If I die from him again i might say fuck him and his armor and leave it there in his crypt and never go back 
@USER incoming the gun control patrol
@USERS Mickie is 39 now? She is on her way out.
@USERS Not supporting trump is the lowest low bar. I am glad someone does not support trump. It does not make them an ally. There are plenty of conservatives who hate trump who aren't also pure trash.
@USERS please can I print out the great poster you designed for justice for oliver I have a stall at event for this purpose. I was going to do one myself but you are much better at techno beaming face with smiling eyes http
@USERS Who are you to judge a man. Is your name Jesus? Why fuss about the words he chose? How many did your Messiah bring home. Stop being a troll and wake up. maga q a non wwg1wga trump trust the plan http
@USER Amen hundred points Have. grest Day Edwsrd folded hands maga hundred points United States United States United States United States http
@USER Here are the husbands 1945 Mrs Dean 1969 Mrs Peterson Lawton 2000 when she is dead Mrs. Peterson. I think Peterson came after Lawton 1967 she divorced Lawton Lawton had 6 wives last count http
@USERS I love Carole! She is so smart I will really miss her! rho ny was hoping you would have been a great addition to or another political show. Any news on what you will do next? red heart selector 
@USER I am truly sorry that you are having a rough day. I hope it gets better for you. I am doing fantastic.
 he is Back ! James O'Keefe's 'Project Veritas' Exposes The DEEP STATE In A New Series Of Videos He Exposes A State Dept Employee Organizing For The 'Democrat Socialist Of America' While At Work And Your Tax Dollars Pay Him tuesday tips maga kag http http
@USER WHO FUCKING CARES?!? He was IN HIS HOME Some armed cop invaded his home and killed him She is guilty. End. Of. Story.
@USER Suck my dick
@USER Yeah brother I know like I have pretty good gun control but the smg 12 is just insane face with tears of joy 
@USERS I love how liberals call people names because that is all they have. How does he deserve to be called a dirt ball?
@USERS This is the PIC MSM showed us in 1999 for jfk jr plane wreckage also- FAKE! Here is a video, showing another pic MSM showed of jfk jr even MORE FAKE! http Article Evidence Of A Cover up &amp Why official story is in DOUBT! http http 
@USERS . it is funny how you assumed I only have those qualifications. Typical black tweep. When they are losing a debate they assume the other party is lower than them. that is why you are broke. Stay there with your debt. Yet they've never met the person. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS Conservatives never believe women. it is amazing. You assume lying every single time. Remembering the exact date of a high-school drinking party is a rather silly thing to expect. Quick - what was the exact date of the one you got drunkest at? And name everyone there?
@USER Literally Sam is quitting smoking mid competition and obviously having some mood swings from it. She is a fantastic human being and you are portraying her as shit and portraying JC as a cute little dude when he groped Tyler in his sleep. Shame.
@USERS it is not your name. you are account is as fake as a 3 dollar bill. You are about as dense as stale unleavened bread.
@USERS I do not know why they can see she is lying they should leave him alone . They need to write an article now when they wanted to write 1 10 months ago . Just so you know you make no money with Melissa .
@USERS . you want publicity? Try doing a video apologizing to your fans for kissing trump's a$$ while burning that maga hat. Puhlease you were just apologizing to drake &amp posting video of your daughter singing the Kiki song. So stop it. Nobody's buying this album either http
@USER Childess
@USER Chuck is a DUCK ! 
@USERS You absolutely can enforce them consistently. Stop and frisk isn't a law based on definable characteristics. that is the issue. Gun control laws aren't subjective like stop and frisk.
@USER He is that stupid!
@USER Who does he think he is the dumb Donald!
 @USER Nothing with liberals is fair . 
@USERS You are happy your all friend.
@USERS You are a good dancer and talented in drawings. My fingers are like that when I vote for CNCO face with tears of joy premiosheat2018 latin grammy cn co cnc on ellen cn co the latin artist pc as follow eric konig
@USER As we now know there were scandals. They were covered up very well. that is coming to end. Slowly but surely.
@USERS YALL PLEASE DO NOT SEND HER YALL MONEY THIS IS A SCAM THESE ARE MY WIGS SHE IS POSTING AND SCAMMING people
@USER should be thanking her lucky stars that she has never been sexually assaulted or raped when she was a 15 year old girl. She could hardly deal with a little harassment from Antifa. nothing lower
@USERS You mean like Hollywood actress . ? She supports antifa and uses their handbook as her profile pic. Rants about me too yet her brother Alexis Arquette was abused as a child and she is silent about it thumbs down medium skin tone hypocrites liberalism is a mental disease http
@USERS Agreed. I have better ideas ABC Let AntiFa beat her to death at a pro-Trump Free speech rally. 1 or 
 US education can use a ton of rethinking http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERSHi BEE GEE! You are so cute! grinning cat face with smiling eyes face blowing a kiss 
@USER that is fucking gross.
@USERS he is so breathtakingly handsome man
@USERS A must read! http
 @USER Ask Cruz why he blames tofu eating liberals for the influx of money into Texas after Houston just held a conference to woo investors from China in May. Texans must learn where that money is coming from and the reasons for the odd insults. http transparency
@USER We thank our God for you every single day. maga to kag
@USER And then we can issue each one of them a pink unicorn.
@USER Reason is he is in a small market on a mediocre team.
54 concert goers massacred in Fort Worth with 9mm Ruger P89. The NRA calls gun control research 'unethical'.
 @USER &lt help. I should call my father to let him know you are up. I'll be right back. I lean down placing a chaste kiss against his cheek. Once I pulled away, I give him a bright smile as I walk out of the room to call my father. I know he is &gt 
@USER Go pop open your lid in the kitchen. Bam there he is.
9 factory workers gunned down in Iowa City with 20-gauge Winchester pump-action shotgun. The NRA blames gun control laws.
@USERS Completely agree. The political legacy of Cameron &amp Osbourne will be overlooked because of the EU debacle. How they took the country from 158bn deficit and kept everything running was a political miracle.
@USER Isn't it time for the BBC to be asking some probing questions of the leader of the Scottish Conservatives. it is in the public interest
nick ferrari seems to be intentionally misleading his viewers?! Suggesting paedophiles among whites are the same percentage as muslims and that we are only angry at one? No Mr Ferrari . I think not! lbc lbc radio maga mcga mega mb ga conservatives patriots http
@USER How taser works?
@USER Another country with strict gun control. For some reason gun control never helps the average citizen but dictators and terrorists sure support it.
@USER Definitely not as a democracy because its a Constitutional Republic!
@USER Ford's takeover of the Ontario Conservatives makes Trump's takeover of the GOP look geologically slow.
@USERS What does that have to do with anything at all? face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing the level of discourse from liberals is embarrassing
@USERS Liberals aren't bright.
 @USER What is my fucking problem? Really? Jason denys a couple of times. He does not want to behave like an idiot or not again or but he is worried about her. Where is Dick or Bruce? Are not they with you in this? 
@USER Low life bitches
@USERS Not saying much to claim you are smarter than 
@USER here we go this is where the nats blow a lead now or the 8th inning have you not learned and strasburgh is not what everyone thinks he is inconsistent
tyranny totalitarianism leftism JUST WHEN YOU THINK the left cannot SINK ANY LOWER - liberals fear their major cultural victories of the past half-century are democratically. http
@USER Traditionalists and fuddy-duddy conservatives form a convenient horseshoe with feminists when it comes to a lot of women's issues. Their reasons are grounded in chivalry and sex differences rather than equality but the result looks very similar.
@USERS Brexit is the single most important political issue of the day. The Mayor of London with the biggest direct democratic mandate in the UK needs to have a view.
@USER He is perfect for the part! I am with it .
@USER Throw Antifa in there too!
@USER yo he is gorgeous smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USER I already knew that ! face with tears of joy SO stay with us deplorable bigots! We're getting ready to fight for our COUNTRY! wwg1wga
@USERS then you are a fool too
@USER Liar! Set up by far left. Liberals are so predictable! Americans are into these empty stupid tactics. No one believes you! it is a politically induced maneuver to attempt to delay the installation of a judge until after midterms. It won't work. No go write your book!
@USER Because they are crates by the liberals to save ANY kind of influence.
@USERS cannot believe you are not competitive for the same services as for life. Your service isn't worth and extra $30 a month. cancel
@USER Eric ur no Jeff sessions!
@USER Element of surprise has gone then Somehow i think this is more
@USERS Also not correct. But, the some of the safest US cities does not have strict gun control laws. Side-note You can not believe one word that Michael Moore preaches in any of his documentaries. This video is a bit of an eye-opener http 
@USERS A popular vote would be terrible! We would become a Democracy!
@USER Well she supported $7 co payment for Dr visits when President of AMA that is an indication . She is Ambitious that is all .
@USER Yoo our dogs should totally fuck
@USERS Freedom From National Debt is also very good and written by former Deputy Secretary of the Treasury Frank N. Newman. Also great because he is not an MMT academic but basically confirms MMT from a non-MMT insider's perspective 
low emissions bus transport conservatives PM announces 106m funding for low-emission vehicles http
Sean Spicer and Donald Trump in happier times. maga the resistance monday motivation http
@USER Are you going to become an antifa fighter now
@USERS I respected Ron Paul and Dennis Kucinich most in congress
@USER And then Americans are going to demand Christine Ford face Criminal charges &amp face jail time when she is proven to have lied. Her guilt is in the fact she contacted Dems Not the FBI. Ford did not come forward as a witness in the hearing. She's bought and paid for
@USERSdo not we all! folded hands 
And Soros money in their pocket. maga http
@USER Garrett you are amazing and funny. Keep being you. I love when you talk about Harry Potter because Harry Potter is awesome
@USERSRight . it is a conditioning of sorts resulting in denial. Irrelevant of the facts. THUS Welcomes Cognitive Dissonance in Disguise- ANTIFA woman facepalming light skin tone 
@USERS Education is devolved and is an utter shambles. The snp are in charge of it and neither the conservatives or brexit are a factor.
@USER you suck so fucking hard that i genuinely want to drop out of school and quit doing art and spend every day of my life destroying another epson printer with a lead pipe. i hate you so much.
twitter should be a less mean environment and less biased towards conservatives.
@USERS that is just what Satan would say if he were threatened.
@USER the owner is a elderly lady who couldn't leave the trailer cause it was underwater and she is in oxygen tanks
@USERS And - on reflection - I is a sycophantic twat But that does not mean he is wrong
@USERSFollowed &amp Retweeted All These Awesome MAGA Patriots! We Must Get Fired Up &amp get all our people out to vote in November or we will all be in for so much lawlessness The Dems Are Planning on Bringing Impeachment Proceedings even though there are no impeachable Offenses committed
 @USER A much more traditional take on the Lois &amp Clark dynamic is showing up in Tom King's Superman 100-Page Giants at Walmart. I would recommend it. She is not SUPER-heavily featured in the first issue but she is well-treated. 
@USERS here is your boy smoking marijuana and hanging out with a pornstar and escort girl and paying the people that keep her a slave to be his slave. He is insane http
@USER do not you have concerns about Keith Ellison? Well do you.
@USER They crossed the line a long time ago. Antifa is a branch of the Socialist party.
@USERS Their gullibility. They think if a politician has an R by their name he is a good guy and do not research that person at all.
@USERSYou mean like all the Liberals screaming at a SC nomination hearing? That kind of clown show? So tell me since when do accusers get to make demands? This isn't a university misandry board of injustice.
@USERS How about starting with gun control.
@USER now that Bea Arthur had a lovely mud bath and coconut oil rub she is settled in for her bedtime story and loves loves loves your book so much i had to read it three times to her before she would go to bed. We hope you are doing well and feeling better! http
@USER Yes he is and it is giving a Good View
@USER Boy is that professor stupid or else has a mental illness. He obviously should not be teaching anyone!
@USERSBe best. Be maga white heavy check mark Following amazing patriots.
@USER The interview is an important part of the hiring process. And selling yourself may not come naturally. Let's make sure you are fully prepared http TN
@USER I want to fight one of you for real you are taking the piss http
@USER She is disgusting
@USERS person raising hand Hello to all fellow patriots.
@USER YOU ARE SO TALENTED I ADORE YOU
@USERS If the LEFT would just stop the politics of distraction he will keep more promises maga
@USER He is too bitchy. And you?! I ask a question and you do not respond Why would this be 1 way street?
@USER Could it be that President Trump is normal and most of Washington D because are insane and totally out of touch with the forgotten middle class working people of America? Drain the swamp &amp MAGA.
@USER she's my bitch
6 people are dead after shooting spree in California .AND LORD FORBID WE SHOULD TALK ABOUT COMMON SENSE GUN CONTROL MEASURES.OH NO! face screaming in fear face screaming in fear face screaming in fear face screaming in fear 
@USERS Who's paying for your tweet? Antifa?
@USER Bono is utterly stupid ridiculous wealthy tax avoiding hypocrite fascist I cannot listen to U2 again
@USER If she is refusing to come forward how will this allegation from years ago be nvestigated? Nothing but obstruction and lies. confirm kavanaugh
@USER i really did not know him before that at all face with tears of joy 
@USERS Cause gun control worked so well for chicago?
@USERS DOXX her. See if she is as Lilly white as she puts on.
@USER The war on conservatives ANTIFA
@USER he is like Meuller Hunted by A Master Sportsman or and the most powerful man in the world or Barry armed Trump Unwittingly with Lethal Force or Barry Never thought Killary would lose or http
@USERS because I've never been insulted by Conservatives. 
@USERS Maybe Antifa asshats? Those who physically assault others for their political beliefs? Democrats are NO Saints and neither are you!
@USER Worst place I've experienced that is the fucking movies
@USERS Ugh.you are one of those
@USER Oh no! Hope you are okay.
@USER hope you are enjoying strictly training ! http
@USERS Because she knew how to add up the millions in donations received for access?
@USER oh my god another bigot showing he is basically gutless - sounds much like Donald face with tears of joy 
@USER Liberals want to control people from cradle to coffin. They'd b happy if people avoided all physical or social contact w each other. they are making us so suspicious of each other. DIVIDE AND CONQUER is their hidden agenda.
@USERS I can not see him posting such a video if he was done with Supes. He is wearing a krypton t-shirt too
@USER Yea he is he said he would if Tua was healthy
@USER Early Antifa group. Heavily armed but look happy. http
@USERS Repeatedly re announcing previous measures and funding that do not come in effect until a future date and only serve to help housebuilders make more profit isn't going to solve the housing crisis created by Labour and made worse by 
@USER Blame Trump? you bunch of idiots. Blame the corruption over in PR
@USER Of course he is offended he is ill due to liberalism!
@USERS You are out of your fucking mind . NO socialism is good - NO such thing as Democratic Socialism You fool
@USERS Aalayah.I cannot express enough how proud I am of you and your classmates. I truly believe your hard work will be the turning point in gun control!It is definitely time for the old white boys club to step aside and listen to the young people who have suffered because of them.
@USERS I never said no one died in Sa Juan.I said she is only in charge of one town out of 78. do not get me wrong many people to blame.in the case of Ricardo Rosello he is terrified of Trump and wants to please him at all cause. I am sure Rosell and trump knew the count was higher
@USERS One of them just called me 'politically and morally bankrupt' because I said I WOULD get behind him if he opposed Brexit neutral face face with tears of joy 
@USER By defending and making excuses for obvious bad behavior. you are sure to get more of it.
@USER An insult to holocaust survivors and their families. An embarrassment to film making.
IN HONOR OF constitution day I PURCHASED A trump t-SHIRT AND A maga HAT trump train liberty freedom america usa liberty http
@USER And Obama did not. not to you because you agreed with him.
@USER Eli is what he is at this point average at best
@USER Flake I lost 17 guys lost let the guy do his job and think of the people instead of your non existent career
@USER What do you like to do when you are with your family? ask ally
@USERS Because he knows he is going to Jail soon
@USERS Oh wait now I get it. You two are ANTIFA!
@USER EVERYONE? Wow. That must have been an exhaustive research project. http
@USER You are not
@USER See his profile? Thinks he is hardcore .boi thinking face 
@USERS She's no poor thing . She's an antifa protester with many ties to the DNC. She's a Trump hater. Donated to HRC. She did not just appear out of the blue. Cracks me up how naive people are. Toughen up America! These are lying leftists intent on destroying our democracy! 
@USERS Antifa means anti-fascist . I am not sure there is an Antifa organization, but there are millions who are anti-fascist. Why are you not one of them? 
@USERS Um it is right in front of your face. These big-tech giants are censoring conservatives every single day. Dems constantly calling for sensible gun control and sometimes outright the repeal of the 2nd amendment. Conservative ideas are shut down on college campuses.
@USER Bono is a Nono in my house.
@USER So much respect for that man wherever he is. red circle white circle 
@USERS GFY since you are into code letters face with tears of joy and how about POS winking face with tongue middle finger light skin tone writing hand selector KMA
@USER I checked. followed woman shrugging light skin tone face with tears of joy 
4. Most Disliked Oc- Amai vs Most Liked Oc- Kira Amai is pretty much a freaking bad daughter. She killed her mum and little brother just to run off with some man. Kira is a pretty sweet gal who loves her father very much and just loves to be loved! She is also a determined gal
 @USER you are either a bot or. for some reason you are associated Gavin McInnes with the alt-right ? Time to find some better news sources, brother? The alt-right hasn't been relevant since CVille. Your journalists covering antifa or just focusing on a few harmless conservatives? 
@USERS The choice is simple. If you vote Gillum you are voting for Socialism. If you vote for Ron DeSantis you are voting for everything that makes Florida great. voter on desantis 2018 http
@USERS You are asking the right questions face with tears of joy 
@USER cannot we send this pig back to Canada. he is an animal.
@USER FAKE NEWS
@USERS I am sorry that is how the rap game goes. If I am working with a producer that is working with my enemy why wouldn't I be like either them or me. Find your own people. This is rap and she is well within her right to.
@USER you never were a slave. Spartacus was a slave and a heroic figure. You are neither.
@USER We had Leveon Bell. that is the dumbest argument. But we can compare college for when he played. His best season was 1700 yds 26 TDs. How about Collins? And this is Conners first year starting and he is starting much better than Collins
@USERS Those fucking calves man drooling face 
@USERS Now they'll have to pay more for their MAGA hats.
@USER Religious persecution is bad. .when it is your religion being persecuted. http
@USER Honestly The fact he hasn't any legislative power coupled with the fact he is a skilled diplomat sways the balance for me. Besides the varadkar Government pushes that kinda shit anyway president or not.
@USERS He was fucking murdered and all you can talk about is marijuana?
@USERS Oh they're real.THIS IS WHAT ANTIFA LOOKS LIKE ON TWITTER face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS leader of Antifa
@USER he is woman shrugging medium skin tone 
@USER Yay! You are unblocked face with tears of joy I see how you gently responded.
@USER a few comics i never met i REALLY want to meet now and he is one of them 
@USERS Dammit! I fell asleep. Can someone tell me what they were chanting about?
@USER Consider the source. it is only Bono.
@USERS Once again does zero research. But she is on the TV!
@USER Her face looks like they throw quarters
@USERS Good come back. !maga
@USERS Thank you!
@USERS Trudeau and the metoo movement . He is on the wrong side there. Funny how questions never went anywhere with Trudeau.
Regrann from trump babes 2020 - United States United States Amazing MAGA Babe United States United States trump trump2020 maga maga2020 trump babes trumpbabes2020 trumpbabes2020 milfs for trump babes for trump babes for trump2020 http
@USERS There's zero evidence of any gaff and it is not their jobs to do any such thing this is just more hijinx and chicanery from two buffoons that have no platforms or morals. conservatives cdn poli
@USER Thank you ! Yes he is so sick loudly crying face 
@USERS Totally agree! trump2020 Now if we conservative hunters and gun owners could just teach you urban guys hat Federal Public lands are paid and protected by conservatives! keep it public
@USER he closes his eyes so she won't notice how groggy he is. 
@USERS . is staffed with unhinged Liberals &amp This is a disgusting statement. http
@USERS By any chance did you sexually assault girls in high school? That would explain why you are so eager to overlook the possibility such a horrid crime &amp insist on a double-standard which benefits you &amp the alt-right &amp back up your justifications wi obvious lies. I bet I am right.
@USERS We need gun control grinning squinting face Liberals should not have access to guns. They are not mentally stable. This must stop grinning squinting face 
@USER he is the fart in the wind of history. http
@USER Hope he is enjoying himself while he can rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS Compare the coffers of Greg photo op guy Walden and Jamie McCleod Skinner and you'll see that his treasure chest is in the millions from NRA and telecom industry. Anti-fair and open internet.Anti REASONABLE gun control measures. For exploiting public lands.
@USER Bitchhh loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face she was suppose to order some oatmeal
@USER Yeah my exact thoughts here. Real uphill climb tho to get people to stop saying dumb shit on the internet.
@USERS He is seething! You can see it in his eyes and hear it in his voice! Obama was a failed president in every sense of the word! maga kag locomotive United States United States United States United States United States United States United States 
@USER So what about your antifa children harassing and threatening members of congress at their homes? Or is that different?
@USERS She's so far up in the clouds she's long since forgotten what common sense is let alone how the American people feel she's just another Michael Bloomberg trying to push her views on everyone else and the state she represents
@USERS The President despite all of Woodward book of lies and you and Barrack has done so far a tremendous job we are respected again our economy is not longer the animic less than 2% and our enemies fear us again John you and Barrack r History
@USERS Honestly i think she should concentrate more on her acting career rather than twitter.she is fantastic actress.but all these twitter comments and political comments will only divert her focus.kuch toh log kahenge.unko kaam hai kehna
@USER he is lying
@USER Antifa thugs remind me of orcs if they are stupid enough to try and take someones firearm i wouldn't be surprised if its an orc who is thrown in a dumpster
@USERS The FASCISTS are Anti-American Communist Scum like yourself! Now go Fuck Yourself you piece of human garbage! USA maga ANTIFA are Terrorists
@USER She will be remembered as the witch that used her genitalia to make a false claim against a good man b or because she is a die-hard democrat that hates republicans so much. She is willing to ruin a good mans name all in the name of power. Democrats are crying wolf way too many.
@USER Brennan is a disgrace-without a clearance grinning face with big eyes 
@USERS Is that the only attorney general in our history to be held in contempt?
ANTIFA is a domestic terrorist organization that leeches off of George Soros's money. They are a domestic terrorist organization that uses intimidation &amp violence to spread their ideology.
@USER which is why I am loving all this shit right now 
@USER no one attacked Kavanope! We are allowed to question liars. He is secretive and He lied under oath. What more do you need?
@USER No it is not.
@USERS Rubio sat through a 2-hour town hall in February answering questions from the public about gun control from people whose friends and children had just been murdered. That takes more courage than grandstanding and lying in a stupid hearing.
@USERS We all know it is not even close to bribery. She's using that term to defend her disgusting and disgraceful decision to vote with her party over the American people. I have to wonder how much she is getting paid for the yes vote.
@USERSBecause of Antifa. woman shrugging selector 
@USERS Another Democrat scam. Republicans do not fund terrorist groups like ANTIFA to threaten people. .but go ahead make it look real
@USERS that is different because it is a panel show. I am talking about Paul Golding actually being a news anchor. We'd end up with a British Tucker Carlson.
@USER Your mind is still not accepting that the federal Government belongs to PTI of which you are member of NA.
@USER He is so beautiful there.
@USER This is a premeditated attack by Democratic liberals and she is being rehearsed. Enough of the scam show. Vote Kavanaugh to SC.
@USERSI thought the whole world knew Liberals would never answer factual questions. If they adhered to Truth they'd never will another election.
@USER i am a lot older than she is
@USER He is looking for a place to hide
@USERS Here she is disappointed face 
@USER Evidently she's as big a narcissist as he is.
@USERS Great and I am certainly anti fascist but the group antifa is the most fascist and violent groups in America in case you hadn't noticed and associated with the largest hate group in America the democratic party
@USERSHad all but one. Agreed EVERY one of these MAGA patriots is a must follow. Let's do this together for our great nation in 2018! Then repeat in 2020 and 2022!
@USERS If you do not think everybody wants to be rich, sadly you are lying to yourself. Pretending otherwise is simply an excuse to settle. Nothing wrong with settling, but to dismiss those who want more for themselves as greedy is disingenuous. 
@USERS Liberals love to hype the Crouton as a financial genius, but much of his success was due to downloading costs to the prov, raiding the EI surplus, etc. That said, you use the tools you have in the box, and I give him props as a decent steward of the public purse. 
 @USER pffft the new tweet just keeps wondering around the interface 
@USER Watched the press conf with Trump and heard him say how much we will make when Poland pays us to put in a military base. He is a dottering demented fool who really believes that his goal is for America to make money. You hear it in all he says. This isn't a hotel.
@USERS 'Think she is one of the Demoncrats. Hard to imagine that a sane or living person would vote for her.
 @USER This man is one of the most intelligent highly accomplished Black men in the USA yet, White Liberals &amp the Old Order his words have been successfully able to have him disowned by his own people. No Black child looks up to this man for inspiration because to them he does not exist http 
@USERS Liberals media won't report it
@USERS SHE IS A FUCKING MESS! I HATE HER SO MUCH
@USER She is telling to be best to students. Wow ! What a role model she is.
@USERS ERIC HOLDER IS A FILTHY MAGGOT. http
@USERS Yeah and guess what helped DC become Not the Murder Capital of the World? Gun control! It works!
54 factory workers shot dead in Oklahoma with WASR-10 Century Arms rifle. The NRA blames gun control laws.
 Probably indoctrinating . maga http 
@USERS Shame on and all the rest of the left wing media that are not doing their jobs and purposely looking the other way. This is the best example yet of their fake news bias. maga walk away from the bias and corruption of the left. http
@USERS The definition of snowflake
 @USER And everyone knows that Kerry does not have a clue! Heard that from numerous anonymous sources who also say he is not sane. that is what the sources say. 
@USERS If he is innocent he should be vindicated and there should be penalties for false accusations also.
@USER And the media will simply not calm down and just report normally and let the folks decide. They are a propaganda arm of one party and anyone who disagrees with their doctrine is dismissed as evil and worthy of the Auntie Maxine or ANTIFA treatment or worse.
@USER Let's Geaux Tigers! Prove yourselves you are worthy! Show the Nation ! tiger face 
@USERS maga said I.
@USER Dump MasterCard
@USERSI do not know can we?
@USERS What a waste of one's short life. man shrugging light skin tone United States 
@USERS .long live satire!- if we cannot cut to the truth in this way then we may as well call it a day. thinking face smiling face with sunglasses OK hand 
@USER I am definitely for antifa members getting themselves killed.
@USERS It says everything. When your principles hang on the fraudulent word of a porn performer. What integrity have you got left?
@USER Bigly.bigly? He did not won.he was elected by the people of the united states ahole.what he'll are you referring to? Antifa fools that get their asses kicked.vagina hats. pathetic ass
@USERS I am talking about your comment that Nick was a fascist. Brittany means nothing to me. So like I said are you Antifa?
@USER The facts of the matter are very plain &amp basic. This has never happened before in recorded history or on other similarly hit islands in the area. The fact it happened on Donald Trump's watch is unsurprising. He did not support them. He is an abject failure and should be dismissed
@USER I cannot drink. http
@USERS No Kim you are a failure and your whole life has been
@USER looks like antifa
@USERS Then she should step down. it is not about her. She was elected by liberals. She has power because of liberals.
@USERS White cops are called racists by mobs and liberals daily
19. Probably John Adams. I'd love a chance to talk to a founding father and ask them about gun control.
@USERS Bad people do not obey the law. There are many more guns in circulation in North America than there are people. Gun control is liberal mind masturbation.
@USER True point. Gun control is total bullshit.
@USER Yes and give you energy naturally. Keeps you hydrated
@USERS why bore me with something that do not mean nothing at all what she done in the past and who she is now. Wow she wore tracksuit she probably would of warn many of things?.!
@USER Ooooo Damn! Looks like a Rainbow! All Pretty And Shit!
@USER Keep voting for liberals and this is the future
@USERS Just like gun control will not keep guns from the hands of criminals.
@USERS You quoted a group that associates themselves with Antifa or anarchists. Does that make you an anarchist, Antifa? No, and it is weird I have to explain that to an adult. You made the strange jump that if a TP USA person works for an org that Milo works for, TP USA is alt right? 
@USER Why is she under the white hot spotlight?.SHE IS the victim of this Trump like abusive animal. stop kavanaugh now
@USER He is untreatable
@USER Credible only to looney liberals
@USERS Now I see why the Conservatives love him!
@USER you are my favorite person on earth just so you know. If you are ever hungry and want some food I bought a 40 count of bagel bites from steel yard Walmart and I won't be able to eat them all by myself so please keep that in mind
@USER Not a classical music fan?
@USER MAGA Mushrooms are growing again
@USERSso you are saying the authors of these articles are not representative of the message of most liberals?
 @USER YOU cannot TELL ME WHAT THE FUCK I CAN AND cannot DO! whips out binoculars 
@USERS You are whoring yourself out for NRA $$!
@USER thoughts on Sandy Alcantara? Seems like he is pitching well
@USER Absolutely NFW.
@USERS You nailed that ass
@USERS takes a break from fluffing the 
@USER ANTIFA hides their identity behind ski masks. We are living in such times.
@USERS . He'll be confirmed on schedule. Then we start the very short clock on RBG. And 1 or 2 or 3 more in the next 6.5 years. Along with another 30-40% lower court appointments. The democrat destruction over the last 10 years has been epic! And hilarious. maga
The only reason they call them common sense is because they do not know what they want and are just hopping on the bandwagon. maga 2a defenders trump time http
@USERS spanish un justice vs. freedom of expression and human rights spain is a fake democracycddr shame on spain http
@USERS I am glad you do babe I kiss you back now let's get going you are coming tomorrow to the final right babe
@USERS My therapist had a baby in August so been seeing a sub. She is very good at it but my real therapist is wonderful. Has helped me so much
@USERS Obvious to whom? Only to those who do not clean up the inside of their cup. You see skin color b or because you are projecting onto others. many do not live their lives being or seeing color. Many of us have mixed families- How does that fit into your b or s conclusion? http
A bitch just be minding her business person tipping hand medium skin tone face with tears of joy 
@USERS It seems to me that she is the one that has no real idea what she went through or whether or not she actually went through anything negative involving Judge Kavanaugh. Her recollections are vague at best with absolutely zero corroboration. You are supporting a dangerous precedent
@USER Another Fraud Senator from the Left!
@USERS When the abuser projects. Look in the mirror Mark - you are crazy &amp angry.
@USERS So the AR-15 is a fully semi-automatic assault rifle, gun control works, and Donald Trump is racist? 
@USER A dying sport
@USERS God forbid construction workers would be able to earn a decent wage. Liberals want the working class poor and quiet.
@USER Yet this kids in chicago killing each other daily cause you doing so much good in your home state with gun control right?
@USER I am a survivor of sexual abuse. This woman is obviously lying. Believe me you remember every detail. it is so obvious these woman only come forward to hurt conservatives. But who they truly are hurting is innocent men and women who really have been abused. She should be ashamed!
@USERS Liberals apparently think NO ONE has rights unless having those rights furthers the leftist agenda. I see it again and again and again.
@USERS Andy. Like ur reflex use of cliches n slogans. you must practice a lot. Have you thort of writing for a greeting card company?
@USERS you people are so laughable leave them alone she is going to be great.
@USER And now Tyler is going out of his way to assure Haleigh she is staying this week rolling on the floor laughing where is this immaculate game play you claim? Pathetic jury management more like. http
@USER Looks like my Sylvester and he looks like a skunk. Love him to pieces though. He is so sweet. My girl cat has a unique personality. She is sweet but has her moments.
@USERS You challenged libtards I am here.my thoughts on gun control are simple assault weapons should be banned for civilians I don' t remember 17- 59 people murdered in 20 with a hammer I own a hand gun for protection i support our 2nd amendment 
@USERS Why do you think? It really does not matter who she's representing. We know it is not the people. By extension we know she lies pretending she is weighing the evidence. She is always only looking for an excuse for her votes supporting whoever owns her.
 1 This argument that 'boyhood' does not deserve scrutiny only seems to apply to white boys &amp men of high socioeconomic status. Kavanaugh should be judged for who he is today, influential political voices, mostly conservatives, argue, not what he supposedly did in high school. 
@USERS Do not CANCEL the vote on Kavanaugh. Do not fall prey to the lying filthy liberals. Tell Flake to shut up. America is sick of this BS from the left!
@USER The Democrats do not care .they are out to destroy .does not matter just so they are Republicans &amp Conservatives exclamation question mark selector 
 @USER A band of liars Eric has a big L on his forehead. He is so disgusting. Who votes for these people or do not they really, it has to be rigged. 
@USERS you are very creative 
 @USER Better Call Cruz is as slimy a piece of the perverted former GOP and a prime example of why those used to be decent Republican Conservatives need to VOTE For BETO 
@USER Joe Scarborough still hasn't answered for the young woman that was found dead on his office. He is s lying chickenshit.
@USER Hana &amp Hina After School. it is an LGBT love story and I got it for my best friend and read half and the next day went back to the comic con and bought myself the series face with tears of joy 
@USER If gun control worked Chicago would be a safe place. It isn't. If national gun control worked Mexico would be a safe place. It isn't. do not believe the lyes. Did alcohol prohibition work? No. Did drug prohibition work? No. Will gun prohibition work? No.
@USER Anti abortion is not about the sanctity of life. Its about the subjugation of women. If it was about life then the paradox you point out would not exist and gun control would be pursued.
@USER gender isn't the same as sexuality but thinking face you tried also I am trans so johnny's trans if i say he is. thanks!
@USER You are a bad ass! Keep fighting for us two hearts 
@USERS Check this ad out. Super creepy people are pointing out a disturbing problem with this Republican election ad http
@USERSHey we just want everyone to know that you are for POTUS and United States ! maga United States United States beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes collision collision fire fire clapping hands clapping hands waving hand waving hand flexed biceps flexed biceps flexed biceps OK hand OK hand thumbs up thumbs up 
@USER Bitch I know. My body is ready face with tears of joy 
There is only ONE reason why Christine Blasey Ford won't testify against Kavanaugh despite her serious allegations. She cannot testify UNDER OATH. She'll be a willing Dem but does not want to PERJURE herself. LESS THAN 60 DAYS UNTIL NOV ELECTION potus trump maga kag news http
@USERS We are in this mess because people are stupid and lazy that is why the conservatives are in and she's screwing us over
@USERS Even Kavanaugh said Roe v Wade is a settled law. She is spewing a narrative that does not exist. Trump also said the same.
 @USER You are my only friend on twitter. I joined this CIA or NSA front group to keep the lion meat fresh. But there are alternatives that are not enmeshed in the anal cavity of the Deep State. Perhaps you might consider them. I would switch in a NY heartbeat and close the account. 
@USER Someone needs to give this woman a puppy. She is not enjoying life.
@USERS And we pro Americans are embarrassed and sick of you anti America liberals. There are plenty of countries with the lefts ideology already in place. Move there.
@USERSGreat list. Ty. Just a heads up. I only fb MAGA profiles. Please update your profile if I haven't followed you back. Let's MAGA!
@USER I like that. primatives. PERFECTLY describes the democrats and liberals me too resist antifa
@USER Then support meaningful gun control and there wouldn't be atrocities like that to use? do not want them raising money for good causes? Eliminate the disasters! trump is a moron stop kavanaugh nytimes oped by q a non
@USERS There ain't no MAGA hats sold here but that do not stop me from wanting to MAGA.
@USERSAwesome Q meme on that!
@USER The voters have decided about gun control. They have gotten bloodshed on a daily basis.
@USERS Why? Plenty of people have taken a stance in favor of common sense gun control and it does not mean jack shit since they do not have a plan for common sense gun control. Would it really help to have the ASB and ASA also spouting empty buzzwords? 
@USER yup fooled antifa threw big ol' fire pit rocks at mah truck called the cops said them commies dunnit neat lawyer trick huh http
@USER Follback
@USER Yes as fuck
@USERS The same left-wing lie. The Economist seems a teenage antifa Facebook post. http
@USERS he is my ultimate bias.
@USER i think she is lying
@USER there is a point where even liberals must question motives
@USERS MY FACE WAS SO CLOSE TO THE CONCRETE BITCH I COULDVE PROBABLY STUCK MY TONGUE OUT AND LICK IT
@USER She is my favorite person
@USERS She is referring to Briefs, underwear , or as the white folks say tighty whities 
@USERS Do not donate. She is picking and choosing who she donates to. Being reported.
@USER Bizarre story and more to it once she is charged formally. Glad she is off the streets and certainly concerned if there are more clueless cops like her out there protecting us
liberals behave as if laws and rules are for other people. canada needs to rid itself of their corruption. http
@USER he is!
 #Liberals do not like to be pushed around. conservatives aren't supposed to be autocratic, we are. You know you are winning when they're shouting exceeds their understanding of rules based law. Best way to watch Liberals heads explode is for Cons to be more unpredictable. http 
@USERS No liberals calling for to resign http
@USER Elon sometimes opens his mouth only to replace one foot with the other
@USERS Seems I just read that somewhere w or the words Liberals in place if trump supporters Plagarism best
@USERS I do not give a damn about a tough niggah face with tears of joy 
@USERS Well he is complimenting her body which she is clearly very proud of as she's naked in every episode
@USERSPoetic words Comrade. I am going to have them printed on T-Shirts soon to be available at the Antifa store! http
@USER and why do all the issues about Pc only focus on liberals What about conservatives on kneeling on fake patriotism Or Republicans freaking out over an abortion
@USER Funny thing I just asked a cop about this. He said anybody trying to steal your weapon you have a rock solid case against for self defense. On the other hand if the antifa shoots anybody they will get murder 1 because stealing a weapon is premeditation.
@USER And the issue is much greater than gun control
@USERS If Obama's lips are moving then he is lying.
@USERS culture of our nation culture exists? what culture is that, because it is not the American culture it once was. 
@USERS . is arguing that gun control laws equals to a violation of people's rights. Even the conservative Scalia specified that gun regulations are consistent w or 2a and courts have repeatedly upheld most gun restrictions.
@USERS Dirk isn't a plumber. He is top 25 all time. Dan Majerle and Danny Ainge shoudn't be mentioned in the same breath as him.
@USERS what the fuck? Already thin D backfield just got thinner.
@USER A letter she wrote was used as an exhibit by the ACLU in their lawsuit against the Trump administration on family separations at the border. She sounds connected. http
@USER the war on honest conservatives-antifa
@USERS in the UK we are desperately trying to protect our National Health Service free at the point of delivery from right wing conservatives who admire the American model.
@USER He always was in on it.
@USERS EVERYBODY red heart selector full moon face ROY guitar AYERS-'76 saxophone http maga trump usaURL
@USERS He is not wrong.
 Judge Dismisses Lawsuit of Berkeley Student Injured at Protest of Yiannopoulos Event http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS We are calling you an operative . Or Shill. And more important a bigot for refusing to apologize for your actions to a woman just because she IS NOT a Scientologist. You won't even acknowledge what you did or defend or explain it despite how many times it has been asked already?
@USER Happening to Lecor and I where our frame rate is down by a decent amount and frame drops
expect us to work our asses off for gun sense candidates @USER gotv throw them out http
@USERS Murda fucker
@USER Yeahhhhh I will admit to being a Destiny 1 Cayde Liker but God they just made him suck in 2!
@USERS They lie about firearms. They call the AR-15 a fully semi-automatic assault rifle. They push gun control. They say Donald Trump is racist and hates Mexicans. They say he colluded with Russia. So yes, they lie 
@USERS I rode once in 2013 with Rebecca and she is so nice and such an Athlete woman mountain biking selector flexed biceps light skin tone .
@USER And then wana talk shit when you play something they do not know but the song be fire and end up blowing up then later becomes they song man facepalming medium-dark skin tone 
@USERS Holder's day is coming. Soon.
@USERS How's not going low been working for conservatives? 
@USERS it would mean so much of an amazing girl could have some advice from you. She is finally following her dream of being a photographer and would love some tips. Her photos are amazing already so I know she is going to be an even more amazing later on face blowing a kiss 
@USER YOUR TRASH! But she would have been A great coach if you wouldn't listen to zodiac. But you are sagittarius you hate to be told what you can or cannot do. Like the coach from Michigan wolverines hshshahhsjjjsjsjs. You keep PRAYING now you hear.
@USER WHAT I SAY ABOUT BEING A LITTLE PUSSY AND SAYING SHIT BEHIND people'S BACK
@USERS Says the guy who thinks that Labor Australian equivalent of USA liberals are socialists. face with rolling eyes 
@USERS You are a sick person
 @USER I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I am automatically attracted to beautiful I just start kissing them. it is like a magnet.Just kiss. I do not even wait. And when you are a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. 
.@USER You Sir are correct. There are so many GOOD MEN. She is completely out of line. http
AHH I MISS THEM SM red heart selector red heart selector 
@USER Anyone else think that Franken resigned over way more than what we actually witnessed and heard?
@USERS A horrendous act of course. Conservatives lie like they breath and are just generally awful human beings. I do not doubt the victims story even a tiny bit
 you are probably wondering why we was frontin about them. I forgot to add that my father told us that their grandparents were coming over to check on us. AND they never did for the whole day but they decided to do it now. So we forgot We ran as fast as we could to the house face with tears of joy http
@USER My sister and her husband have been married 60 years as of next week. She is a tough act to follow my first marriage ended after 7 .
@USERS Gun control has everything to do with punishing conservatives.
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http introducing new laws for small businesses that will check mark Help the UK's 5.7m small businesses access finances easier check mark Provide a 1bn long-term boost to the economy We http
@USERS Okay that is enough with the A and because shit. They do not care and neither should we.
@USER SUCH SUPPORT SPOOKY AT MY LOWEST MOMENT
@USER but you ARE the coolest dude
@USER We do have a few outages reported in Toronto. Here's a link to our outage map to see if you are in one of the defined spots - http -SC
@USER You cannot pretend to care about women when only those attacking conservatives count. Got it? clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands zany face 
@USER Yeah no batman made him eat a rat and be was mostly like yo fuck this guy hes not cool hes a lunatic until dick also wants to get violent
@USERSMore people scared of what the Liberals will think and say about them. This is rampant around conservatives. The only ones who ever stopped giving them that power were the Trump movement and they absolutely won everything including the internets.
@USER Do you support our POTUS? Please help by retweeting and following after voting! Follow Follow Follow face blowing a kiss maga kag trump
 @USER I do not think at your job is the place to protest perceived police violence or whatever you are protesting . If you really cared go to your local PD and protest there, taking a knee at a ballgame on your job does not take guts and only makes you look ignorant. 
Elizabeth Warren Fundraises off Sexual Misconduct Allegation Against Kavanaugh http via @USER
@USER Wont matter to me. Cannot stand all those holier than thou liberals- somebody told them society beloeve they are brilliant experts on politics- hehe- face vomiting 
@USER Hopefully she beats the shit out of the chair ump in Australia to really show them.
@USER Wow. Wonder what he is doing?
@USER I said the same thing today 
@USER He'll be in the loony bin by then !
@USER 2018-09-14 23 57 Congratulations! You are on no blocklists that we can find by scraping publicly available blocktogether lists Please check my follows for people incorrectly blocked - http
@USER Yes he is ! But he still won't be fired .
 Conservatives and republicans alike should recieve AND GIVE forgiveness. Gimme peace fam.
 @USER If you are into comedy movies the galpal flick Bookclub is both funny and heartwarming! Diane Keaton ,Jane Fonda Candice Bergun and Mary Steamburgen are just part of the fantastic cast! Made me laugh from beginning to end 
@USERS Milk is meant for calves not humans. Give your head a wobble
@USERSListen people Queen is right. This is not a game this is war backhand index pointing up backhand index pointing up backhand index pointing up backhand index pointing up backhand index pointing up collision collision pouting face pouting face pouting face pouting face http
@USERS You are going to become of KOD just like the famous 
@USERS I do not think he is a sociopath. I think he knows what he did and he knows he is lying.
$$$$ heavy minus sign backhand index pointing right dark skin tone Gun Control Groups Putting Millions Into Elections http
@USER Which blood if you like baff in the blood you do not see am. Breez and nips is that you are looking ehen that one you just looked at nao ehen grinning squinting face grinning face with sweat 
 @USER I'll bow out of this one. I was going to reply, but no matter how I worded it, it sounded liketake the camera and shove it up your ass 
@USER Behind bars with a orange jumpsuit for all her crimes dating back to Arkansas along with Billy Globalist deplorable she is Karma is a bitc- and it needs to call on Killary this year for sure! Time to pay your dues Hillary Rodham Clinton Lucerferian 
@USER Why do affluent liberals like Cooper who claim to support diversity usually live in areas without much diversity?
@USER I do not trust Kanye right now. I might not like that shit.
Shits about to Hit the Fan. maga http
Calm down you loon. Kavanaugh is already confirmed and you know it. Make plans for alternate employment after the trumptrain2020 train disembowels the democrat party in this country. Starting with removing roe v wade then build the wall then maga ! http
@USER Yes he is face with tears of joy face with tears of joy shhh
@USERS Well you are wrong. Avenatti may not like Trump as most people do not. But he has made things better for his client and that what he is paid for.
ANGELINA IS SO FUNNY AT RHE WRONG TIMES IMNGONNA SHOOT THIS BITCH UPPDOALS
@USERS i lost my shit and everyone in class is judging me .
@USERS And do not forget supply management He has been stubbornly clinging to that that tax. It also distorts all of international trade deals. Just makes life less affordable for the average working family. Only the Liberals.
@USERS You are a nut
@USER Yeah and.what's the point of this article? Trying to demonize him for meeting with lawyers? He has a right to defend his character. He also has the right to file a defamation of character case against this woman and Sen. Feinstein. Democrats or liberals are pathetic. ridiculous
@USER Heard Jeff Hardy thought that the Stoneman Douglas victims were right and that gun control should be improved in the USA which pissed off Randy
@USER She is 18 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS Lots of info coming out today! patriots unite patriots fight wwg1wga grow the network make america great again keep america great the great awakening the storm is upon us the eye of the storm maga kag i love america hundred points United States eagle . http
@USER YAYYYYY LOVE you GUYS SM
@USER I am so sorry for what you are dealing with. Hope the next place will be much better! smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USER clapping hands light skin tone good job sarcasm . Also great they have gun control laws it is saving lives! More sarcasm .
@USERS Gunslinger Girl USA Gunslinger 2017-08-12 23 50 56 RETWEET if you think that Antifa is a domestic terrorist organization! Nou nou, wat een desinfo. 
 @USER His endorsement of Cindy Hyde Smith is a major disconnect. She's a former Democrat with a shady gun control past. 
+ i cannot talk to anyone so if i answered your message you are so special for me
@USER dear professor ford I want you to know that I have zero respect for you &amp your ANTIFA style attack on Kavanaugh. You thought you were going to drop a bomb with your face covered &amp blow up a good man's life. You have been exposed for the political hack that you are. Shame on you
@USERS Why did Feinstein NOT come forward with that letter 6 weeks ago then? No need then to question him way back then? you liberals are very funny. I am sure the me too movement appreciates the set back you all just gave it.
@USERS Scaramucci cashing in on The Donald. Taking those blue collar folks for every last penny. at the maga folks. Suckers.
@USER Agreed. Bring your dollar bills!
@USER This smells like another funding of George Soros. Follow the money yen banknote trail. That woman most likely never knew Judge Kavanaugh. liberals are running scared because The Judge has conservative Christians values. The man has an impeccable Portfolio. Finestine's a dirty politician
@USER Lokk at july 29 when I said Gordon would be cut for drugs and you called me a dipshit.
@USER You are such a generous gal! Bringing STEAM and spending your time to give to others. Thank you for everything you do help this planet! red heart selector rocket 
 @USER side note I am always amazed when conservatives say Y'know America's X culture or institution or etc isn't perfect, but it is better than the entire rest of the world Like, really Tucker? You've examined every other justice system in the world and determined ours to be the best? 
@USER Fallon is a woosy
@USERS Who is this? She is truly a little goddess! two hearts 
@USERS We're so far beyond tax returns. This crap affects all Americans and liberals are too stupid to wake up and understand what's really going on. Step aside. The adults are here to do it.
@USERS Just do not go to Bank of America unless you are ready to prove that you are citizen every time you want to get your money out of your account.
@USER The UNHINGED REPUBLICAN PARTY I have a question why do you want the wall and not gun control in America when a illegal immigrant does something the UNHINGED REPUBLICAN PARTY talk about the wall but when a school shooting happens the UNHINGED REPUBLICAN PARTY is mute
@USERS ACHTUNG - it is today vote now being question by Hungarian -
@USER Beto is a joke
@USER Everyone knows Brown is crazy!
@USER She is seeing the world through her eyes you have to wonder what kind of life she has lead to be so hateful I feel sorry for her. if we want to show our worth we should be compassionate not start a witch hunt when you do that you are part of the problem not the solution
@USER http LOOK ST THIS BULLSHIT
@USER Antifa Rocker D
@USER How much you want to bet they spent these months staging this whole thing. Then announce the week of the voting so they could call for a delay just like they did an hour ago. Waiting to win in Nov to Stop it get OUT TO VOTE conservatives maga
@USERS http it is been widely reported. this is just one source. only those with a vested interest in the status quo would willfully ignore the issue.
@USERS How very white male republican of you. maga?
@USERSSame here. You got a follow. Great talk on my way home from work. Time to be the vampire and sleep during the day
@USER Now do gun control
@USER Oh my god face vomiting face vomiting face vomiting face vomiting 
@USER You are way to good at this
@USERS You mean like gun control policies to try to reduce school shootings? Or just ones that you like?
@USER How? Because they've been brainwashed by Obama and the media and they're full of hate for conservatives.
@USERS Funny. So then why do democrats and mainstream media figures see don lemon defend Antifa?
President Trump's order to declassify FISA docs and text messages just proves he is keeping his campaign promise and working to drain the swamp breaking fisa docs declassified deep state corruption politics maga
@USER what happened to your kids ? how are they still alive? you are a backstabber and a fraud
@USERS I'll bet if award shows trash Christians and conservatives even more their ratings will really bounce back.
@USERS Case and point society through mind manipulation is causing people to do horrendous things hurting weaker creatures is a sign of a deeply troubled individual but yet the left focuses more on gun control than on getting to the core of the mental health of the people
@USERS simply cannot accept failure. Former President Harry Truman he is not. Trump will always look to blame others.
@USERS Like unemployed LibLeft Antifa SJW parent basement dwellers.
@USER Personally I prefer my anti-fascism in the form of a non-Newtonian fluid. Oobleck antifa!
@USER was on fire a brutal match after long time Jeff lost was unexpected. Hope he is fine after the fall red heart selector face screaming in fear wwe hi ac
@USER deplorable s are resolved to maga http
@USERS Fuck this ! He acted like The father of the girl killed at Parkland was a bug. Instead of telling us how much he loves these girls he should tell them the truth that he really does not give a shit if they are killed by a crazy white guy with an AR 15!
@USER he is obviously a bitch
@USERS The are currently polling 6% Chuka. Khan will lose London to the Tories at next mayoral election. But that is the aim of the Blairite cosplaying Tories. Keep the Conservatives in power stop any real alternative to the Financial services 2nd British Empire gaining power. http
@USER I just know my family lives out west. Hard core conservatives. They love Bernier. All their friends love him. That is going to split the party. Alberta is huge PC block. Not my politics but you cannot choose family. face with rolling eyes 
@USERS Pretty much! You do not even have to say anything.just wear a MAGA hat!
@USERS You are so correct the Democratic party for slavery and pro-nazi gun control
@USER Also he supports antifa
@USERS Just another tool in my toolbox. it is an inanimate object unless I animate it. it is not gun control we need it is mental health control! http
@USERS So you are content to let the Government control your life?
@USERS rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy purple heart you are playing waaaay too rough here. skull I cannot stop stop sign laughing face with tears of joy thank you
@USER Looks like he is in the middle of shitting his pants. Must have ate one booger too many.
@USER we the people do not want any gun control legislation. It is against the Constitution.
 @USER She is watches her move around so little to 
@USERS To the view all the persons involves in the show- please you are better than this to have self promoting stripper on with her lawyer please don t lower your standards ! 
@USER Exactly but smelling good is a must for me. Now if he get a NEW cologne then we talkin.
@USER As clear as the mud UKGov are dumping off Swansea. Corbyn offers no solutions &amp no answers . being non-committal on everything &amp hoping 'not being the conservatives' will get him elected. Westminster politics &amp Government have degenerated so much its no longer fit for purpose.
@USER Conspiracy theories abound.
@USER you are right. They seemed pretty tuned into your conspiracy with Russia. maga trump lies
@USERSdo not understand your logic. Anyways this is going nowhere. This to me is not acceptable. Maybe you are ok with it. http
@USERS Oh yeah do you? Trust me give it 3 weeks and you will be begging for Jameis. Fitzmagic turns fitztragic QUICK. I am a jets fan take my word and thebills word he is fools gold
@USER I know! So upsetting loudly crying face face with tears of joy 
@USERS Love her she is beautiful revolving hearts sparkling heart two hearts purple heart yellow heart beating heart green heart 
@USER You still have not addressed your solution to make schools safer.you just preach more gun control.what are your solutions?
@USERS Investigation reveals it is highly probable it is an ISIS attack. Worst case scenario a joint ISIS-Antifa attack
@USER Did you know that if you are awesome enough to get a Cherry Cola tattoo you are entitled to a drink on the house at Cherry's for life?! cherries rolling on the floor laughing tropical drink http
@USERS How about yours Chaplain. Liberals are fools.
@USER And again you are proving. your a dog!
 President Trump's economy is the rising tide that is lifting all boats. This is especially true for Hispanics who were among the biggest victims of the low-growth, high-regulation economy under Obama Hispanics flourishing in Trump economy http vote red maga
@USER What's that GIF called?
@USER You are so beautiful
@USERS Also he is not even ACCUSED of rape.
.@USER just read that flaming pile of garbage you wrote and the National Review calls an article. Why are liberals losing their minds when the President is being investigated for collusion with a foreign Government?! Why is he nominating ANYONE for a Supreme Court appointment?
@USER think it is disgusting more money is being spent in my opinion they need to look closer to home wear she is
@USERSAntifa constantly lies and. http
@USER He is irrelevant
@USER happyHappy birthday Missy! red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes http
@USERS Awewww you falling for back up after blocking people face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy end of days my man their all going down this is day one give me a month and we will strip the fascist antifa and mugs like you of all secrecy
@USERS I feel her emotion and almost cry when watch her saying in this film for 2nd time. She is strong
@USERS They are both governmental issues. This lady is mad that the Government uses a portion of taxes to support planned parenthood which offers abortions. I said if she is really pro life then stop supporting the taxes that help Israel kill Palestinians. Kills school children
@USER She is the reason I am getting my life together 
@USERS She is correct. Corbyn and McDonald would be just like the old government-linked company under J Mc.
@USER Remember him defending Antifa? I 'member
&amp until now my granny is still kinda mean at times. she's a very nice person to be honest but a bit mean. ummm maybe that is how she is.
@USER That food you made was so mf good. THANK YOU! loudly crying face 
@USER Disgusting of the Dallas PD to try and find any reason to try and drag this man through the mud just say they can save one of their own when she is 100% in the wrong
@USERS Oh please EVERY network is reporting this. This is bullshit obviously but stop pretending it is just fox. Your political bigotry is showing.
@USER Antifa I guess
@USER Now that is what I call gun control! winking face 
 @USER I am tired off that piss poor excuse from conservatives which is pretty much synonymous with bigot nowadays. it is not fear they feel, it is shame. The same shame all hypocrites feel. 
@USERS I was thinking 2 from antifa n 2 from the nazi type ideology. Wont argue though. 
@USERS A few steps to pivot away from China - TPP TRUMP Pacific Partnership! - Tell US companies to offshore to other countries - Ban products from China that include stolen Intellectual Property - No disclosing IP to do business in China maga 
@USER Those idiots are fringe right. They are hated by most conservatives.
@USERS Be careful. you know the terrorist arm of the antifa is going to show up an try something.
@USERS Hey Mary, did you see this on your profile followed by no one you know Twitter trying to keep conservatives from connecting. stop the bias http 
@USER bitch what do you mean? Get It by Pristin? no?
@USERS You Cut it early or you would have heard their complaints. shaking my head
&gt &gt &gt ---&gt Simcoe mountain range she is Bruin BUSTING.#BearDown hunting http
@USERS Just imagine if the two million spent on the security for the next royal wedding were allocated elsewhere
sadiq khan t says me must remember children in war zones Does this include london Mr mayor Your balloon had more substance than you! mayor of london maga mb ga mega mcga conservatives patriots http
@USER You are so welcome! I know I just speak what every one is thinking! it is a good meeting place for us all! red heart selector 
 @USER it is amusing and sickening to watch these scientists twist themselves into knots to justify their gun control agenda. gun sense is dishonest, through and through. 
@USER It is a cult! I pointed that out to my brother. He has over 500 FB followers who love to talk hate and bash liberals. I referred to them as his right-wing cult!
@USER She's brilliant. You are not.
@USERS 'Fake News' is term used RATHER than the word DECEPTION! maga walk away red tsunami
@USER She is loudly crying face 
5- Most epic moment in 3 sentences GRAAAWRL WYVERN FOR BREAKFAST GUYS! YOU ARE SO DUMB THE HEALER HAS TO BABYSIT YOU AND FIRE THIS SHIT TRY OF A DRAGON BECAUSE OF YOUR FOOLISHNESS also we need to bury the half body of our tank and try to get out his other half from its stomach http
@USER Liberals are trying to destroy all conservative men. Time to criminally charge and jail these liars that try to destroy a man.
@USER You do remember 2 weeks ago the coach for the Maryland terps football squad. I am sure his parents thought the same thing coach was a Capricorn you Dick head. You are in competent Stephen a Smith
@USER henry is so fucking great and was def my sickkids in love inspo and i love him and his death is a PROBLEM
 Judicial Watch Sues for Records of FBI 302 Interviews with Demoted Justice Department Official Bruce Ohr http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER He is a lying stack of shit too.
Fighting the lies with one letter. q q a non q army maga we the people follow the white rabbit wwg1wga spy gate red wave rising enough is enough walk away propaganda http
@USER I cannot because that nigga retarded shaking my head
@USERS I'd point out he is an Australian and we do not have free speech like in the US. And we do have hate speech laws which people have been convicted under. This is skirts it enough to hint and point out but room to deny.
@USERS Another example of the when they go low we go high lying liberals. Conservatives are experts at enduring their escapades and voting the right person in anyway. This is so predictable now it is like a dance.
@USER musical note da na na na musical note you found josh's sex life.
@USER Amazing that the Dems are always the ones who hear the whistle.
@USERS because he is coming you brother! 
@USER uhh. He is so cute. I do not know what it is about a strong man's man I luv. . Especially that can fight. I guess because I had to grow up being able to hold mines being so short to the point you do not have to worry about fighting anymore.
@USER The black helmets would have been hotter
@USERS can go straight the crapper. I'll never support another team again.
@USER He is so cute!
@USER He is always looking out
@USERS I hear he is having an MEI on his knee due to the pressure exerted. 
@USERS I bet more gun control is your answer.
@USERSAnd Trump fans are bullies! Antifa ? Steve Scalise ? Resists Movement ? You need to get off CNN and MSNBC
@USER And the last one when she is with herself. The truest personality.
@USER Sure - but lots of folk aren't actually liberals but do want a sensible Tory or Labour party to vote for. They're not well served by our political system atm
@USERS Thank you first lady for your service to the USA and putting up with the vile liberal hoard everyday. You are a true patriot maga
@USER Documents must be getting close to this crook.
@USER He should be removed with the rest of the islamic invaders.
@USERSFollowing all! United States 
@USERS Now we just need antifa outside when they confirm kavanaugh
@USERS I am expecting a video from 
@USER You are a bitter hateful woman who is ruining herself. http
 @USER Democrats want more gun control. I say go to the range and practice,. you will get better. nra maga http 
@USERS What color is the sky in your world? I've never seen a group of people so utterly delusional &amp in denial as liberals since Trump won. You guys need to just get over it! And sorry! There simply was no russia collusion liberalism is a mental disorder fisa gate deep state is real
@USER God I hope not
@USERS Especially after liberals were found buying and bribing for a no vote in kavanaugh. 
@USERS I love both of you but more jennifer as she is my first crush and love
@USER God speed Bandit http
@USERS His paycheck will hurt her feelings face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS I would say you have a serious case of bias. Have you seen the handiwork of ANTIFA ? Have you seen the Dems like Maxine Waters calling for Trump officials to be harassed then laughing about it. I could go on. Are you kidding me?
@USERS Portugal fluked their way through 2 penalty shoot outs and CR did not play the final
@USER Got to love the future of the democratic party though.
@USER Thank you President Trump! MAGA! United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector 
@USER Not here . maga United States folded hands United States wwg1wga United States oncoming fist United States 
@USERS Gun control and divorce though
@USERS And we met him in the Rain oh my god he is such an amazing person
@USERS I trust him a lot more than the armchair quarterbacks on Twitter. He makes mistakes because he is human. But he is one of the five best managers in the game today.
@USERS he is on the island dummy
@USERS Illinois strict ass gun control let's only the thugs and gang bangers have the guns which means a lot more violence
@USER Right.? Total OCD right there Yeah.totally going to floss that sucker off.
@USERS G'day Monique, your son is very handsome. I guess he is going to follow Mom's foot steps and become a Forest Pathologist ! rose rose rose 
@USERS WHAT? -Are you forgetting Steve Scalise being shot by a left wing nut job? -the pillars of society known as ANTIFA who beat people with chains and destroy property? -ur de-funk speaker Maxine Waters calling for chaos Etc only 280 chars Watch something beside &amp learn truth
michael che THIS GUY thunks only White Repubs &amp crackheads Thank Jesus Guess you do not like Christian's money do you buddy?! Good luck Mike trying to have a lavish style off the backs of liberals face with tears of joy face with tears of joy http @USER thumbs down medium-light skin tone 
@USER Another falsehood. I do not think anyone wants to abolish the 2nd Amendment. A growing majority want sensible gun control in the form of better background checks and the banning of assault rifles. Trump will say and do anything to rile his base. More snake oil.
@USER Congratulations to our Great American President. We will be doing great things together! MAGA I-Q-2 WWG1WGA
@USER God help us!
@USERS Really? it is been the Dems that have been behind all violence from mass murderers to confrontations to antifa. Wake up
@USER Good news. I hope their advertisers are getting free ad space.
@USER that is it throw race into it again. Did you forget what happened to all the WHITE WOMEN who accused Bill Clinton of sexual allegations. The Liberal Democrats rallied around him. Liberals are the most disgusting disgraceful human beings that God created
@USER You meant to say for yourself. Now is it time to talk about gun control?
@USER Ask him what he is protesting. Certain it will be a convoluted answer.
@USER Get that boy a pie! Stat!
Kanye been cancel the moment he said slavery a choice and rock a maga hat I am with snoop
@USERS You are sick in the head. This man lost his daughter.
conservatives left frustrated as congress passes big spending bills. t cot http
levi strauss ceo takes a side on gun control ' it is inevitable that we're going to alienate some consumers' http http
@USERS Fuck if I fry with no money imagine if there was
@USERS I wonder if the Liberals realize how much the jihadis despise them? Probably not.
@USER Aj nahin to kal tum ko bi marna hy you are bad thinking
@USER Playing dirty is the only way liberals can win at this point. They are shameless.
@USER I cannot believe he did not work in comet pizza. Now that Alex Jones is muted these conservatives are so lost.
@USER This is rich coming from the spokesperson of an organization that blocks EVERY commonsense gun control bill. EVERY ONE
@USER One thing is for sure.we know she did not write the op-ed as she is dumber than a bucket of rocks.
@USER She is very cute so she can get away with this
@USERS I would love to see how those circles would align with pro-life people who are against gun control and affordable health care. cognitive dissonance
@USERSthat is why he is a billionaire and you are not.sorry Romeo your words do not add up.
@USER Frenkenstien needs to pay every dime back.she has stolen from the American people. She is a disgrace to the Senate and the people.
@USER What a joke.
mru in the media Liberal MP crosses floor to join conservatives via @USER cdn poli http
@USER Once again if you look at the timeline the only ones who are so proud of her is liberal or white liberals. Like I tell my Hispanic community when you see liberals offended for minorities becareful these people are not your friend.
@USER you are the Mexican Venus
 @USER on a scale from 1 to 10, how much did you laugh to There is no excuse besides that he is just plain shit ? 
 John Kerry Should be Made to Answer for His Meetings in Iran http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS The fact that Newsweek no longer tries to give both sides of the story but instead only gives the side of antifa far left liberals and their gods in the deep state panic Take a look at Newsweek's circulation they do not even have enough readers to put out a print edition anymore
@USERS I let it go when you said We can take away their ammo when talking about gun control. I said, maybe she just blurted that out, did not mean it. But you are proving to be a leftist. that is fine, I can still like you, but I do not TRUST you anymore. 
@USERS Then what is gun control?
@USER doing pretty good hope you are well my friend tough season for both teams but it happens
@USERS So you are defending antifa? Is that your stance?
@USERS Remember when republicans destroyed Merrill Garlands career? NO- neither do I! Only Dems - liberals can not tolerate views they disagree with. ANTIFA-great example!
 @USER How about he start some get informed classes for his uninformed players. 
@USERS Here's a pic then down arrow selector Now not so much. Plus nike Then down arrow selector Now not so much. http
@USER he is a liar
@USER A blue wave of hysterical violence bluewave of violence
@USERS Hollywood and media make jokes about Jesus and Christians and think that is hilarious but turn every innocent joke conservatives tell in to an outrage. Typical of reprobates.
@USER Would you resign with the boys? Just curious and honest question have you gained any perspective of why yall parted ways? Being serious because you are a BAD positive receiver!
@USER Legit just 'd. Shit is funny asf
 @USER people still trying to use the alt-right tag as a blanket statement on people that are in NO WAY associated with alt-right ? Another reminder The PBs exist because of the violent antifa Yet antifa has MANY accounts on Twitter. 
@USERS Then we'll be talking about gun control! winking face 
@USER BETO running HARD left - open borders - aggressive gun control - socialise medicine - raising taxes. Dem turnout up 100% in primary's 500k to 1 mil and is outraising Cruz. Though Texas had 1.5m REP turnout.must show up and vote in November. do not assume your neighbor will do it
@USER Thank you for letting us know how you are.
@USERS when it comes to gun control in order to make all of America happy remove all gun list from conservatives. Then take all the guns from card toting Democrats. that way everybody is happy. Everybody is safe
@USER Cough Nicky Haley 
@USER Fuck yeah!
@USERS Wasn't the organizer of the rally that killed someone it was someone that showed up just like the people that show up to antifa and black lives matter rallies cause violence and rioting everywhere they go
@USER You are certainly one amazing hot gorgeous stunning sexy flawless woman. Wow!
@USER he is probably referring to the fact that we started with Henderson who's is apparently shit and Sturridge who was apparently finished years ago. I mean like how could we possibly win with those two on the field. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS You are lying again! The public does not trust you anymore!
@USER Either she is misinformed or has no shame. I am going with she has no shame.
@USER Another overdose nigga 
@USER At least your tombstone will have few letters . rip mam pm
@USERS An airplane you say.no woman falls in love with you when you are a trek star.
@USER as Libertarian all this shows me is how ugly and divisive the two party system is. Liberals are actually a lot uglier. All straight men need to leave the Democratic party. A party of men hatred. Leave!
@USERS Great book by Leo Zagami, Pope Francis, the Last Pope? details the breathtaking corruption and evil forces that have been controlling the Vatican for decades. 
@USER I hate him I am so fucking sorry
@USERS I can just hear the trumpsters now crowing that we liberals loved Jane Fonda and supported draft dodgers. I grew up in those times. I was against the war but knew Fonda had gone too far and was wrong. I supported those who burned their draft cards AND those who served.
@USER Myyy nigga raised fist medium-dark skin tone 
@USER He is saaaaaaadd face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy http
@USERS Lindsey. Sean Hannity talks to an echo chamber simply to hear himself. He is not a journalist but a news pundit with his own weird conspiratorial agenda supported by well crafted partial facts aimed at a very narrow audience. He really is a laughable fool for Trump.
@USER So basically you are now preaching what they religious end of world people have been doing. Congrats
@USER There is a full-blown coup d'etat going on between the Deep State and the Liberals for everything they can do to try and get Trump out of power and it is absolutely ridiculous and should be against the law
@USERS Come on you can do better. This has nothing to do with your Agents. Any subscriber with cash can sell or buy cash at whatever rate. You are just a conduit. Its the Law of Demand and Supply at play.
@USER Looks like the Democrats are on the right side of history. Conservatives are always wrong. Prove otherwise upper east side Buck. Have you ever eaten in an Applebee's?
@USER because what every lie you are telling if it happened when you were children the guy is a man and I clearly do not believe shit like that happened. Its just another stall tactic by the liberals.
@USERS Me thinks you are full of shit.
@USER A political novice has outshined all of you corrupt establishment politicians. We voted for him because he cannot be bought. Soros can afford it.
@USERS and you need to find this lady! Do your thing. She is a terrorist waiting to strike. http
@USERS And as white as antifa. the ones you've seen 
rss reaches out Now its open to everyone who really is intolerant. Shame on these Psuedo liberals
@USERSGood luck to you. thumbs up 
@USERS Whose twitter interest start with food- is he even worthy of responding unless he is a Professor of Nutrition or Food Technology?
@USERS If this yutz was any dumber she'd have to be watered twice a week!
@USERS Hey The Valley Guy - Thanks for the comment - your right on the mark - Just hope the Liberals &amp get serious about Reversing Global Warming &amp Climate Change - Get with the real issue of Saving our Planet &amp Life Itself - Note 
hollywood is filled with satanists and pedo s you have the nerve to Mock jesus and conservatives See you lowlifes on the unemployment line! http
@USERS why rw preaches racism rw luciferian cult I keep saying and its not simply rhetoric. These people are not by ANY Bible definition CHRISTIAN anymore than the Christian CONservatives who attended public lynchings of blacks often held as public spectacles on Sunday after Church http 
@USERS is behind this. She is eating up profits. They must have their h1b!
@USERS Antifa calling out nazis is the pot calling kettle black.
@USER He has hit 20HR the past two years. He had it figured out but never got the playing time in STL. I heard from his supporters on here that is a notorious slow starter. He is going to be the starting CF next season.
@USER people are tired of the virtue signaling from wealthy liberals who never and never will know the struggles of the average American.
@USER I think the FBI should do the original interview. They scare people more than feckless congress that will have to handle her with kids gloves or be demonized in media and left. Put her under oath and attempt to get the truth. She will be protected by liberals in congress
@USERS Something do not seem right about this all year long massive shootings and talk about gun control makes me think the Government is behind this crap http
.Conservatives and Twitter.oxymoron thinking face http
@USER If he is lucky
@USER He is BAFOONICUS !
@USERS Like how the NRA is biased against gun control. exploding head 
@USERS Never going to happen. Not in a million years. Not unless Soros hires a bunch of Antifa punks to pretend to be vets.
@USER Jose Ramirez because he is doing it all stealing hitting for average hitting Homer's doubles and playing good defense and definitely Blake Snell for Cy Young just look at his numbers hes like the Jacob DeGrom of the AL
@USERS She is way beyond stunning. give the word stunning a whole new meaning . q q a non maga q army wwg1wga
@USERS I am not liking the direction he is going in. He needs to make happy couples and have happiness in their lives.
@USER Good morning. You are welcome.
@USERS Who in the hell does she think she is? Acussed does not mean guilty! A women accused a man. That man judge kavanaugh has a voice and has a right to clear his name! She needs to zip it
@USERS The liberals
@USERS No, you moved the goalposts from libs - a group that includes BLM, which actually has burned down neighborhoods - to Antifa specifically, which has only merely attempted to. And if you cannot point to conservative groups burning down neighborhoods like BLM has or attempting - 
@USERS Today Collins is back with another excuse to vote yes. it is all disgusting. Every GOP rep can see what he is. They won't stop working against the common man. 
@USER Good luck with that!
@USER Good shit
@USER Anyone else think she is a lying opportunist? Yeah.#metoo
@USER These you are too young responses are condescending as fuck. Personally I have no issue w or wire coat hangers being used to protest b or because god forbid women do not have access to safe abortion some may try any method to attempt a termination.esp teen girls
@USER SHE did not SPEAK PARIS oh my god I cannot BREATHE
@USER Bullshit. people died because of an incompetent Government in Puerto Rico. And you can start with that mayor. Stop lying Gutierrez.
@USERS CHRISTINE FORD IS now saying she is not 100 Percent sure it was Kavanaugh. You better know for sure. do not waste the American peoples time if you are not sure of your charges. Th Senate committee will ask you very probing questions you need to answer.
@USERS Are there no news about Trudeau and our Government you can cover? Oh.I forget that you r a propaganda machine for the left n d Liberals.
@USER is really THAT bitch wow
@USERS oh my god! She is perfect!
@USERS agreed fuck that guy
11 or 21 Political Corruption Texans Among liberals and conservs, R's and D's, large majorities favor limits on campaign spending and say the high cost of campaigning discourages many good candidates from running for president. be to for senate http
@USER She's not trying to be a better person she is just trying to save herself from all the horrible things she did!
@USERS I dimly remember an Econ theory that might apply to Chicago. What was it? Guns and butt-hurt? 
@USERS Whataboutism is yet another made up word used by liberals to attempt to deflect criticism of their own ridiculous hypocrisy. 
@USERS I know this is most likely a fake profile set up 2 get conservatives unhinged so this nut can report them. Just had 2 get that off my chest!
@USERS America is being destroyed by our President. he is a cancer to democracy. That is what is sad
@USER What wrong in criticising Muslims seeing as they do it the British people and get away with while we brits get labelled racist and fascism blame it on the liberals for letting it happen.
@USER Your right. 2nd amendment allows liberals to have guns as well. Liberia Liberia Liberia Liberia Liberia Liberia Liberia Liberia 
@USER Right. Punish the GOP because of two cucks. that is the ticket to getting more conservatives out there.
@USER Alex this is so fuckin beautiful
@USERS I am sure she's worried. Give me a break. Dana is doing a job. You know where you make a living and pay for your own Healthcare etc. You dirt bags that do not even shower crying about gun control should try it.
@USER Billy bargain thumbs up 
@USERS 100%. The death threats thing is disgusting. The party of family values says ANTIFA are so dangerous or any resistance group. Has Kavanaugh and family had death threats? Inquiring minds want to know.
@USER I know she is very good friends with Siobhan and the two CLP's help each other a lot I imagine. It would seem she has upset a lot of people in her constituency?
 @USER The 1st word Rian Johnson used is regret , and he asked about fear. So Rian Johnson must have thought of these 2 emotions for Ben . I conclude that Ben regrets that Rey did not accept his offre and fears to be alone and that she does not love him as he does face savoring food #Reylo 
@USERS Hi Amy.your book is on my read list.thanks for speaking out Hope you are doing well slightly smiling face 
@USER My pleasure! Thank you for following back slightly smiling face because cot maga walk away voted emsout2018 trumps army
@USERS double exclamation mark selector WE THE people WILL DEFEAT YOU double exclamation mark selector maga m saga MakeSouthAfricaGreatAgain http http
@USERS Bit of a celebrity face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy my Ass!
@USER Even Antifa are mocking him now face with tears of joy 
@USER Everyone is at home taking a knee to the NFL.
@USERS If Isaac is 6'7 now how fucking tall is that guy behind you my dude 
british politics on br exit and in general start to look like one gigantic benny hill episode may boris johnson br exit e ers corbyn chequers conservatives all my sympathies to fb pe peoples vote
@USER Kamala Harris speaks to those she disagrees with in a condescending fashion that I find gutter like! I want to snatch her bald headed routinely! She is so full of herself and is very unbecoming! angry face pouting face face with symbols on mouth face with steam from nose 
@USERS So I am not sure she is a woman for one mostly men throw out insults like that to each other or mean ugly feminist cat women with penis envy
 @USER Prime example of why the Walk Away movement was born. Democrats are nothing but sleezy liars. All decent people that were Democrats will not stand behind tactics like ANTIFA and destroying people's lives for political reasons. I was a Democrat for 30 years and I walked away. 
@USER You like players based on where they line up on offense? Of course we used him as a returner and receiver der that is what he is. and yes indeed he lined up at RB I am glad that made you a fan of his I am sorry you expect everyone who responds to you to agree
@USER BCasconnectttt!
@USER poor triggered snowflake. maga
@USER He is one crazy person
@USER Amen. He is.
@USER He represents the same 1% all other conservatives represent.
@USERS . writes this vile garbage then she points to the comments and goes on talking about those mean Liberals were picking on me. They always play the victim card after they bully someone. Hannity does this a LOT!
@USER We need Gun Control Now. We have had too many mass shootings in this country. Thank you President Clinton for leading the way in this. it is great to have real leadership
@USERS Besides the Liberals.
ANTIFA Scumbag Trying To Explain Why Trump Is To A Black Trump Supporter Pr top buzz http
@USERS This is stalker level crazy. I haven't read anything she has posted where she is claiming to be the person in the avi. She did however tell you who was in the avi. Also your @ &amp tag is the name of a woman who's been dead since 2003. http
@USER Conservatives the trailer trash party of Canada.
@USERSExactly. From what he is describing it is like two steps forward and three steps back.
@USERS lp first time HE is comingggg
@USERS it is ashame that REPUBLICAN PARTY do not do anything about gun control after all these people have been killed for no reason it is ashame that REPUBLICAN PARTY do not do anything about cop killing the REPUBLICANS are trying to distract AMERICA
@USER I shit you not. this was it for most of that year. I literally do not have the patience to sit and play game na http
@USERS Kwasia does ur Shatta Wale even have a career to start with . Idiot.his reign album hype seff Dey zero . As if he is not about to release an album face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy man facepalming medium-light skin tone man facepalming medium-light skin tone hype no yh vim zero
@USER Words cannot express just how valid you are.
@USERS You are a fool. Denying ones free speech is deny all of our free speech.
@USER Why only a fact-checking tweet for a Democrat? I would expect these tweets for all political candidates? Or does the AP only do this for Liberals?
@USERS Breitbart Who the hero? it is sure NOT 
@USERS Rivera is shit. He is the last one left. Our problems run through him. The day we fire the better off we will be
@USERS worry about college. Your 15 min of fame is over and you have no clue.
@USER I am calling it now he is still Superman but not for a long time. I think WB is letting him do his own thing and down the road they're going to gear up for Man of Steel 2.
@USERS Its unfortunately not as cut and dry as all that. Gun laws vary per state. Even cities. Compare Chicago that has extreme gun control with New York that has almost the same level. Yet Chicago has horrible gun crime and NY not to that extent? Criminals are the problem.
@USER he is so yesterday
@USER What about the other to girls was that sinnfeinn fault as well oh right it is only the ex hard line republic you are interested in she is the only victim because she would do aunt thing to bad mouth sinnfeinn shame on you
@USERS Love watching replays of election night 2016. And watch the media completely m let down.
@USERS Two words Gun Control
@USER I am that nigger no lie
@USER Inviting war criminals to Canada is what Parliament does when ever its requested by British military intelligence. I bet they told our Parliament to take in this latest batch of war criminals. You vote for this treason Omar http
@USER She is adorable
@USER Dang do his NC fans that pay the salaries know this shushing face shushing face rolling on the floor laughing winking face with tongue winking face with tongue winking face with tongue 
gun control bullet control California Tries New Tack on Gun Violence Bullet Control via @USER http
@USER that is right he is well said.
@USER AWESOME clapping hands NEWS
@USER because'mon brah! Go finish your mother fucking apple cider beer and shut the fuck up! Adults are trying to have some fun on Twitter. middle finger medium skin tone face with tears of joy middle finger medium skin tone http
@USER She's a Liberal professor dog. Always spewing her hatred against us Conservatives. you are going to HELL with the rest of the Sleaze BAGS.
@USER Hope they bankrupt soon
@USER But we'll make it through this dark patch. History won't repeat itself. The evil of anti-Semitism cannot count on the indifference and complicity that once killed millions. The good people of the UK and Europe will stand up for each other. You are important here. 2 or 2
@USERS Strong character?.strong character? Anybody as bitter as she is for being a sore loser has no character!
@USERS Because he is a scummy human being.
@USERS Twitter or msn would not care if he did not have millions of followers. and main stream wants full control of everyone's brain. I am sure I am shadowed banned from saying this
@USERS nope that would be you
 @USER Glad I am off both teams - Michelle Obama and BET! 
@USERS Geez I hope British Labour is better than Australian Labor cannot see daylight between them &amp the Conservatives Neoliberal to a tee they say they aren't We'll see which way they go in December . http . Popularist at every turn - self interest! http
@USERS He is normalizing 
 stop sign Ntknetwork News stop sign backhand index pointing right 'Senate Set to Pass Bipartisan Bill to Combat Opioids' maga2a prolife http
@USERS He is such a con apparently finds are running low smirking face 
@USER He is right.
@USER I expect to see a lotta yetis wearing MAGA hats.
@USERS But then they add in MAVERICK who goes against every reason why they nerfed IQ who has been a player MOST of the player base do not USE. However because PL players who play this game religiously can use her. All of a sudden she is too OP for the whole community. thinking face thinking face 
 #guns 2a A Second Amendment Zone is Ridiculous. So Are Concealed Carry Laws Daily Utah Chronicle The latest installment of the nation's endless debate on gun control recently surfaced on the University of Utah campus. A g http http 
@USERS Or like blm and liberals over the past couple of years
@USER He needs to butt out
@USER I am sure you are missing the irony here as does Bojan .
@USER I still want yo know when you are doing stairway to heaven. rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER Where is boy wonder on gun control?
@USER Why would he order Cohen to print more money? it is amazing how bad you are at this. Or are you just dishonest and purposefully spreading fake news?
@USERS that is funny she says she is a mental health counselor yet has displayed the actions of a complete paranoid phycho!
@USER She is so dumb and clueless! Pushing a pipe dream. What fools they are that put her in office. Sad! foxnews socialism sucks
@USER You would do well in Austin. Very blue. you are as likely to find Wiccan folks as super conservatives.
 @USER This because is back? Liberals are shortsighted aka stupid. Crying Wolf is a favor to all of those past and future victims of rape and assault? Like I said, stupid. 
@USER Caribbros please fix oroshimaru he is broken he teleports and he can spawn a lot of snakes but players can only spawn one thing how are we onna beat him if he is so broken and glitchy! pouting face pouting face 
@USER It amazes me how much in synch you are with the man who commuted your prison sentence. it is no wonder that you like each other.
@USERS Liberals have never been able to grasp consequences.your example is the perfect response.he will probably still be unable to understand it though.
@USERS I love the insights into a culture and a world I knew nothing about and I am able to relate to the characters who are unique in crime fiction.
@USERS on What-Platform thinking face is Fundamentally-Restoring-AMERICA face with steam from nose fire folded hands Speaker will Konk- you on Ur-LameBrain w or Gavel angry face 
@USER Carrey is a sick man!
@USER Nahhh you are!
@USERS Then do something about gun control laws.
@USERS UNDERSTOOD, Sir! Nation HUNKERED DOWN in our COMMITMENT 2 help you maga in your God given STABLE GENIUS words Till The Bitter End . God speed Tziyon, Shalom! Con musica, Lucho, Latin Jazz Vocalist&amp Composer 
@USER And we I will salute Jim Carey by boycotting his movies and media! middle finger 
@USER Eric Holder.Globalist Evil personified.
@USERS She is a lying leftist!
@USER What death threats? Antifa is not sitting outside her house like they have with Republicans. Why did she scrub all her social media?
@USER Gutierrez you are such a liar that is all you guys are good for
@USER God is so good!
@USERS REMEMBER THE LIBERALS FOUGHT FOR OUR FREEDOM THE CONSERVATIVES SIDED WITH THE BRITISH.! 
@USER Hi sexy
@USERS Of course he will not. He is a strong supporter of ANTIFA and BLM.
@USER Good Lird she is a disgusting representation of a human being
@USER It really is. My abs are lot more defined but I miss lifting heavy ass weight. Thank you girl!
@USER Nigga you are about to lose
@USERSHe is Romanian?
@USER Fuckin love king tulip
@USERS ! You call this courage ? Courageous act will be she tearing apart say Quran and then you claiming she is your kind of woman . Majority of Hindus still do not get offended by such acts no matter what MSM is showing these days
@USERS Yes, American women are waiting.to be allowed to continue SLAUGHTERING babies. Mao, Stalin and Hitler all killed babies too. Liberals are pathetic, whiney, crooked, yet, say, we are for the children , except they slaughter babies! 
@USERS Uns connects fixolas ahha
@USERS The idea that capitalists like competition is a joke. Capitalists like nothing more than a Government-sanctioned monopoly on an essential public service if they did not then they'd spend less time lobbying the British Government.
@USER Limousine Liberals and Western Feminists have much in common but their mutual sanctimony stands out for all to see. http
@USER Maybe we do need gun control. Lefties can not handle the responsibility.
@USER he is got his wee fake tap fae Turkey on to prove how loyal he is.
@USER The American people are going to vote RED on November to save our country from the UNAMERICAN Dems &amp liberals!
@USER she is you aren't
@USERS unleashed ? No your Lowliness, it is the beginning on an exorcism against the evil in the Body of Christ known as the leaders of the Catholic Church. 
@USER Only got Woman anatomy model and connect crewneck weary face weary face weary face 
@USERS What if I told you there's a group in Israel &amp in America that has been controlling US foreign policiy for decades using spie lies &amp quasi blackmail schemes. would you believe me? maga america first The http
@USERS - Gun Control MGK DISS http via fucking new Em wouldn't let the shit slide he was playin wit da kid 
@USER He drew the saw because the marker was in his left hand which is connected to his right brain which is connected to his left eye which saw the saw. His right eye which is connected to his left brain saw the hammer. psyc1101
@USER He is gay. he is a sick pervert he gets on my nerves
. and liberals do . yea whatever! http
@USERS I want to see this corrupt bitch in Gitmo for her birthday http
@USER You are probably the best politician I've heard in a long while.wish you were in Illinois!
@USERSAnd Antifa idiots forced them to use their medicare to fix the broken parts of their body caused by Antifa. Requiring other people who do have kindness for others to pick up their wheelchairs they were thrown from and help them until the ambulance arrived.
@USER Anita Hill wasca liar then and she is a liar now.
@USERS I have a friend that is about an hour from Myrtle beach and she is scared to death folded hands light skin tone folded hands light skin tone folded hands light skin tone 
@USERS so you say. When you are older you may understand. What anyone believes is quite irrelevant--as you yourself are asserting.
@USER The interview is a very important part of the hiring process. And selling yourself may not come naturally. Make sure you are fully prepared http TN
@USER How to develop their competitive skills and social skills in Home Schooling.as my child too complain about bullying and unjust behaviour of teachers since she is super active.
97% of Americans want a form of gun control. 62% of Americans want the Government to protect the environment. 75% of Americans say immigration is a good thing &amp 100% of Americans believe that HotDogs belong in the crusts of pizzas &amp if the Italians do not like it they can suck it.
@USERS Spill the T sis hehe
@USER These are truly beautiful and unique.
@USER BUT MR. JOHN KERRY POTUS IS GETTING THE JOB DONE IN SPITE OF DEMOCRATS LIKE YOU WHO GROVELED TO THE IRANIAN MULLAH AND TRIED TO BUY HIM OFF WITH PALLETS OF CASH &amp RELEASING FROZEN FUNDS! YOU &amp OBAMA'S CROOKED DEAL HAS HELPED FUND TERRORISM WORLDWIDE! TAKE A WALK INTHE WOODS W or HRC
@USER According the gore hurricane hazel in 1955 was Trumps fault and all the typhoons cyclones and hurricanes are all Trumps fault And Trump colluded with God to defeat Hillary. All true!
@USER I hope he is safe
@USER But you are? Give me a break!
@USERS Or - and here's a thought - there is no vast web of conspiracy. Those who are in fact experts on the global economy just all happen to agree that Brexit will be a disaster. Just a thought.
@USER You are that mean ass cousin we all hate 
@USER Demi's od was because of Arianna Grande. You see how pretty she is?
@USERS We do know she belongs to the violent liberal Antifa party who w or their KKK HOODS beat up total strangers &amp are funded to do so by her party. Most violent &amp corrupt party trying to now pour on the tears &amp get us to believe they have a heart. Hard sell to anyone including voters!
@USER please follow me and those beliw thumbs up thumbs up United we stand divided we fall. Let's continue to help President Trump MAGA http
@USERS now you touched visa-mata's raw nerve by saying modi for 2019 that is why she may block you soon she is having wild or wet dream of being PM after modi fail to get full majority in 2019. please do not wake her up from her dream of bhajpaa getting 160 seat in 2014 
@USERS Yes because we simply MUST be politically. Heaven forbid we do not give the Liberals their due justice.
@USER Thank you. Yes she is.
@USERS He is not a Dalit or a Muslim no need to remember
@USER Liberals ruin everything.
ALL THIS IS BS. FORD IS LYING!This has everything to do with delaying the vote. maga confirm kavanaugh now potus http
@USERS do not forget this is Trumps fault. Just like how he is colluding to make the hurricanes worst. They forgot to tell us how this hurricane was also Trumps fault.
@USERS I was waiting on him to say the hokey pokey and they turn themselves around. Seriously what the heck.
@USER That was a little too curious
@USERS You should take this picture down you destroyed one of my all time favorite Comedian or Actors http
1 year today our founder sadly passed away. Mandy devoted her life to saving animals across the UK. We all hope she is looking down on us with a smile knowing we are continuing the work she started 20+ years ago. forever in our thoughts Mandy Leigh From all the staff &amp Trustees http
@USER Confident trump would never be elected.
10 Signs YOU Are a sales zombie man zombie selector http marketing sales retail style wednesday wisdom http
@USER He is on the Maintenance screen
@USERS He is hiding a child
@USERS As if Politically Correct Speech and gun control laws are not attacks on the Constitution! Your hypocrisy is showing.
@USERS Stop talkin about urself
@USERS Did advise Iran to do this since he is there go to guy?
@USERS that is hilarious! Try again. it is the liberals and their media lackeys that have done just that. winking face with tongue 
 @USER Bob dickbrain Woodward. I wish I were Ann Coulter. 
@USER Grover is antifa and keeps changing his appearance to hide from the Government. http
@USER Does anyone even care what these to useless pieces of sh&amp t say or think?
@USER she is beautiful looks like mona lisa
Constitution Day -- the Most Important Commemoration of 2018 http constitution day maga kag obama clinton deep state abuse of power spy gate witchhunt sedition treason
@USERS You are the 8 year old boy Trump fixed the disaster you and crooked and Barak left
@USER Go to la casa de las micheladas! They have some crazy ass ones!
@USERS Collins is not who she tries to make people believe she is.
@USERS Kyle long is fine. I bet he is just getting rest. Please at Brown over Sims.
@USER Breitbart must be hacked! Your headline says it all.
@USERS 100% agree. If we see him starting this year it is because Maxi goes cold. I hope he is a next year starter.
 .@USER found the average american by demographics. I found 118 things that the Average American agrees on, from Bill Gates to Gun Control to driving skills. http http 
@USER She is with stormy
@USERS he is so beautiful!
@USERS He is a man who allowed the wife of one of his coaches to be abused for years while he covered it up. AND threw everyone including his own wife under the bus to help himself when all of his lies he never thought anyone would know came out. He is a total pos
@USER He is a piece of work!
@USERS I so hope you are right!
A few things that happened to me in between ku f ball road wins -got married -had sex twice -got divorced
@USER Great she needs to be gone she is a low life
@USERS do not you offer mental health coverage for your reporters!?
@USERS Exterminated is a little harsh I agree with your first point whole heartedly. I remember being advised not to go onto ESA as the stress testing was harsh and I would be better off going onto the work program because I was not eligible for any benefits except housing benefit.
@USER Plenty of people work a full shift and still manage to find their way home correctly. This bullshit is not flying with the public.
@USER They only reason they believe her is because she's sabotaging kavanaughs chances of being a Supreme Court Justice. These elitists and radical liberals will do anything to sabotage Trumps presidency.
@USER that is cause she's got head wave at least 50 or so pounds and a couple inches or feet on her so it is okay. Not to mention Miley does not look the fighting type. I do not know if she is or not 
@USERS PANIC in DC Sessions or Huber having meetings. wwg1wga q a non maga walk awayURL
@USER Ohh shit frowning face with open mouth 
@USERS Liberals do not give a sh!t. They have no souls.
@USERSThanks Awake. Love you guys. woman raising hand selector United States red heart Following all Patriots.
@USERS See as he thick. A bad bitch.
 @USER You might as well go to your Walmart cashier to get info on nuclear fusion as go to nbc for gun info. With the crap the media feeds these empty brains it is no wonder we have gun control cultists and universal background checks gun sense gun control now gun control
@USER Fuck the wall. More American white or black men kill way more than any immigrant. Gun control would help way more.
@USERS I believe christine blase y ford however I assert that it will make not one jot of difference after Trump and recently Roy Moore the long ago chose to align themselves with misogyny and abuse. kavanaugh confirmation hearing is next step to the handmaids tale maga
@USER cannot say those words! Tweeter will come knocking
@USER elmo is antifa
@USER CA has always been blue and so have I. You do not seem to be doing very much except helping yourself. Like my neighbors you are a champagne socialist.
@USERS And not one bit of any of that has anything to do with Trump at all. - Liberals could care less who was responsible &amp that the majority of the indictments were people Potus never met that did things while Obama was asleep at the wheel. Facts do not matter to the left. 
@USER No he cannot because losss of service time during suspensions he is subject to waivers
@USERS Sensible gun control can only help. Mentally unstable people should not have guns. people with restraining orders should not have guns. No one needs a gun with a magazine more than 5-6 rounds unless the zombie apocalypse happens .
@USERS I believe ALL of this stuff is to bring in Gun Control. Gun Control equals to Disarming America.
@USERS They always get mad when they are losing money. United States 
@USER do not doubt a fat man
@USERS I guarantee you she is not going to allow herself to be put under oath.
@USER The reason you do not have a wife is because you are an ass.
@USERS A true ass statement right here
@USER Tell her that she is a leader!
@USER just despacito
@USER Grow a pair. M
@USER Twitter just banned the proud boys and Alex McGinnis! Antifa has not been banned yet they are classified as a terrorist organization. How can this be happening! You need to do something about this!
@USERS Glad to hear it Jacob! When? 
@USER Amazing how many people voted guilty before proven innocent. Lots of liberals are voting in this poll obviously.
@USER What an angry person she is rolling on the floor laughing http
@USERS Is this for real?
@USERSWe all had fun!Loved watching eyes light up w excitement when he used their names as they asked questions smiling face with heart-eyes Yes!He is talking to you! smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS Yes included. Smoothing reserve put in place as Conservatives knew next year and year after toughest in five year cycle. Predictions are proving to be correct.
@USER Dumb kid
@USER I am appalled that you are considering hosting a midget' wrestling spectacle. The word itself is offensive but an occasion like that will perpetuate the stereotypes around dwarfism and is hugely damaging to the dwarf community. Please think again.
@USERS Corey Booker try to finger blast my ass as a teenager. maga walk away http
@USERS Means nothing! Your always so dramatic and none of your promises ever come true not sure why I still follow you. I am starting to realize you are full of crap.
 collision Putting faces to the Deep State collision James O'Keefe of @USER Announces Deep State Investigation at the Gateway Eagle Forum. Fantastic! Looking forward to this beaming face with smiling eyes conspiracy no more patriots win trump treason the truth shall set us free maga wwg1wga http
@USER YOU ARE CUTER THA ME SHHHH
@USER All those poor conservatives going to be asking for Government handouts and relief.
@USER Rep Maxine Waters has been threatening violence on you the President and vise President. How come she is permitted to do this. Is the DOJ and Washington capital Police sleeping? Why are all democrats above the law? This is a crime! http
 6 or 7 .drunk 17-year-old tell us little about his character as 53-year-old, let alone about his competency as a jurist. But it seems a tad more likely that conservatives are merely clarifying, yet again, that LAW AND ORDER MEANS USING THE LAW TO REINFORCE A SOCIAL ORDER. 
@USERS Glad she is OK
@USER What do you expect? holly weeders aka Hollywood liberals
@USER 80 billion dollars and he is lazy. No. Its the puerto ricans that are lazy and corrupt. The US should cut PR loose entirely
@USERS is anti-gop. He is part of the Trump Party and he is hoping for a pardon for ripping off hard working Americans.
@USER Beautiful and sexy. smiling face with heart-eyes face blowing a kiss 
@USERS No I do not know that nor do you.in fact a claim like that is bullshit. Imagine if we had never enacted clean air regulations years ago in the you.S.but wait! YOU do not HAVE TO IMAGINE.just look at the air quality in China! that is what pisses me off about you conservatives
 @USER He wasn't really different with who he is now. Or probably Howard himself did not really know his son. He does not trust easily. You have to earn his trust before you can get to know the real him, I guess. Tony has, at all times, at least fifteen thoughts of varying -- 
 @USER I know you are here, and I do like you, a lot. But he is all I have left and I am not going to lose him. Not again. 
 10 But why? Do they hate us that much? Well yes and no. For the Leftists, yes they do. Why? Because they're Leftists, silly! You either get with their program and let them tell you what to do - or they hate you. With the formerly conservative conservatives - no. 
@USERS No she's not she is looking for a job by being controversal. She is very bitter
@USER Because conservatism is dying and they know it is. So they are going to try everything in their power to hold on to their perception of what America should look like despite the fact most Americans are more centralist-liberals.
@USERS I refuse to acknowledge the scampi nik nak. Nice and spicy obscures it through sheer brilliantness.
@USER Griffin thinks she is funny but she's not. She's a disgusting pig!
@USERS Classic Liberal projection. Accuse conservatives of what we do face with rolling eyes 
 #NowReading A human rights crisis via @USER http 
 @USER Regarding the story I think I am going to kill the president , why is it reporters never follow up on how a convicted felon could obtain, in this case, 6 guns? What's the police doing about, or would that bring light to the gun control issue? Bias? 
@USER A Whore MAYOR stealing the money and funded by Dems to bash Potus. what the fuck is the country doing with a 1960's power grid? God knows theres enough $$ to replace it.
@USERSFollow everyone on this tweet. We have to fight Twitter AND the Democrats!
@USER it is like saying you are pale! you live in the north pole! bitchass dipfuck
@USER No it is because you are a horrible person face vomiting face vomiting face vomiting face vomiting 
@USERS @ cooktragic This NOT good news for either Australian women or Palestine. It is ridiculous to pretend otherwise. Our only hope is his election is not successful! Or the abysmal history of women in LNP continues. He is not a gentleman. In our culture it is 'Ladies First'.
@USERS It'll be the lack of a range of good olive oil that will cause my mayhem
@USERS Even her brother thinks she is a monster http
@USER He hit the lotto
@USER This is incredible. She is being demeaned because she stood up for herself? I hope she knows she has many who support her and stand with her. She is an example for other women.
@USERS You love being on your knees.Your used to it Andy Vanderbilt! Stop being a hater and a liar when it comes to conservatives!
@USER Where is the gun control crowd now that illegal immigrants are waltzing into our country heavily armed
@USER I am still confounded and amazed the Antifa wing wants new speech restrictions as though some other AG who isn't a racist hack will be in charge of implementing in interpreting them. he is suing colleges for discriminating against white students w or Civil Rights law. because'mon.
@USER I should make a sam has new hair and she is fabulous sign that I have on my person for when we are together
@USER .while wearing his t shirt promoting gun control.
@USER She is allergic to chocolate frowning face selector 
@USER But where is Antifa going to shop now?
@USERS a left telling a right he is making everything political. too f'n funny!
@USER This is why women lose their credibility- she was empowered? Ohhhh Me too! These women and liberals have high-jacked the movement for women who really have been abused. Disgusting
@USER She is not wrong tho. Some Tunisians look like Italians
@USERS where's McKenna? She no longer using Twitter. Did she defect to the Conservatives?
@USER She isn't a radical but you are so far right you are Kemp. You refused to pay any attention to what the people of Georgia want and need. That will be your undoing.
@USERS I recall hearing Maxine Waters issue a summons for all people get up in the face of the Republicans and conservatives. Payback's a b ain't it?
@USER yeah and conservatives work in real industries like coal mines or oil rigs duhh
@USER And we have the right not to watch
@USERS USA Antifa are connecting with the Philippine's CPP-NPA and vice versa. President Duterte should be informed about this!
@USER He is the best! They ended them all.
@USERS He is talking about you big O.
@USER The Dems are campaigning on medicare-for-all and gun control. How are those falsehoods?
@USERS They had it rigged and had the media post those fake poles to try and discourage conservatives from even voting. Bombshell when the working conservatives got off work and went to vote! Ripped their poor NWO apart. Been crying and throwing tantrums ever since. Lies never stopped!
@USERS Liberals mock President Trumps skin color and decapitated his likeness. They also threaten his family. Even Baron.
@USERS So he is misogynistic cause his opinion is different? I guess that makes you a bigot!
@USER Antifa log tosser. http
@USERS He should just stick to sports but Liberals cannot help themselves.
@USERS HE IS SO GOOD and so is Titus Welliver as Jimmy O and he also responds whenever you tag him in stuff so I do not want to bug him
@USER HE IS THE BEST
@USER Death to Jeremy Corbin by any means necessary ! zany face thumbs up 
 Are the Cruz vs. O'Rourke Debates Ever Going to Happen? http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER and if you are in ANTIFA you are one of them shit for brains. Here worship your queen she needs her toe cheese licked out. http
@USER Does this guy even read the Bible? http
@USERS They are if you support gun control
@USERS do you know what flanking and muscle flashing is with an AR15? educate yourself and close that because k hol + r.you do not know why you r talking about pouting face pouting face pouting face pouting face 
@USERS Chuckle heads.
@USERS I agree he is very intelligent and I like the latest policy of a sovereign wealth fund - something I've long supported. But he just does not cut through. Someone like Jo Swinson would get the party more air time in my opinion.
@USER Disappointed in Taylor. Serena was wrong. do not use your gender to be disrespectful. Serena should apologize to the winner &amp ref
@USER Most definitely. I am not advocating playing either game. Just thinking aloud they might play earlier.
@USER they're abso shite quality tho
@USERS She is a master of twisting words. That is her greatest skill
@USERS Divert and defame.we voted him in to get things done.not b or because he is well mannered
@USER So Dissapointing. This guy is the biggest hypocrite in the country. Embarrassing that he is our Senator
@USERS She loves Sailor Moon so of course she is
4 forgiveness is useless she is trapped by trauma for 40y. Maybe if she lets go of her illusion of a perfect world where this cannot happen accept that she is the only one responsible of getting herself over this
@USERS He is a Senator and Trump is President. he is not wrong.
 @USER No prison time for you. you are going to get McCain-ed face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy death penalty treason pedo gate maga q a non
@USERS It sounds like Joe is channeling all conservatives who've been under attack by liberals all these years. Is this what they call transference?
@USER Sounds like a great ad for gun control
.it will be hard to believe any female accusers.ever again.especially liberals who lie for personal and political gain. http
@USER He needs that exact amount in hanging rope.
@USER Christians been thinking women lie SINCE EVE and the start of Christianity.Conservatives just give it legislative and judical teeth to oppress women in the modern age. kavanaugh kavanaugh confirmation me too http
@USER i love your voice. how do you get it to sound so sexy and strong? barbie dreams video
@USERS Sad that you are trying to pawn off another rich Right-Wing type in an age of increasing wealth disparity. A price gouging pharma executive at that. After Trump tried to gut healthcare with no real replace in that repeal &amp replace . it is a slap in the face. 
@USER Dude.what happened to you? messed up
@USER Ummm. You are one of those people that shouldn't be there. face with tears of joy 
@USERS Does your mom know you are on Twitter?
@USER I do not know you too well but that must be a fuckin delicious corn chip that someone misses dearly
@USER She is so damn cute! Def with the facial expressions
@USERS Well I just saw this and clicked on Bens link to see who he is and he has me blocked and I've never heard of him before.
@USERS Oh it is ok if they're liberals.hadn't you heard pouting face 
@USERS Yea right. I am from nyc and she's easy to read. Dumb and has a chameleon personality. Fits in everywhere because she is diff to diff people.
@USER When they're reviewing plays he is insufferable
@USER he is beyond moron.
@USERS Funny- Kerry should know! Right! Standing with our President thumbs up medium-light skin tone thumbs up medium-light skin tone thumbs up medium-light skin tone United States United States United States 
@USERS crushing a pc player with Kb or Mouse with controller in a FPS is unrealistic. Unless he is playing games for the first time or using keyboard mouse for the first time
@USER Its interesting to see the hypocrisy with these liberals when last year it was discovered that there was a Hush Fund for Congressional Sexual Scandals while working for the Government
@USER lying liberals as usual. Put a republican in charge down there and see how quickly things improve. hurricane maria pulled the veil off of liberals keeping people in poverty so they can stay in power promising a brighter day.
@USER Why would Kerry want to appear to be talking to the Iranians. There is no doubt he is trying to talk them into waiting out Trump. that is treason in my book to feel that you think you know better what the US policy should be than the US Government't. Promoting his book for personal gain!
@USER Not even close to what happened she is a liar and deflecting how idiotic her actions on the court looked
@USER I do not believe she's even getting death threats. Conservatives do not roll that way. Plus her &amp her attorneys bankroll is Soros
 Kavanaugh Accuser Christine Blasey Ford May Testify Before Senate Judiciary Committee http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER CONSERVATIVES ARE CREEPY COWARDS http
@USERS But again, these legal concepts have nothing to do with the need to regulate the purchase and possession of weapons, which is ALREADY regulated. We currently have gun control and restrictions on 2nd Amendment rights. Try to bring a gun into a courthouse. 
@USER NBC just does not get it! It has nothing to do with the day of the week or football. It has everything to do with the liberals looking down their noses at the American people. Their sanctimonious political remarks - laughing at those who do not think like them.
@USER You should do it
@USERS But . but . I was trying to get him to block me. The trans porn story was the perfect ammunition . but now it will never happen! face with open mouth anguished face slightly frowning face disappointed face crying face loudly crying face http
@USER Dam white slave owners
@USER you are so wise ily
@USER Who will abuse it the most liberals or RINOS?
@USER Gun control is a weak subject for him. Two hands please
@USER Oppression. We need to start a movement. Could be worse they could be Antifa dogs 
@USERS She is a waste if air. She needs to go.
@USERS Liberals have made it an art form. trough time spade suit selector 
@USER Kurt Liberals are obsessed with seeing the president's disgusting penis. They fantasize about being in the room with his horrible hog. sweating They cannot stop thinking about that mushroom-capped member. visibly erect 
@USERS How many backbenchers think it is workable? http
15 signs that say you are an entrepreneur Is this YOU? http smb http
@USER Antifa fight fascists. Are you defending fascists? BLM is sick of crooked cops murdering unarmed Black people. Are you defending killer cops?
 #Kavanaugh issues more detailed response, confirms the view that he deserves an opportunity to defend his reputation This is a completely false allegation. I have never done anything like what the accuser describes to her or to anyone. http 
@USER I accept your apology and you are excused
@USERS Come on! Even 35 years later and do not remember any actual details of the event? this is nothing but another liberal doing whatever it takes to stop a conservative. The real SHAME here is seeing what liberals will do to get their way. you should be the one that should feel ashamed
@USER me and my girl walked through San Francisco and I came up with a new game. Homeless or antifa. The homeless are so much more pleasant
@USERS shitt on Pitt - perfect for wiping the seat! http
@USER The Show Must Go On! We must have crazy liberals screaming and throwing a tantrum inside of that courtroom? If they let these same animals in as they did during the hearings this is just going to be another circus
@USER Too bad! Never liked him since I met him years ago! Very uppity but you see what goes up must come down! Never think you are too good for anything or anyone!
@USERS Unlike you I am not about that life victory hand ANTIFA equals to KKK
@USER Conservatives Are NOT his fan base have not been forever! Just trying to take out be to support and this is BS!
@USER She is PERFECT! revolving hearts two hearts revolving hearts Love you both!
.@USER I am breaking all the rules for running as a Democrat by speaking about sensible gun control. A woman at march for our lives told me how GA's lax gun laws allowed her daughter to kill herself before she could intervene &amp begged me to change the laws. We CAN win. http
@USER rest in peace comrade! antifa
@USER Glad you are at least safe! Sorry to hear about this whole mess confused face 
@USER Omfg. face with tears of joy 
@USERSWe've also written a post about 5 metrics to measure the success of your B2B podcast http
@USERS just saw your algae commercial blaming that is pretty rich considering you are the Government and have done zero zip and now you want to be Senator of FL.
@USER This is one of the soros contacts for antifa activists http
@USER Evil man. How would YOU know
@USER Oh that is racist. Big Lips or Big Butt or Big Nose. That does not even look like her. Also she is about 100 pounds to big. It also creates the image of the typical black woman with attitude. it is SO RACIST. http
@USER Just because his best stats season was at 34 does not mean he is the greatest pl midfielder rolling on the floor laughing fuck off
@USER Trump needs to move to Egypt as he is constantly in de Nile.
@USERS Chicago Tribune London Mayor Sadiq Khan And The Ties To Farrakhan He'd Rather Forget http via 
@USER GD I thought he lost his voice?
 @USER Suddenly BozoObama is NOT politician .&amp certainly NOT that HE &amp BillAyers &amp DISGRACED ErikHolder started Police brutality Antifa,BLM,OWS movements &amp did not fund our US military as B4 for 8 yrs,but GAVE WORLD SPONSER OF TERROR IRAN $170. bil. NOOO! not ol' ISIS-LOVER 'Bama. 
@USER dumb ass. wear a helmet next game
@USER it is going to suck with any rating. Venom without the Spiderman origin isn't really Venom. This is just a Sony cash grab.
Just imagine the tyranny we'd be living under had these leftwing tryants waging war on us and our duly elected president and the American Republic itself gained tyrannical control of the US Supreme Court the neocon's never trump crew was trying to deliver to them? maga United States 
@USER Help help liberals. sexual assaults with facts. where are You?
@USER But they promise free stuff from the magic money tree face with rolling eyes face with rolling eyes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy maga United States United States United States United States 
@USER shit I just said this on your other tweet face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER I knew you weren't a Real Republican committed to your party! You need to leave. Get out now! You are a disgrace to every republican or conservative member who work towards solutions and does not constantly diminish The POTUS! Quit already.
@USERS The stats from that are skewed. They considered school shootings a wide range that most did not even include a school. Just another fake stat to push gun control.
@USERS Which some fantasy gun ban you are rolling over in your mind would prevent? Gun Control Is Evil Misspelled http
@USER ! You try so hard to be condescending but I am sure you and stormy can relate! But you are correct on how sad Trump really is. Old man literally owns the Viagra company. Jokes on you kid. http
@USER Is it bad that i like Quetsiyah. And thought Amara and Silas deserved it?
@USER She is not Lisa http
@USER We would rather keep Bieber than Trudeau. You are welcome to Trudeau
@USER Now how did this happen in gun control NYC?
@USER The transparency of their acts furthers the myth that all women are victims. Some truly are but these crazed liberals wouldn't know one if they saw one. In the end their hubris will hurt the real women that really need help.
@USER it is just that it looks scary. that is all liberals care about. Optics.
@USERS wilted flower crying face crying face crying face crying face crying face so sad and preventable. Lift gun control in Chicago. Allow decent people to defend themselves.
@USER Ever see when someone Is stuck in quicksand and gets the brilliant idea to reach down and pull their feet out. equals to ESPN
@USER You are awfully quiet. sleepy face 
@USERS I think she is great
@USERS And civil rights, like the 'right' to kill your own child transcending a child's right to life.from the same people that insist on more stringent gun control laws to 'save the lives of children.' Let that sink in. 
@USERS I know right? Riding trainer? Have fun running to Lower Rear BackWoodsistan Fucker!
 @USER I want to as kali velshi why isn't the basic issue of Survival of the Fittest vs Take Care of Everyone the Dems main point. Isn't this the core of all others ? gun control, wealth and income inequality, health care, entitlements, EPA, Glbl Wrm. Most agree here http 
@USER They been had open world spider man games tho. We need a avengers game with all of them niggas
@USERS Why do not they want health care? Why do they want rich people to pay less taxes? Why do not they care about the deficit? Why do not they want any gun control? Why are they so afraid of immigrants? Why are they so full of hate when they control all branches of Government? Why?
@USERS My bias park JIMIN he is perfect man smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes jim in bts main DANCER AND READ VOCAL two hearts HEART YOU rolling on the floor laughing heart decoration thumbs up http
Same here but the more he talks the dumber he looks WWGIWGA MAGA http
@USERS Shove it The View you are the most despicable show on tv and like everyone always says who watches these bimbos !
@USER Heidi Cruz started life as a brunette. Now she is a blonde. God works in mysterious ways.
@USERS face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy your hilarious. You spin my words just as they spin Alex's words. I never said it did not happen. I said it was a false flag and they had actors help garner public sympathy for gun control.
@USER I've got this great idea for a phone app though. JustWank
@USER Feel sorry for the voters no good choice pig face 
@USERS What does Juan contribute on Fox? We all know which side of the fence he plays on. Pretty much know what he is going 2 say. Listening 2 him is like watching paint dry. I have better thgs 2 do angry face nauseated face 
@USERS Long time prisoners will also have a hard time while he is there.
@USER And there you have it.
@USER Leftist Collusion PreScreening Party
@USER Shorty's dad taught him eveything about Pussygrabbing Sexual assault trump family time. maga girls have to stay silent. http
@USERS is a piece of royal shit of Nehru Dynasty. Sometimes I wonder if everything I was taught stands shaken! Eminent Citizen , Liberals , Intellectuals all these terms now tell me 1 thing The person being mentioned is anti-India, feeds off my money &amp shames me always 
@USERS Especially those who play the Good Religious Boy routine as 80% of their Job Interview . Seriously, imagine pulling that crap in a job interview &amp then imagine - interview for Supreme Court Justice. Kav spends WAY too much time talking about how pure he is. 
@USER Sounds like a lot of liberals do not want America to know the truth.
@USER Just ask them how does having some of the toughest gun control laws working out for chicago
@USER Oh fuck yeah
@USER What an empty soul you have.
@USER He is both. Best hybrid EVER.
@USER Go away my child. You are so boring that you cannot even entertain a doubt. pile of poo pile of poo pig face pig face 
@USER Or we could have gun control
@USERS Nobody cares about paid protesters the Capitol Police need to get a hold on them lock them up
@USER No nigga
@USER http If you are not an ancom then you should be on my side
@USERS She is a journalist and spreads fake info about painting of shree Krishnaji. Why people forget ligic &amp professionalism when they try to be secular . Do not tear our religious books to prove your stupidity. Fight your cause with moral means. http 
@USERSJaws V When Jaws Jaws Back - Starring Kurt Chiselchest and Lorna Buxom Whud I win? It better not be one of them laser swords.Jess will b jealous.
@USER A military tribunal will get Holder.
@USER Never saw it before. it is delicious
@USERSDid I say something personal?
cdn poli How can anyone expect the Liberals to follow their own rules? Rules are for other people aren't they? The governing Liberals have allowed. http
Is anyone surprised that a President who would commit treason with Russia to get elected would pick a rapist for the Supreme Court?#MondayMotivation deplorable s maga marines against trump kava no bluewave 2018 postpone the vote kavanaugh stop kavanaugh
@USER Can you take that to the bank?
@USERS He is correct
@USERS westminster tories br exit United Kingdom br exit e ers out of the eu eu brussels re moaners remain ers quisling s fb pe non patriots anti uk pro eu traitors snowflakes bed wetter s leftie luv vie liberals face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy http
@USER Good Day I trust that you are well Please send me your email address
@USER You rock Laura. We need the Rinos exposed. They are hiding behind Republican status. We need new blood in November. It has to continue to 2020. MAGA Our forefathers would want us to save our Country.
@USER Right.! I do not know what the hell he is saying half the time. I would get thrown off the show the first episode.! worried face confused face 
@USERS Conservatives Right we've bought a load of Steam powered Rolling Stock for Brexit Britain, Why not close a few more lines like they did with the Beeching cuts? http 
@USERS that sucks. Have plans? you should team up with lemons!
@USERS This is absurd. Read more about the history, politics, and true belifs of fascism. Antifa do not or cannot do the bidding of ruling class because that is what fascism is for aka bootlickers. And you.s. liberals have always been right leaning. 
@USER people need to get a life. She is a beautiful lady doing her job. They need to leave her alone and leave Tessa alone. does not matter what you are everybody needs to show love not hate.
@USER he is going extinct
@USERS Fucking glory hunters
@USERS The UK only has a fraction of the population &amp had a fraction of the number guns we do not to mention a gun culture &amp demand of which there is ample supply here. UK type of gun control will not work here but will exaserbate the gun problem.
@USER You would. cannot fix stupid. maga q a non thursday thoughts drain the deep state thankful thursday wwg1wga walk away
2019 tours will include flights and hotels.
Trump is what we need maga
Trump. an Ive league billionaire and negotiator extraordinaire! Jan. resister ! thinking face I'll take Trump! maga trump2020 http
@USERS I knew we would find out that this is all the liberals' fault. face with rolling eyes 
@USER Excuse you. Do you own Twitter? Do you have Twitter rights that no one else does? If you continue to viciously attack and name call me - I will continue to respond and defend myself. Typical liberal trying to argue all Antifa style. Guess what?!? You still lose!
@USER Another funny thing is how they refer favorably to Japan because of gun control but admonish Japan for their refugee policies thinking face thinking face 
@USER What the earthy fuck is RACKET ABUSE? A fake-ass penalty. Have you ever put down the donuts and watched a men's match?
@USER rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing THAT SUMS UP THE STATE OF LIBERALS
@USERS please show me the proof of all you state. Not what I said on CNN. Facts just the facts. Like I said funny all this pops up when all the other stunts did not stop the vote. If she is serious she can recall the house how she got there and all the important info. Not that it
A Long Ass Blog That Might Not Make Sense http
@USER Brett Kavanaugh was supposed to be a selling point for GOP candidates in the midterm elections. But now he could become a liability.CBS enough of all your BS lies. Go away with your other liberals CNN. MSM. WE ARE NOT LISTENING TO YOUR IGNORANT BS Stories! pouting face pouting face pouting face pouting face 
@USERS he is rushing to catch up to drumpf
@USERS Happy Birthday Tyler! May God favor you with a day as AMAZING as you are! Be blessed today &amp always! party popper party popper 
 @USER Question Did you get the amount of money from liberals you wanted? After 30 years, that was your only reason. 
@USER Conservatives have become the cadaver party.
@USERS So pleased you gave me the oppotunity to show some more truth1 thanks so much I love to use supporters of the corrupt as a billboard! http
@USER He is making faces like Peter strokz.
@USER the reason you haven't heard from Dr Ford about whether she is available to testify on Monday yet is because She is feverishly trying to find someone to corroborate her story with the help of the DNC and Soros' deep pockets!
@USER His name is Coco! He is a Pomeranian. he is actually old. he is is 12. The most loyal dog I have even known!
 @USER I do not think it was her race or looks. Biden and liberals were put on strategic defensive by CT's claim that he was being electronically lynched. He played the race card and liberals folded like cheap suits. GOPers now just do not care. 
@USER As soon as Kavanaugh is seated you can say goodbye to federal gun control. Never in your life will you see it again.
@USER He is definitely an adorable little guy.
 or or You are all not ready for makotoniijimaweek2018
@USERS jameis winston he is no longer in college whereas Jimbo Fisher and his school protected this sexual predator.he needs to sit in prison.he is getting off easy because she did not filed sex charges against him.
@USERS Yep. And if he would get rid of the bell instead of taking sacks I'd be thrilled. Not sure if he is aware of the rule. But you can throw the bell away
@USER Lmfaooooo foh w that free thought shit 
. My God. the emmys And the limousine liberals are sick disgusting animals with no brains. .
@USERS Actually I think Antifa over took them and YOU contributed to their silence too.
@USER I bet they all have 'fitted' waists. Because women are meant to look 'hourglass' even when they do not give a shit.
@USER Cockwaffle or normal waffle?
idiot alert Gun control activist David Hogg suggested AR-15s cannot be used for self-defense because they shoot further than handguns. http
@USER I have long thought that liberals are children trapped in adult bodies.
@USERS Of course he is. He will be remembered for being the biggest hypocrite in history. They change the rules constantly. gop hypocrites
@USER What does a snot nose 18-year-old kid know? he is just a loud mouth immature punk who the media has placed on a pedestal using to promote gun control. He is fed tag lines to spark controversy in order to bring attention to the gun control debate that he knows nothing about.
 @USER ONLY the Left is violent, like they guy who shot GOP Senators, and antifa who trash Berkeley, Portland. And BLM that trashed Ferguson. NOBODY who actually attacks makes death threat first, duh. They Just Do it as Nike who now supports cop-killers put it. 
@USERS Why do you think liberals hate guns? because we do not think military weapons should be in civilian life? Please.
@USERS 1 A fetus may or may not become a baby. 1 or 3 or pregnancies end in miscarriage. If a woman had pregnancy complications that could kill her are Conservatives going to let her dies because the fetus she is carrying has a 2 or 3 chance surviving?
@USER Hedy Lamarr is a close second. She is fascinating.
@USER red heart You are beloved! red heart 
 @USER Please do not tie him to the left - the guys pathalogical Also, let's not make alt-left a thing. The alt right are Nazis and white supremacists a bunch of random college or yuppie socialists, podcasters, and a few antifa are not equivalent in any way, shape, or form. 
@USERS There is no way you can defend He is the worst for Auburn. Time to part ways
@USERS Isn't he married? Where is his wife?
@USER That is a lot of guilt for Tucker to take upon himself. Surely he is not the only on at fault?
@USER Oh man I was just telling myself this today. Such good and encouraging advice when you are doing something new.
@USERS Yes mothers now this is what the deranged left will make you do to your little boys! Are we really going to let this happen? Pure EVIL! vote dems out maga 2020 confirm judge kavanaugh http
@USERS Different story now he is attacking Liberals isn't it thinking face neutral face . he is been doing this this since kill gough Wasn't an issue back then tho apparently a us pol
. This little one is my why. She is the reason I strive each day to become a better version of who I already am. . Before babies I used to fear I'd never have enough time for a family. http
@USER That or she is an awfully good transvestite
@USERS oh my god shyt
@USERS Sir now to Russia.Putin is broke and a little bit crazy.The paltry 1.7 Trillion GDP might cause desperate actions from his dying regime. Denuclearization in exchange for oil patch tech. that is all they have. Sir.MAGA
@USERS .and then there's this http trump army all vets radio voc the brooks brown maga http
@USERS Either you Democrats &amp liberals move aside or we will help you move aside we the people can remove you from office 20+Million Veterans cannot be wrong http
@USERS Pushed to my limits. http
@USERS trump derangement syndrome Case number 3837252 Wow liberals got it bad about the same as the msm
@USER What a handsome boy! Reminds me of one of my fosters a little bit. Sorry I do not have a better picture - she is one of the ones that got away. I'd have 20 if I could. http
@USER Seriously?! Do you really believe your own crap? Why do not you just move on if she is so offensive. This ugly side to you is very unbecoming disappointed face 
@USER She never planned to testify. It was all an act - one that fell flat very quickly. Liberals will never learn. We know their tactics. We can accurately predict their actions &amp responses. We also know how to think &amp do research. that is why they hate us. They cannot control us.
@USERS You are awesome!
@USER She is your sister!
cincinatti well these shootings will keep happening because of your stupid gun laws so its time americans woke up and do something about it because it will keep on happening again and again and not god and prayers are going to help only proper gun control laws will.
 @USER Rosie hugs him tight Hello Angy. She smiled happy I am so happy that she is back and I bet you Levi will be here in a few seconds. Levi walks in and gasps ROSIE! Levi ran over making Jack smile 
@USER Oh my god. They're so fucking cute.
@USER I hope you are liking the cooler weather. My husband and I are going to watch the other Hellboys before we see yours in the theatre. We are both excited!
@USERS Why would anyone be in group lock-step with either party? I am in favor of gun control and believe in climate change. I am against big Government and wealth redistribution. Independent thinkers do not fit into either party.
@USER Yea I think so! She is for the time being thanks for asking 
@USER His jewels have their own gravitational field! flying saucer 
@USER National Unity? O you are so full of it! You just tweeted to get people mobilized. Does that mean paying people to mobilize and cause violence! Where is it that you spoke out about ANTIFA? A Official group of terrorists.
 Chris Christie Kavanaugh Allegations 'Extraordinarily Unfair' http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER I've actually never seen GOT but I know who he is and I still died
@USERS Such a cool Synchronicity.it def made my day! Just released a thread w or exactly this concept. deutsche bank connection is undoubtedly the pivot point.&amp mueller has a crack squad of financial forensics experts on his team w or VAST DB $$-laundering knowledge. Subpoena kavanaugh
@USERS . used his ldconf2018 speech to spell out the issues facing Britain and how they can be overcome without resorting to the populism of and the The are the only party who demand better for Britain http
@USERS Brilliant! maga walk away
@USER She is inciting violence . Big difference between free speech and inciting violence. Sometimes you are expecting action good or bad from the words you use. people must be held accountable for those words good or bad.
@USER I hope he can get back too ND four leaf clover Days He Is A Real Dawg!
muslims and islam finally got their white supremacist terrorists they have wanted for so long they can harp on about and say were worse than them . Two 15 year old boys from ramsgate Jesus thinking face maga mega mcga mb ga conservatives patriots http
@USER Trump is just playing whit liberals I bet this is his way to help conservatives win next elections and take credit. Trudeau is in the corner right now. Any deal whit USA will be bad for Canada.
@USERS Serena is a bully. She threatened to shove a ball down the throat of a line judge in the 09 US Open. She was 2 points away from losing in the semifinals when she dbl faulted. She went ballistic and was penalized a point. She lost the match due to her threats. She's a bully 
@USER There already is gun control tho.
@USERS Some of Christine Blasey Ford fine upstanding AMERICANS she follows Beverly Hills Antifa Laguna Beach Antifa Neverland Antifa Midwest Antifa Boston Bob Antifa Wait for it ANTHONY WEINER - INMATE# 3425742 Kinda says it all! WWG1WGA PATRIOTS.
@USER I do not think he needs a qualification. But good on you. I am impressed. You are an inspiration to you younger peers.
@USER .Stay Classy!.what a bully - if I were the ump I take her to court for bringing his reputation into disrepute. thinking face thinking face thinking face http
@USER He is 100% and ballin'
@USER I was actually thinking you were joining antifa.
@USER she is back !
@USERS The left have become a bunch of thugs. nancy pelosi chuck schumer
@USER Full truth and justice. http
@USER He is right
@USER YES I am so tired of relying on mfs to answer the phone for some shit that is not even worth it! I am about to be the new plug face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS European liberals and conservatives must stand together against populism. Follow my page if you think the same. 
@USER I do love you but do not give him an excuse.he isn't mentally ill he is a dangerous idiot!
@USERS br exit So we are being dangled another fictional carrot by CONservatives of an increase in social housing in 2021.we do not know what's happening in 6 months? Are we meant to be as stupid as Trump supporters and swallow this propaganda?
@USERS And the definition of freedoms is also important. For instance, most of those countries have strict gun control. Some will also jail you for calling somebody a name on Twitter. Against the law in London to carry a pocket knife. However, some label those freedoms . I do not. 
@USERS . calls you an intellectual prostitute because he knows that you are smarter and more intellectual than he. 
 TO BE DESTROYED 09 or 08 or 18 We do not have a back story on friendly GLORIOUS.she is a sweet young lady who may just need a little time to decompress and feel confident. Please help her tonight! http http
@USERS Take a joke lefties. Her behaviour was disgusting. So it is drawn.
@USERS Latino Conservatives Self-Hating Freaks
@USER I can definitely do that for sure!
@USERS Google needs to lose its 501-3c privlages.
@USERS Whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty. liberals just want Kavanaugh to be guilty because Trump picked him. Get over yourselves
@USER Can we talk about how he is having the worst year of any player in yankee history?
. this woman has nothing but play tennis and yet she is constantly being disrespectful it is insane. the whole all owes her an apology atp http
@USERS 1 Ok lets play this game. Which side is openly advocating for the persecution of a race &amp promoting segregation? Which is supporting a militant group very similar to Hitlers brown shirts Antifa ? Which is calling for gun control even wanted armbands ? 
@USER He is a child a retarded one.
@USER I mean if Allsup was a communist or some Antifa shithead people would be coming to her defense despite what a shit she is. This political team sports is dumb. Allsup is a Dickweed.
@USER I'll bet she is a liberal democrat.
@USERS You assholes are both going to jail. What happened to the $94million paid to your company? Mueller knows.
@USERS you are being mean.
@USERS Because he is a traitor
2be clear I fully support free speech. But especially when libertarians and conservatives are being silenced I do not want to read leftist trash talk in my timeline. I do not want them censored. I just do not remember following them. But it is enough that I can personally block.
@USER I'll go pick you up fuck an Uber
&gt Literally runs through the wall. There was now a hole. Master! You are okay? http
@USER She is hot!
@USER YOU ARE HELPING THE red wave rising http
@USER Shhh do not let conservatives see this! http
@USER all those muscles
@USER I believe that gun control laws should be more extensive. i feel that the Government should come up with a better way to assign people guns. i agree with protecting yourself but to what point. Its alot of innocent people dying. 10220522
@USERS No fr! people are always on the most bullshit &amp I am not postponing or missing anything else because another person cannot get their shit together. So if all else fails I go by myself &amp to be honest I end up having a better time anyway man shrugging medium skin tone 
@USERS Coming out of closet and admit he is Russians asset
@USER He will end in gitmo
@USER He is so very stupid. Or is it he is just so concrete?
@USER She is delusional! Get rid of Electoral College so she and her corruption cronies can ruin the USA! They almost did! vote red to save america maga United States United States United States 
@USER I understand that. but she has 4 children and she is mad because she and her 7 week old were asked to leave a book club meeting at 9 00. obviously someone was with her other children at home so why bring the baby
@USERS brother we are one big happy family
@USER Well since your streams always have porn in the title I am going to sa you love porn
@USER Dominos is ass
@USER Hi hopefully you are now on board as one has passed through. I do apologies for the delay. We have experienced heavy delays across most services passing through St Albans due to roadworks. Apologies for the delayed response.
@USERSyes because trump beat Obama in the election rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER I muted her awhile ago when she tried to say some shit like that 6ix9ine was doing positive work for Mexican rap like he isn't some kind of pedo garbage.
@USER Fresh boy think he is strong face with tears of joy 
1. My love 2. . . . okai . . there you are http
.@USER the Kavanaugh accuser issue makes it evident the dbl standards the Dems use to discredit conservatives. Please release and make public ALL the names of those who used the congressional sexual harassment fund. Let all the their accusers come forward. http
@USER can you pls get rid of holly he is so uneducated of sports. Wheb you have sportscasters who have been throgh the sport and are professional in their presentation he looks like a joke
 #diversity has become tribalism cultural appropriation is Left's 'unwinding of america http t cot conservatives
@USER He'll no! it is all about creating New Democratic Voters!
@USERS maybe it was democrat antifa
@USER You are literally one of the most beautiful people I have ever seen in my entire life and I want you to know that.
@USERS Me too! Jacks a sack! We conservatives tweet in a barrel!
@USERS I am suggesting ways for our Climate Barbie to lead by example. Something liberals do not know how to do. 5 ethic code violations will prove that.
@USERS A voice from the frontline of domestic violence that the gun lobby cannot drown out. cdn poli http
@USER Before long football players will receive about half of what they make now. Let them keep protesting. The players aren't going to win this.
@USERS You are insinuating that the rape victim is not credible because polygraphs are not admissible in court.
@USER A new hero. God bless him
@USERS yet another good guy with a gun. woman facepalming selector WE NEED COMMON SENSE GUN CONTROL LEGISLATION do somthing vote the gop out country over party Documents Alleged mass murderer thought wife was cheating http
@USERS Where does antifa fall on this report? Or did you only look at the right?
@USERS I am going to tell you one more time to fuck off before I block and report your ass. Whos your current president?
@USER The greatest generation and the original antifa Thank you for freeing us from nazism!
@USER Ahhh how the left punishes it is soldiers. Today is your last day do not forget your 6 million dollar goodbye check. Thanks for supporting the cause.
@USERS You liberals are so nice and caring 
@USER I have backtraced your IP and have sent you information to AntiFa.
MAGA are PERVERTS AND DEMONS-PERIOD! NOTHING IS SACRED OR INNOCENT WITH THESE MUTTS OF SATAN http
@USER Tell me did restoring your computer to an earlier date correct your problem you were having ?
@USER You do realize how ridiculously radical all these tweets sound right. Who are you trying to mobilize antifa?
@USER He looks like he is been sucking on a lemon before he goes into those hearings.
- Is Colin really that hot? - Yes he is! smirking face http
@USER He is so brutal. Hopefully he sells the team.
@USER Keep getting yours
@USERS liked Trump but he is too scared from democrats. Plus he is making millions making unprofessional short videos. Its pretty much like looting the liberals but legally
@USER I am thankful that people who virulently demand gun control frequently do not have guns. Mercifully it is natural selection in a way. They generally show violent tendencies verbally. Licensed gun owners are usually a very civil and polite group b or because they understand the alternative.
@USERS How about just F !k her she is an instigating big mouth bitc &amp so is her evil friend. MY OPINION! team tani
@USERS No I do not know. But I know he is one heck of a patriot who preached the unity of the people of ethiopia when it was costly to do so.
@USERS Big Wanda fucked with the wrong one face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS Did I say that thinking face no typical liberals
@USERS That would be about how the Dems work. Still think Dr F was told long before it wasn't ever going to this far because someone convinced her the conservatives would roll over immediately
@USERS And you are who to speak for the rest of us?
@USER Stamp we did this shit all the time
@USERS needs serious psychiatric help. This guy is an anger management bi polar psych 101 case study. http
@USER He got his chance and blew it
@USER I think he is up to super bad stuff.
@USERS No kidding! Tell your sons to NEVER be alone with a woman unless you are dating and even then protect yourself somehow.geez I do not know turn your recorder on.
@USERS Liberals Demonuts will never learn. Conservatives always will find the Truth and blow their whole story.
 @USER But But But we need more gun control right? Oh wait. GUESS THAT does not STOP CRIMINALS, only law abiding citizens. Which is known. So. think on why they want to CONTROL you and disarm you. 
toad The one on top. NObama is best described as such. United States #MAGA trump2020 http
@USER More like what I am missing. I am just bitter about being ignored yet again and I am ignoring her because that is what I am like but it is so hard not to message her loudly crying face 
@USERS maga Durbin must have participated in the Tesla podcast to think Huessein's administration was scandal free. Durbin thinks gun control works in Chicago also. 2a rahm emanuel chicago pd 
@USER Colin is a dick would sell out just as quick!
@USER that is right walk away from democrats vote red to save america votered2018 mcga maga
@USER Ugh put your antifa mask back on before you scare the children
@USERS Now to get inner cities, i.e.#Chicago, to have policies that promote job growth there so that the nuclear family returns. The lack of one is why have the daily killings, NOT a gun control issue. twill
@USER Awesome clapping hands light skin tone clapping hands light skin tone clapping hands light skin tone clapping hands light skin tone . Of course the left will think differently but who cares. This is great!
@USERS Tears of joy?
@USER She is full of it. She will go for it.
@USERS You are not a poet. do not ask how I knoweth.
 Nearly Half a Trillion Dollars Already Repatriated More Coming http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER Remember. people who make up stories do not ask the FBI to investigate those stories. kag maga kavanaugh accuser
@USER why do conservatives not understand grammar
@USERS Time to take this twt down. Is there anyone in our team with an ounce of guts?. 
10. New Gun Control Laws 11. Term Limits 12. Eliminate lifetime salaries for politicians 13. Same medical benefits as any other Federal Employee 14. Federal Holiday on Election Days 15. A review of Presidential powers of pardon
@USER Here is the thing I ain't disputing that as a nation we have problems and never have I. However to say someone is likely to die earlier in Botswana than anywhere in the world is a reach. that is where I felt you are just exaggerating.
 @USER it is hard to believe you are 39. I remember you as the cute first daughter in the White House. I voted for your dad twice. You have been a true force for good. Thank you. 
@USERS ! I've met you both and neither of you are dull! Me on the other hand. relieved face 
@USERS Can you eat this child you are wild
@USER he thinks his ex girlfriend was an antifa infiltrator?
@USERS He did not pay a money for his accounts and stuff. So he is now a stranger. And everything it is because of his obsession for Sonic. I hope that he dies there.
@USERS Are WE anywhere in this? Am I REALLY just asking I see slim shady EVERYWHERE in this the great awakening q a non maga - Time to ALL wake up to OURSELVES! the storm wwg1wga jesus is back god is great http
@USER whens the next meeting?
@USERSMAGA-nificient Patriots! Please FB
@USER I think it is ok to say I disagree with Bernie on some military spending and find his record on gun control troubling but still support him.
@USERSWhy do you keep telling this lie? There WERE people there that did not belong to Antifa or KKK that were just there supporting or not supporting the statues staying or going.#Dems love repeating lies because they have nothing else. Do you repeat hands up do not shoot too? Probably.
@USERS 29. Listened To The Liberals Democrats And Their Bed-Buddies In the MSM DEMAND Transparency From the Well, Your About To Get A YUGE Scoop Of Transparency From him. Like I Said In the Start of This Thread Be Careful What You Wish For. End. http 
@USERS If you want to maga 1. Stop Intellectual Property theft by China. 2. Pivot away from China and give business to other Asia countries. 3. Ask US business to move to other countries 4. Tax reciprocally 5. Make Xi look weak! Demolish South China Sea. Xi is a crook! 
@USERSoh my god.he is sex on legs
 @USER it is called FDS or otherwise commonly known as not getting your way . Antifa members hard at work. face with tears of joy 
@USERS Woooow he is so awesome ! http
@USERS is the main muckspreader for and do not be surprised about the various twists and turns of the fake novi chok stories http
 2 In a weird way the debate about Section 33 reminds me of the gun control debate in the US. They have laws that allow people to own guns designed to kill people yet are shocked when guns are used to kill people. We assumed they would restrain themselves. 
@USERS EVIL MUST BE STOPPED! HE IS A MAJOR PART OF THE SWAMP IN DC! maga wwg1wga drain the swamp q an ons down with Government corr ruption
@USERS We have thousands of gun control laws. Which ones aren't sensible enough for you?
@USERS Wow you are to sweet
@USER MEANWHILE. Greatest economy ever. More jobs for blacks and hispanics in history. 401K is kicking ass. MS13 and ILLEGALS are being DEPORTED daily. NK is back to the table for denuclearizing. Trump is draining the corruption of DOJ and FBI. out fricking standing maga2020 http
@USERS Pls take a look at signing gordon he is the deep threat with goodwin hurt we need and only 27. come play with Grop
@USERS Reasonable gun control equals to use 2 hands.
@USERSWe waiting on mean ass Florence to do what she going to do. Ack
@USERS he or she is lying also. claiming I did not know they were dating but when you look at her old tweets you can see her arguing with Careeeema and saying they're dating. Plus Tom and Z are too careful to hold hands in public. face with tears of joy 
@USER When is this low IQ piece of human trash going to go away. Nobody cares what this wack job has to say so why is she constantly in our faces. If she thinks Mr. Trump has acted despicably what does she call going on live television and telling people to attack conservatives?
@USERS rich liberals 
@USERS do not worry fellow antifa and resist member, I have made an excellent plan to stop Russian influence for good. I call it General Plan Ost . We will invade Russia's western border in three different army groups while cleansing the population all the way to Moscow! 
@USERS Anyone who supports gun control is a racist. Just like Shannon Twatts
@USER AS IT SHOULD BE!
@USER He is what the industry stands for. All about spreadsheets and no care for the human side.
@USER antifa been doing it to republicans for a year you did not care when it was Betsy devos
@USERS Demorats hold Conservatives&amp GOP to a higher standard than they hold themselves to
@USER Why I love ong seongwu? Bsc he is the reason of my smile and tears. He such a precious human being on earth and the ongly one that can brighten up my mood. Why I cry is bcs I am so poor that I cannot afford to spend much on him but that is encourage me to do better in life bcs of him sparkling heart 
@USERS yes like going after the 5pc on plastic bags so that could get their own way on university credit and austerity and even now go back on a promise to cut tax for self employed
@USERS Yes as the Democrats and liberals continue to sabotage the November elections it would be the intelligent thing to do so say 20+Million Veterans http
@USERSSo does antifa go to Church?
ANXIETY FUCKING SUCKS !
@USERS Dolt. You've become another nail for Hammer Trump.
@USERS But does he schmooze with Communist put in in Helsinki like your daddy? . maga http
@USERS BS. No we do not support gun control. We support 2a that says SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED. Go read some history and find out why. You are part of the reason.
@USERS That wench is on something. She must be to spout her drivel. Wanna bet someone gives her the beating first. Let's see . she is in a parking lot with no one else around and a few black women who are much better then her find her. Or white people much brighter 
@USER Another elitist who is out of touch with the patriotic Americans!
 @USER pirate flag selector This Deplorable from the Dregs of Society says public executions WILL MAKE CRIMINALS THINK HARDER ABOUT BEING POLITICIANS double exclamation mark selector maga wwg1wga q a non drain the swamp drain the deep state
@USERS . absolutely right to not propose another referendum. . are not in power &amp we are not negotiating. it is for to make Brexit work it belongs to them. If they cannot do that then should call a General Election. Labour are ready. http
@ All the Tana Supporters that are saying she is innocent. tana http
@USERS I is glad the you worked hard but shame you are physical dementia the thing are you may not be simples to understand talk when write you cannot clearly 
@USER he is just another JERK
@USER War on free speech. Antifa and high tech.
@USERSYea because mushroom penis syndrome is definitely an impeachable offense face with tears of joy maga
@USER Croatian President's bikini photos worlds hottest president ever http
@USER Look in the mirror lefties! No bigger bullies than antifa and progressive leftist trying to get in the faces of the right
@USERS both of you are going to have to take several seats when it comes to Kyle smiling cat face with heart-eyes 
@USER it is fine. he is gods Prophet face with rolling eyes imagine that nowadays. yes officer i did fuck that elementary student BUT its fine because god said i could.
@USER Just announced on ESPN he is
@USERS had more substantial rape charges against him that were never investigated. anita hill saying Judge Kavanaugh has burden turning US Law of innocent until proven guilty on its head. conservatives and must put an end to this side show now. has come unglued
@USERS You have nothing you are isolating yourself from others and it is quite hilarious to watch. Also if you were around for the idea of anonymous years ago you would know it is in general about resistance. I do not support senseless violence actually I fought against Antifa like you.
@USERS Canada stands behind and his governments negotiations with the pseudo dictator Weak conservatives as usual. No backbone.
@USER He was saying niggas who say they boycotting Nike for the military are racist because the military fuck with Nike face with tears of joy 
@USER Doubtful. he is one of the least hateful people on this planet! Maybe you are looking in a mirror.
@USER He is Jesus
@USER The war on the right equals to Antifa
50 year mandatory minimum for ANY crime committed with a gun will substantially reduce violence and put end to gun control babble. NO POLITICIANS will support this because they do not care. Why you ask ? Because they're politicians FIRST term limits http
 stop sign Gateway Pundit News stop sign backhand index pointing right Judicial Committee Chair Grassley Goes Off on Feinstein Says She REFUSED to Join Him on Call with Far Left Accuser http maga United States #2A prolife
@USERS Clearly you are not a weather person. Worst conditions are due for tomorrow.
@USER Always been a lier
@USER is shaking while answering question clearly she is no comfortable on poli
@USERSIs the blind man a fash that antifa needs to thrash? Beating up blind guys is over the top!
@USER He is compromising an active investigation. Sounds like obstruction of justice to me!
@USERSYeah that is why antifa dresses like isis
@USERS You just said the same things all the liberals say. President Trump is not deporting immigrants. he is trying to deport people who sneak into this country &amp not follow the rules to come in. If you come in that way you are a criminal. Turn off CNN &amp try another point of view.
--call the gun control in Oregon is prohibited on the state and federal level.
@USERS labour and cannot commit to ruling out a second referendum as he is trying to be a people pleaser &amp win every possible vote he could get and positioning themselves either way like would not go down well with some voters conservatives bbc qt br exit eu
54 night club partiers slaughtered in Oregon with .30-caliber Universal M-1 carbine. The NRA calls gun control research 'unethical'.
@USER Will conservatives ever stop catering to fringe groups and address issues the majority of Canadians have to deal with. Every white hunter could vote conservative twice and you'd still loose! We need a real option to the liberals.
@USERS It also means her treacherous actions will seriously offend 70% of who voted to leave all Four Pillars of the CORRUPT eu chuck may chuck chequers bojo4pm
@USER Hillary and logic? Talk about your classic oxymoron! Professor sounds like he should be teaching Poly Sci at Evergreet College!
@USERS He is doing a better job than I could do 18n18
@USER Confidence equals to Rigged
@USER Liberals philosophy is your guilty until proven innocent
@USER Go buy an Antifa shirt from wal mart you lumpenprole
@USER So babies aren't future men? I suppose ripping their limbs off and sucking their dead bodies out and putting them in the trash. that is sorta thing?
Antifa Caught Off Guard After Getting Confronted By The Last Person They Ever Wanted To Answer Too http http
@USER Obama will preach about gun control in the you.S. but then arm the drug cartels in Mexico and advocate for open borders. A piece of shit is worth more than Obama.
@USER Wrong 99 percent of the time she is in a bed or laying down suntanning all summer long she is bland like a dry piece of toast! . carry on bb20
@USER You are a hero! http
 @USER So, I tuned into the Emmys last night, I watched for a whole 5 SECONDS before some celebrity, I had never heard of, started talking about their platform. Click. Liberals ruin everything. 
@USER Democrats leadership has been silent about violence on Republicans for a reason. This explains why their response to antifa was encouraging them!
@USERS This is not conservative. What has happened to our party ? Lost the plot. 
 @USER I read a comment from a women saying why did not you come to us when slavery was a choice, wearing MAGA hats and talking with Trump 
@USERS She is going to be Voted out in November! Their Hateful Party is toast!
@USERS he is always the victim.same song and dance.
@USER There is a rumbling that is starting to bubble. Dems aren't listening . They're barrelling on. Mistake. Dems seriously need to stop and listen. There is a rage building like I've never seen. The silence of Conservatives and Republicans is becoming deafening. Dems need to listen.
@USER K. Dog Shit.
@USER He is also still behind
@USER Oakland line sucks
@USER This nigga prob made her infertile god only knows all the germs he brought back
@USER Nah. Did you see his sideline out burst Sunday? He is a me first player and only cares about his stats. We do not need him
@USERS it is also time for us conservatives to forget about her and ignore her.
@USER Because only the unhinged liberals that are scared they won't be able to murder their babies are demanding this. The other normal rational people with common sense can see this is just a fake accusation to stall.
@USERS OK. you are wrong
@USER What's next. -Mr. Hooper is retconned as a pedophile -Grover becomes trans -Barkley is neutered -Big Bird is put on meds to stop seeing Snuffy -Oscar shoots heroin -Elmo now member of the church of satan -Telly joins ANTIFA -Zoe has abortion -Kermit labeled hate symbol by SPLC http
@USERS Just another BLM brat blocking a highway, ANTIFA thug swinging a bike lock. Here comes just another screamer from the gallery - except this childish scoundrel screamed he RAPED me! , sat down in the middle of the room, stuck her thumb in her mouth, and whined prove me wrong! 
@USERS Wow! I like this lady more &amp more! She is such a fighter &amp a blessing!
16 shot 3 killed Friday in Chicago's Strictest Gun Control city shootings http Chicago s weekend death and injury count.
@USERS I have plenty of conservatives I work with that are not afraid to share their racism and hate for democrats. It is sickening
@USER Like ANTIFA.
@USERSyou are welcome Bob! I hope you are having an excellent Wednesday!
@USER Glad to see another NFL owner has read the Constitution. Unlike all the crybabies fussing over peaceful protests. freedom of expression freedom of expression is still alive. that is one of the reasons America is great!
@USER as fuck. Not ass fuck. Although conservatives are fucking us all up the ass right now.
@USERS You will want to be in my bunker one day and you are not invited. I am THE ANTI-ANTIFA!
@USERS She is a leftist activist. Biased to stop Judge Cavanaugh. Do I need to draw you a picture?
@USER He should have done that with Obama
@USERS gas brother motor scooter dashing away dashing away dashing away dashing away dashing away 
@USERS Irony alert. did not the under Thatcher sell of most of the council house stock and now they are trying to replace it. What a joke these people are
@USERS After seeing the contents of the post I for one are pleased with the legislation we have in regard of gun control. On the other hand legislation does need to be improved to support mental aid to this individual. He has to be sectioned.
@USER Well now the liberals have finally destroyed sesame street. Whats left?
@USERS They probably shutdown the website because of the death threats. If she votes yes she'll most likely get lots of support from maga voters.
@USER Fortunately the rest of America is not the Swamp in Washington. Washington is the worst place to decide what's good for America.
@USERS You are betting on it.you just do not have a choice.
@USERS Exactly she is so incredibly talked and I am so excited to see her on my tv weekly. blue heart blue heart . She's brilliant.
@USERS Your logo looks an awful lot like the Antifa flag and Communists flags. Coincidence much?
@USERS So fn hilarious
@USERS If so why do Democrats continue to say he is a rapist? Why do you Democrats say Republicans allow a rapist to be president? He isnt unscathed.
@USER God never worry's for he is powerful
@USER Thank you greatest president of all time MAGA
@USER A MAGA a hat would make that pic legit!
@USERS You are goddamn right both sides will be heard. We want the TRUTH Kavanaugh. Republicans better not put party above country.
54% of Americans say the nation is on the wrong track. United States http http
@USER I cannot believe Luigi fucking died face blowing a kiss weary face red heart selector 
@USERS He is a farmer thay grows the stuff they make canola from and Land O'Lakes refuses to dilute their pure butter.maybe.
@USER I do not entertain shit.
@USER Right you are!
@USER what the fuck do you gain from posting on your private instead of your public
@USERSCute
@USER White liberals like you and your colored ilk are easily worse than bigots. You are nothing but a coward and victim-hood enabler who wants to keep my kind impoverished via welfare and identity politics. Thank God more people are seeing your evil for what it is
@USERS Max is the boss. The conservatives shouldn't have made such a weak dud as their leader this wouldn't have happened. Scheer tries to cater to the left wing crazies. He should be all in on freedom of speech but he coward on that. He takes the same positions as Trudeau on NAFTA
mdzs2018 Day 15 character deserves more love Wen Ning she is a beautiful and innocent person deserves all the love of the world her personality is very adorable gives me the need to protect him to adopt. http
@USER hello i ate soup and now I am very tired but i love you
@USER They just need to go away. No one wants to see them in the media advocating for gun control. it is unseemly.
@USER it is just a snack she is making steak later 
@USER big boss tamil Looks like Janani has figured out she is not going to win but just focusing on ending the game with dignity and finesse. She seems too resigned and not much enthusiasm in anything. Does anyone feel that way?
@USER From your lips to God's ears Antonio. I will do my part. Let's hope all Conservatives do their part. And stay vigilant at the polls. Dems are desperate. There WILL be fraud.
@USER true. She is sad but does not need the validation so just let her and her followers keep spreading the hate they have for truth.
Organized Resistance The Leaking Campaign At State Dept To Derail The MAGA Agenda http via @USER
- Gold Coins she's cute. diamond blue palm trees the visionary she is. probably fave production so far. a fave. gold coins everywheh.
@USER Because of obama and holder more cops are getting killed each year because they hated law enforcement and encouraged civil unrest.
@USERS These gun control scientists are a disgrace. They should have their license to publish revoked. unamused face 
@USER he is a dumb ass!
@USERS man he is so fine
@USER Governor of his state next
@USER Funny how he thinks he is soooo important.not. face with tears of joy 
@USER Because President Trump and God gave us a miracle
@USER Please and that bitch will get popped and end up with a lump like her dumb ass sister skull 
@USER Russ us fuckin'dead
Give it a rest rice eater maga http
@USERS I wonder if ground seen if Kaiser is ok if I was him I would of went and got him idgaf all he is worried about is his body building
@USERS I do not trust 
-Willie you just lost over half of your fans by getting involved in politics! Fan no more! I cannot believe you support open borders and gun control! You have smoked too much dope! I guess that is what you and Beta have in common! http
@USERS As a veteran of the US Army I have supported different presidents over different periods of my life. Not going to sit back and watch no one man disgrace america like this. Be happy with who you support cause he is not good for your country usa vote blue and bring a friend
@USERS Antifa Slim is obsessed with Trump.
@USERS Dubious mortgages? You mean the NINJA loans for subprime borrowers that banks WERE FORCED TO PROVIDE by Democrats and liberals citing that NOT providing them was racist and discriminating just because people do not have a job. CMOs were a derivative of THE SUBPRIME PROBLEM
@USER Tina Thank You red heart I am hundred points All In For President Trump red heart maga hundred points United States United States United States United States United States http
@USERS Please could the author of this brill article do something to rescue us and brexit from this remainiac of a Pm who will enslave us forever under unelected commsion federal fanatics Plus the conservatives can say farewell to Government for at least 5 yrs. who could trust the tories ?
@USERS we march for our lives enough is enough what say you we need Solves Guns special. and the USA fall election focused electing ONLY those for actual gun control-dump old dnc gop - with empowerment 4action http
@USER UK Government non announcements are the only consistant and affordable policy under Labour or Conservatives for decades. Designed for a soundbite. No immediate resource required. Never likely to ever be implemented. Its propoganda but sadly it has its desired effect.
 @USER BUT there's a saying you are what you eat i aint wanna be a loose chicken face with tears of joy i wanna be loose to ma daddy sweat droplets 
@USERS Fake news. Who in their right mind would go along with this nut?
This meme got me face with tears of joy United States smiling face with sunglasses Driving Mrs. Feinstein chinese chinese spy california we the people drain the swamp justice clinton emails maga wwg1wga @USER california wildfires red pill facts matter facts only make california great again kag dnc liberal logic truth msm facts http
@USER This is just more of the standard Trudeau Liberals emotional manipulation of Canadians. They think Canadians are stupid.
tuesday thoughts Got a gut feeling TWITTER is now in the gunsights of the Government and President Trump for Anti-Trust violations censoring and shaddowbanning Conservatives --- watch for Big News coming out soon.
@USERS Leaders must do much more on gun control overall. Protect our young people.
@USER Without the prior existence of fascism Antifa would have no raison d'etre. End fascism and Antifa goes away.
@USERS W had empathy and regrets. He may have been a bad or ineffective president but he is way more presidential than trump could ever hope to be
@USERS Energy Independence. it is here! Thank you !
 @USER 1st Pic OH MY GOD THE BATMAN V SUPERMAN TRAILER IS AWESOME 2nd Pic OH MY GOD BVS IS AWESOME 3rd Pic oh, you do not like BvS and call it a shit movie? well bitch 4th Pic oh, Zack was fired, Henry left and Ben is leaving 
@USER I believe he is one step worse according to experts- sociopath which is a malignant narcissist
@USER AARON RODGERS WILL NEVER WIN A RING THE REST OF HIS SAD ASS CAREER! I HOPE YOU HIS REGULAR SEASON HEROICS CAUSE that is ALL HE IS GOOD FOR! HAVE A NICE DAY!
 @USER It would be better to call themFaux liberals or Fox Liberals b or because the word Liberal is not bad moral philosophy &amp I do not want the word to be tainted by people who do not know the actual definition. Look at the word feminism , society changed its meaning into something negative. 
@USER You are becoming unhinged with this game.
@USERS Pearl bhaiya you are amazing
@USERS people change over time. Why did the president change his stance on gun control after his first campaign? Perhaps Kaepernick embraced this issue after he read up on the history of this subject -- a history you do not seem to acknowledge.
@USERS Good for you. he is bit miss guided for me to follow as the guy to me seems more like an idiot &amp a crock but if you think that he is perfect even though there is multiple investigations against him whom am I to disagree. I am still looking for a better role model for America cya
@USER ! You are correct 
.@USER offers a different view on why liberals outnumber conservatives at universities http http
@USER Fuck you! if you do not start working an a man of steel sequel soon the whole DCEU will irreversibly go to shit
@USERSHmm? that is not biblical. You may want to ask god if you are doing it right. I am pretty sure you are supposed to get in that church with all the people you do not care to be around. it is your persecution. face with tears of joy 
@USER Oh this is going to get some Antifa idiots shot so fast. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy they do not even realize gun owners are usually really aware of what's going on around them.
 @USER My favorite is If you play the genocide path you are a mass murderer in real life . 
@USERS No. I think he knows is going to lose anyway and he has nothing to lose in this battle. He is like a suicide bomber can only think tactically unfortunately he can only lie to stay in news.
@USERS I agree. Those antifa nutjobs should be arrested before they start trouble again
Just in case anyone missed it! slightly smiling face slightly smiling face grinning face grinning face grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy United States United States United States United States maga trump2020 http
@USERS Prepared? All she has to say is I do not remember all the time and liberals will believe her BS. 
@USERS Planned Parenthood provides millions with CONTRACEPTION - thereby eliminating an unplanned pregnancy for most an unplanned pregnancy that does not potentially result in an abortion. Conservatives possess no critical thinking skills whatsoever!
@USER Gun control now! Enough is enough!
@USERS You gotta prove to the world who you are bale!
@USERS Conservatives try to preserve institutions that young people are constantly trying to destroy because the aging left brainwash them into taking action. Young people have no conception of a sense of maintaining effective systems. Most are connected to destructive impuse. 
@USERS Go head and switch from Nike to gun control now http
@USERS is a very lost soul! His father f ked him up real good!
@USERS I am sorry to hear this Chris. You are a big part of the WP family. I admire your fight and strength as you battle this disease. I have no words to express how sorry I am you are dealing with ALS. I truly hope a cure can be found one day.
@USER Liberal Dictionary -Illegal Immigrants Dreamers -Trump Supporters Deplorables -MS-13 Killers Human Beings -Human Beings in the Womb Not Human Beings -Antifa Protestors -Law Abiding NRA Membbbqers Terrorists -Bill Clinton Feminist -Brett Kavanaugh Predator
@USERS A good example of - Democrat Gun Control http
@USER He is NUTS!
@USERS Who's talking sense or I'll follow the industry expert as should listen to industry
@USER Did every other comedian suddenly die?
@USERS Hopefully he won't because he should learn a lesson.and there should be better gun control by then.if he did and something happened he could end up in jail.that does not seem fun.hope he turns his life around for the better .will he go to foster care?
@USERSFollowed and she is truly breathtaking and amazing woman to follow
@USER I see you support gun control grinning face 
@USERS She should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. The tragic waste of such a beautiful person! Her incompetency and hasty judgement has ruined his family and friends lives. I know she is devastated but that is little comfort to his loved ones. pensive face folded hands medium-light skin tone 
@USER swear niggas make me wanna turn this phone off
@USER you are part of the problem! No more Regressive Liberals. drain the swamp http
@USERS She is!
@USERSJob description In Charge of the Big Door. Because that is the most likely point of entry for the ANTIFA hackers and their DOXX equipment which is quite cumbersome .
@USER This is nothing more than an opportunity for the liberals to crate more false headlines while cherry picking statements and distorting their meaning. This is just a stall tactic and a deflection from reality.
@USERS Tuna and beef brisket? I thought all you liberals were vegans.
 #StopKavanaugh Believe women, except for the 65 who support Kavanaugh http t cot maga red nation rising
 @USER Conservatives, if you are not a gun person, I believe you need to become one. If these Nov. elections do not go well for the Dishonest Dems, I think the violence will get worse. All Conservatives will need to be able to defend themselves and their loved ones. 
@USER Yes she is
@USERS for your encore say that every other western country that is all but eliminated mass shootings through effective gun control are lying too. it would be fitting
@USERS Libs vs conservatives simple
@USER Anarchist Nefarious Treason Invading Free America equals to ANTIFA.
Even Obama Trade Rep Acknowledges Trump Is Cleaning Up An OLD Global Trade Mess http maga make america great again make america america again make america strong again make america safe again make america sane again
.@USER 7 Myths of Democratic Socialism Debunked http maga kag
@USER State level crime when the alleged offender was a juvenile. Silly liberals no crime committed by Kavanaugh but probably one by the liar Ford democrats dividing and destroying america democrats hate america
@USERS thank you for explaining succinctly why a second referendum would be used by to rewrite the question and manipulate the answer in order to clingvto power peoples vote http
@USER 8th Demension.
@USERS I wasn't aware there was big money in sensible gun control thinking face 
@USERS . MY CFB 10 tbt at 9pm and you are scheduled with me tonight! Check in! http
@USER The GOP has blood on their hands. GUN CONTROL!
@USERS There is no such thing. Where is this fascist left? ANTIFA are anarchists. They are not socialists or Democrats. You folks on the right embrace Authoritarianism and fascism. Look at Trump. He attacks all our institutions and the rule of law and fluffs Putin.
@USERS 1. What's your definition of a mass shooting? 2. Headlines where? Nationally or locally? 3. Does ONE gun death EVERY. SINGLE. ONE. makes headlines? 4. Australia tell me about those mass carnages that happened after gun control was imposed. Links to reputable sources please.
@USERSKeep banging on with your nationalist nonsense. Once democrats win the midterms and raise taxes you'll be able to get on the same page as everyone else. Universal health care and gun control will save countless lives. Trumpsters like you will learn eventually.
@USERS Why do not liberals understand that an allegation of drunk teenagers who do not have sex is not a federal crime? Golly Moses- What is wrong with those people?
@USERS All bull!
 I guess I just need to double down on my donations to protect the Constitution and Bill of Rights! Fast Company 'Gun Control Groups' Donations Hurt Because Everyone Agrees With Them' - The Truth About Guns http
@USERS Dick Durbin figures if he lies often enough people will start to believe him. Right out of leftist dictatorship playbook.
roeselare conservatives this is just wrong. What is wrong with the left. http
@USER Another Liar That Broke His Oath
@USER sexy
@USERS I think he is racist out of touch with reality he treats the presidency like a reality show we're he is starring he has no empathy he is suffering from narcissism he has an in ability to tell the truth he may be mentally incapable of being the President of our Country http
@USER She should be fired and arrested. Clearly she is using drugs on the job.
@USERS Well if Osuna did do that than he is the ass. Not really sure why you went there. Are you claiming I punch women? If you are sir you are the asshole and completely wrong. My tweet had nothing to do with Osuna it was a clear fact that Giles punches himself when he sucks.
@USERS Antifa are here telling people to go back to sleep. Horrifying
@USERS It would be an interesting study if people were more gullible in Victorian times.with rising of the Antifa.
@USERS Only liberals can take an athlete berating an official and turn it into sexism and a sjw issue. Liberals ruin everything by putting politics into everything.
@USER I've already listened to it like 5 times it is so fucking well made
@USERS Kick the absolute shite out of the car.
@USERS You are correct the one LRT line does not but the overall plan does. Transit plans need to start some where usually with a back bone line that you can expand upon and tie into other parts. Why not start with a heavily used corridor funded by the ONT Government?
 @USER This is a good example of why we cannot ban the AR-15. Someone could've used gun control on those pussies. 
@USERS We'll be there opening night! raising hands thumbs up 
@USER &gt New people's Army from the Philippines is being helped by Antifa in the USA and vice versa I suggest you send this to the Philippine Government contingent. They need to know about this!
@USER He won't. he is too grotesquely fat and looks like he never takes a bath. He could go any time.
@USERS No thanks Open borders Gun control This is not Texas
@USER . My 6 year old is home today ad well and was in tears as she is receiving her star of the week Award and will miss out.
@USER Same to be honest Could they just stop spreading rumors and false news? We are hurt enough we do not need all this shit
@USER That shit hurts disappointed face disappointed face 
@USERS Obama done nothing fix the problem while in office? Now going about telling stories. Trump have being able to restore hope on gun control
@USERSPREACH IT! God's people deserve better! http
@USERS you are disgusting and need to be ousted. Get out of politics because Schumer you are the corrupt kind of politicians Americans are so tired of. has led this country to thrive again and Brett Kavanaugh will be voted in. Americans stand with 
@USER He is so kidding!
 1 Ultimately, the defense of Kavanaugh by Republicans, conservatives, their media and public is a manifestation of America's rape culture -- the latter being neither 'colorblind' or 'race neutral.' 
@USERS OH FUCK-
@USER Oops guess the liberals will call him a racist and a nazi along will all the other names on the book
@USERS I thought the Krebs trials couldn't say one way or the other if this was effective. So as usual giving more money to their friends
@USERS Even Chris Evert said that people normally wise up and stop after the first warning or their second warning. Serena kept going. It sucks it ended the way it did but if you keep arguing and making comments after a second warning then what was she expecting?
@USER Awww look how cute he is! beaming face with smiling eyes winking face with tongue 
@USER Raise your hand if you are a boomer and you are going to fall for the next resistance grift http
@USERS You are the most wonderful of Fremino
@USERS This is going shake the church to the ground!
@USER How about telling Senator Cory Spartacus Booker to stop taking money from big pharma And how about if AARP stops being so biased towards the liberals and remember that some of your customers are Republicans
@USER Fools No respect
@USERS to be reported to for inciting VIOLENCE against Trump Supporters. He is making lists to target Trump Supporters for Antifa.
@USER fucking s league football http
@USER Guilty old perv
@USER And yet the liberals keep piling in people from countries like this with ideals like this and preach upon to us women's rights and respect for all. does not make sense to me it is double talk
@USERSAntifa the brain child of the democRATS. democrats hate america democrats antifa
@USER Just noticed that twitter will block anything about a certain billionaire who buys people to accuse conservatives of wrong doing.
@USERS I love the way Leona Alleslev has seen through the Liberals. She has undoubtedly seen the destruction of our choice of service to our country. Trudeau's father started its destruction in the 60's and it hasn't changed Juniors goal of destruction either. Thank you for joining us.
@USERS Thank you 
@USER Good. He is a head case. Go get a Passrusher
@USER Sod the EU. Tell them you are gone by Monday and enjoy the panic that follows.
@USER The Liberals backed by the NDP corrupted Ontario's taxpayers with hedgefunders in Ontario and the USA. This is just the beginning of a process to expose these crimes and more is on the way.
 or or Rean's Arcane Gale is broken. If he is going to be able to use that from scratch in Sen IV because of his demon form it is going to be cool using it in every battle!
@USER condemn Antifa for attacking peaceful protesters.there was once a time that Joe Biden was viewed as someone who could be a bridge builder but you succumbed and caved to the evil ways of the Demon-crats and went over to the Dark Side.what would your son think.
@USER But gun control will keep the terrorists from shooting
@USER You've been selected by Liberals! Are you cheating on your voters. You should have changed your mind before the election Ms. Alleslev
@USER Same and he is mine too dhudbe! There is a reason he is my lock screen 
10 Places to promote your blog for Free for Massive Traffic If you are one of those bloggers that expect your blog http
@USER And all they have to do is say a half hearted apology and it all goes away. But let a conservative say anything close and they are ruined for life. These mentally deranged Liberals are totally disgusting jerks!
@USER He is Spartacus.
@USER You are beginning to sound just like a stuck record Brian. Why do not you go and find something less boring to do instead.
@USERS The liberals will stop at nothing.
@USERSI am not sure if he is really on a low carb diet. Most hospitals do not carry low carb muffins .
@USERS Better check your history Jr. Look back at Nazi Germany and and compare them to ANTIFA they are a direct match. And the Democrat party is but 1 step behind.
@USERS Kerry needs prosecuted for colluding with Iran. This needs to be done quickly. Revoke his security clearance &amp remove his passport. He is a traitor--always has been!
@USERS Someone should tell her that voters have to be at least 18 and be citizens. cannot imagine adults with critical thinking skills could ever vote for her again.
@USER Forev women with bunny ears selector http
@USER all these things you mentioned mean nothing to those of us who love our country! Our freedom and country mean more to us than anything of this world maga kag http
@USERS The MeToo movement is just an extension of the democrats KKK &amp the hate group Antifa, it is just another form of lynching those who oppose their agenda. MeToo people jump on ban wagons, in the name of justice to perpetuate mass bullying of those who threaten to expose them 
@USERS She cannot tell her story while I was my car in the rain. Yes. She is a whore her life is just that. Fuck people for money. This is no exceptions
@USERS He is adorable 
@USERS He should face a jury instead of the pope!
@USERS trump may not be the one who started this mess but he can stop it. If he does not he is part of the problem.
@USER Girl he is fine. 
@USER And this traitor thinks he is?
 Part 3 Hey, Potato. or or Yeah? How is our inkling girl sidekick so OP? or or .Good question. She really is strange, isn't she? or or Yeah but she IS our sidekick. 
@USERS How right you are.
How wonderful to see our President on the ground in New Burn NC handing out hot meals and spending time with the hurricane victims! Rare site to see a US President who cares so much about the American people. WE love you @USER so thankful for your service to our country. maga
@USERS Political hit job. What a slap in the face to all the women that were really abused. You liberals know this is a hit. Your leader told you to lie and do whatever you have to do to regain power. Pathetic
@USER it is like that mother with the spoiled rotten bad as heck kid. She still loves that brat and when bad things happen to him because he is a brat and deserves it-she still sympathizes with her child. Norm should realize when your livelihood depends on.
@USERS Further proves antifa members are larping.you clowns not John Wick and this not Imagination Land.
@USER Eight years the republicans denied obama's picks. Breitbarters outrage is as phony as their fake president.
GREAT COMEDY THERE CNN - NEWS? NOT SO MUCH! maga license reporters http
@USER I am and I am voting absentee for the first time in a midterm! maga
@USER Got your ass 
@USER Liberals at the trough of America getting free ears!
@USER iNDEED her @ is danikaharrod go follow her because she is the cutest and shitposts from tdp sometimes jhdsfhjsg
@USER A curly fry in horsey sauce at Arbys and a fry-frosty at Wendys is how you fast food.
@USERS I do not even understand what you are saying. Wow.
@USERS Yes they can, Dickey Amendment None of the funds made available in this title may be used, in whole or in part, to advocate or promote gun control, the provision states. They can research all they want, they just have to stay out of politics around gun control. 
7th and 8th grade football will be looking for parent volunteers to help assist with our concession stand. If you are interested you my email me at darell.maddox@USER
@USER She went to my high school. Dumb liberals are prevalent in my area
@USERS Not really I have several shares in Nike I am a capitalist not a socialist. I believe in free markets. I can use liberals for my advantages. You on the other hand keep standing with your representatives they will lead you down the golden path of higher taxes and wealth sharing
@USER Of course they shouldnt cause its obviously complete bs. They just want it delayed and when its time for the vote again theyll come up w or another plant accuser. And why does every supposed victim of apparent rape liberals come up with always look like a lesbian art teacher 
@USER Hate mongering is No solution for NFL KNEELERS - change up your playbook losers
@USERS Well, there wouldn't BE a rush if did not sit on this allegation since July. But, hey. do not let the facts get in the way of a good slander of conservatives, right http 
@USERS He totally dodged the question about how he is making millions of dollars off Stormy Daniels while she still has to strip to make a living. He is unethical.
@USERS Trump is declassifying information and there is nothing you can do about it. He is NOT the subject of an investigation. The FBI and DOJ have repeatedly said as much. Go back to your quackery.
 2 if you are not registered to vote. Go and register. You can also do same day registration in Connecticut if you cannot before November 6.
@USERS I SHITTED or SHAT YTD AND LOST 0.6KG CAN you BELIEVE IT
 do not these PIGS have a job? do not these SLOBS have a life? Where is there outrage against bill clinton keith ellison harvey weinstein THESE PROTESTERS ARE HYPOCRITES! maga http
@USERS Maybe consider this instead Theresa May isn't real name. She's Annette Johnson a Mediterranean and the conservatives are now a terrorist org. Sod chequers hear-no-evil monkey smiling face with halo white medium star rainbow white medium star http
@USERS Common sense tells us she is lying. The story stinks. Justice and the metoo movement force us to give her a platform to answer questions and be taken seriously. She should dace consequences if it is proven without a doubt that she is lying.
@USER yes because you are my cakefriend
@USERS Are you feeling okay? Because you are coming across as slightly hysterical.
@USERS Says the man who stands against sensible gun control. hypocrite
@USERS Come up with realistic gun control instead of things like this. It will never pass in America.
@USER I love the video articles and the diagrams. The stories are not too long and you are doing a great job of teaching. In fact I'd love to see more.
ANTIFA Soy Boy just was not as tough as he imagined. It never turned out like this in the video games he played. http
@USERS Mehn you are too sweet
@USERS Ford and the conservatives hates the displays of democratic freedoms hence their attacks on the Canadian charter of rights and freedoms and their hate for minorities constitutional rights conservatives attack on democracy in canada the cpc is a political hate group
@USERS This proves that liberals only care about these issues when Republicans are in control.
@USERS How about your outrage over this? Do something so you can be credible instead of being perceived as demagogues partisans maga http
@USERS he is having a go at people who love David Gilmour but who think Roger Waters is a bit of a dick. Obviously.
@USERS She is lying to you. She is outright lying.
@USERS Advocating for herself is ridiculous fam?
@USERS that is messed up. walk away Congresswoman M. Waters has ZERO control of her demon within. that is what happens when she &amp other stupid a greedy folks willfully submit their souls to the Devil. Satan was defeated again in 2016. america first maga 
@USERS Which has no bearing at all on how he will vote on abortion and gun control and the President's legal issues.
@USERS You cannot tell us conservatives that did not connive with to keep all of this under wrap till time for final POTUS vote.#DirtyPolitics
@USER this is fucking hilarious
@USERS This is what revenge lies like! kavanaugh maga http
 @USER your lord and master. blah blah blah Liberals are so over the top dramatic about everything grinning squinting face http 
@USER You are such a fucking pu$$y little chinless Donny.
@USERS They are violating the conservatives freedom of speech. it is CENSORSHIP. IMPORTANT Thought Today it is being used against conservatives But who is to say what will be tomorrow? Depends on Who is holding the power sounds like how Communism to me
@USERS Why does everyone else get attacked by Antifa type groups who never go to jail and also gets extreme negative media coverage that insights the violence. Except LibLabCon? Why? stitch up
@USERS He is adorable
@USER Who cares! He is a sick head!
@USER If you are talking about Kavanaugh there is only an uncorroborated accusation but even then the conservatives I have seen haven't dismissed it.
@USERS Not so much. Trump is mental. He is president. He responds badly to opposition well to praise. Graham needs to get through Mueller investigation &amp judges. Trump will then be asked to step down. Pence will be president &amp will pardon whole family. New judges in place. The end.
@USERS Ummm theres video of it and the coach literally admitted to it . Maybe read before having strong shitty opinions
@USER Hyperbole? white heavy check mark Libel? white heavy check mark Shit fact checking? white heavy check mark Must be. thinking face . ANTIFA! white heavy check mark 
@USER Trump will blame it on the immigrants for coming and 'liberals' for noticing. He likely thinks Head Start or HIV are wasteful spending. Comgress can no longer pass 'broad' budgets. They will need to itemize every $ and forbid diversion without Congressional permission
@USERS This guy Kerry is one do nothing damn politician where does he get off going over sea's and trying to undermined our President now this is a Traitor for sure you better watch this S.O.B. !
@USERS YOU ARE REALLY AN ARMY ajsvsnsksjsj I LOVE YOU FAMILY
@USER No Cadwell but Yes Former Antifa. http
@USERS Totally not the way Antifa works.
@USERS Especially since you are a fascist nazi as I can tell by your profile you people are pathetic shame on you !
@USERS I KNOW! So wonderful. I am on a one woman campaign to bring and Therese back. He may be starting to think I am a little pushy about it.
@USER he is a cutie
@USERS Those aren't conservatives those are whackos. The religious zealots that isn't the Republican Party and we denounce them. Do you denounce antifa?
@USERS Understand the meaning of America by reading Creating the Declaration of Independence by and share your knowledge of the American Creed with your fellow citizens. http maga kag 
@USER that is my place weary face 
@USERS He is a pedophile and a criminal! He deserves to be fired!
@USER it is TRUE and she is SO VALID
@USER I do not know if this cat even realizes what he is doing.
@USERSExactly! The pure hatred has blinded them. I've never seen mobs of people on here all go nuts.Makes you realize that self awareness is crucial right now locally if its like that on here honestly. I stay focused &amp will be like that more so now. Doing an absentee ballot too
@USERS is inciting VIOLENCE via Twitter to accounts supporting POTUS. He has made lists to have us targeted by ANTIFA.etc.
 51. A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with. A man is what he makes of himself. - Alexander Graham Bell push awards may wards
@USERSJust a punk ass POS POG. THANK YOU KGO! red heart thumbs up 
@USER Eric Holder should be in prison.
@USERS #UKIP scotland MEP David coburn MEP just said on Theresa may is capitulating. She should have, at the start, organised leaving EU with no deal &amp then put her deal on the table and told EU that is what you get or it is no deal. br exit now. #Conservatives 
@USERS That was fucking fast holy shit 
@USER Good shit! Kaepernick is a great model for young kids who play football to stand up for what they believe in
@USERS why do not the likes of just do as their bosses instruct them &amp as long as is protected the will never give a shite what happens on the streets of this country
@USERS She just knew she was having a girl! She is excited now!
@USERS All business owners are involved in lawsuits on a regular basis. It is whatbour society has become. Liberals constantly looking for a handout.
@USERS Yes. that is why Aus. Conservatives, Bob Katter &amp Family First have formed Government for the last 50 years.because we are inherently conservative ! conservative comedy
@USER Holy shit. You better not be drinking milk after eating that. Or else. nauseated face 
@USERSNice group of maga follow back thanks !
4 dead in mass shooting at Fifth Third Bank building in downtown Cincinnati'. Deep State Fake News Crisis Actor Alert! Gun Control bullshit . F'off Feinstein or Obama! http via @
@USERS How about she is related to another creepy fusion GPS? how about THAT ? http
@USERS What in the wide world of sports is go'in on here? Pansies.
@USER You should seriously consider that maybe YOU are the one who is always wrong &amp these people are correct. because you are wrong in your supposition here for most of them smirking face 
@USERS Liberals have always wanted to get their hands in your wallet and and now they want to get them in your pants.
@USERSMorning and check out my NEW MAGA Kids Book! Written and Illustrated by a Trump America Loving OIF Veteran! http maga trump2020
@USERS Loved to hate MR in Bobby Brown show. That guy really screwed those kids back in the day. Please let him go through all HWs drama. He is my favorite &amp then Jerry. Maybe they should have a show Andy?
@USER They cannot talk about what Trump is doing because he is doing everything that he promised. The economy is better than ever. If the Congress will do their job and get rid of the Crooks at the FBI DOJ And CIA and APPOINT A SPECIAL PROSECUTER And START ARRESTING and Prosecuting
@USERS Amazing all the projection she is doing.
I also need to address this question Why did President Trump hire two lawyers that would hire Robert Mueller when they did not have to? maga
@USERS politics live decision to go into bed with the in the coalition will be his down fall for years to come.
27 reported deaths in Sutherland TX church shooting. Dems already calling for gun control and shootings and I am just waiting for to report on the pedophile content that allows. There is a reason American media does what the establishment has been trying to tell you to stop taking
@USER My pharmacist is a friend and he told me ALL about it last year! THANK YOU for opening discussing how pharmacists are being held hostage rather than tell WE THE people about the price fixes! maga
@USER you never talk to me shut up 
@USER HE IS
@USER Gupta. You are a dreamer. 7 years cannot be compared to a telephone call that lasted for 35 minutes. I did not want you to testify in the State Capture inquiry. You are moving according to our plan now. Remember 7 years of planning and calculating all the dots.
@USER he is legit
@USER Bullshit! My daughters and I watched the tennis match and sarrena got what she deserved. We are big Williams fans. No one is above the game.
@USER I know but look outside the box its like when Rush Limbaugh lost his shit. They remind me of each other so in my head its funny.
. you know. Mami TJHAN always has this scary and creepy flirty gaze when she is around me or. Miu.
@USER Nigga you are tweeting in the shower ? I hope Siri drown
@USER He has the msm covering up
@USERS Nobody is greek , that nation was lost, if it ever existed at all. You are Subsaharan. 
@USER You still haven't answered my question about whether our country could keep its law enforcement officers safer if gun control laws were not subject to the limitations of the 2nd Amendment? http al politics
@USER Ren oppa! I love you you are cute smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USERS THERE ARE MORE JOBS AVAILABLE THAN people TO FILL THEM . Said by you, NEVER. you failed trump2020 maga make american great again opportunity knocks
@USERS That explains why some leftists were also shadowbanned.
@USER Good. Maybe they'll give it to him.
@USERS Brains and beauty. Love her show. Now she is on prime time Oct 15th. I get to watch the whole show. Yay!
 #politicsLive Unfortunately the @USER are still discussing what it is! Wasted 2 years so far! Perhaps because the idea is not viable? just a thought http 
2.7 bilion euros would buy a lot of hospitals. Another triumph for the @USER and their brilliant Brexit team http
@USER Zim is? If he is than what's that make Peyton? . http
@USER Can anybody explain how many stages of TDS there are?
@USERS less money . Funny. The only person concerned with profit in healthcare is you. I and everyone else in the country want the carpet baggers to go fleece someone else, or better still, find something to do that does not involve seeking rent from essential public services. 
@USER She is such a cutie
@USER You are the second person in 2 minutes to tell me that. Apparently I am sitting on a Smelly Cat-sized fortune!
@USER Soros paid antifa and the like not Christian conservatives for sure
@USERS Is the vulgar Antifa creep TRYING to look like a woman.or is it that he just cannot HELP IT?
 @USER The principaled conservatives have left the building. 
@USER Fuck my Rick ?
@USERS This is proof the liberal left cannot think for themselves and have to be told what to say.
@USERS These women knew the knuckledraggers they were marrying and voting for. I have no sympathy for them. They should burn in hell for what they're doing to their daughters and granddaughters. They're the innocents here- not women stuffing guns down their yoga pants and yelling MAGA
osho quotes via @USER Listen to your being. It is continuously giving you hints. It is a still, small voice. It does not shout at you, that is true. And if you are a little silent you will start feeling your way. Be the person you are. Never try http http
.@USER Yes. Debunked. http
@USER She is the worst. But what can you expect when you consider what she has to personally gain from his confirmation
@USERS Corruption except for my household and Socialism except for my household gun control except when I need to be protected . Shall I go on? man facepalming selector 
22 kids a day. Every day. http
@USERS He did win.he is my president
@USERS Christian conservatives do not have an orange god . Neither black, white, green, pink, or any other color. His name is YAHWEH! 
@USER Arrest holder for high crimes against the Republic.
@USERS Like my sweet baby boy who wants to be a girl? He or she is going to become a strong proud black woman when he grows up! http
@USER Maybe while he is on the DL someone can show how to wear his hat
@USER Aww. he is such a busy monster.
@USER You after the Mounties come and get you for being a dirty pervert on the Internet.only you are 150 pounds heavier than him but you get the point http
@USER She is such a ham!
@USERS westminster house of lords tories br exit United Kingdom labour party labour What a bunch of hypocrites angry face A total shower of shite angry face angry face angry face http
@USER As you typed you think everyone is like you? And read it. It means the question is referring to the reader. And at the case you are the reader. Nigeria effect
@USERS All the above are under UK control we did not have to wait to leave to decide and deliver areas already fully under UK control. At this rate 33 months will be wasted plus the time to sign a new UK or EU27 trade agreement. Britain on hold. or 4 br exit britain
@USERSBreaking Radical Antifa footage. http
@USER Cat fight http
@USERS Dangerous to liberals for sure open the flood gates!
@USERS Oh Rookie you are we're as adorable then and you are now! Quite the baseball family tree.
2 Teump haters together - only extreme liberals watch http
@USER Tough to say because football manages to appeal to all sides of the spectrum except maybe the far most liberals. sorry for the rant 
@USER Now we know the gun control stance of The Residents.
@USERS ANTIFA displays hate on those they disagree with.you are being hypocritical!
@USER Fantastic! The Alamo is sacred to us. She is a blight on the history of time. Better left erased! United States United States 
 @USER Same paint ball range they used for the antifa vs Proudboy match last year 
 @USER how Antifa's extremism is facism in the making Now I am making the face in your avi 
@USERS I know a man who went to prison at 18 for killing a cow. He took the hind quarter home He was given 5yr. He is over 50. Why should he not be able to vote. do not talk pardon. They are seldom given.
@USERS I think maybe we should give another party a try. Maybe 'For Britian'.
1. This is a local Fox station not the national Fox News broadcast. 2. If you'd follow anyone outside your liberal bubble you would know the vast majority of conservatives are outraged by this too. http
@USER Yes Melania is wearing her I do not GIVE A S T JACKET AND DONALD CHUMP IS WEARING HIS GO F K YOURSELF JACKET JUST LIKE ALWAYS. HE SAID THAT GOD TRUMP IS IN DA HOUSE AND HE IS ABOVE THE LAW. We did a marvelous job in PR many went without electricity for 6 months but it is cool.
@USER republicans conservatives independents Listen ear up the hill a rites democrats are repeating history do not stand for it. confirm kavanaugh now! http
@USER Be quiet SheDevil http
unseal the deals of congress Sexual Assault slush funds NOW pls @USER folded hands maga because we the people WANT to Know! The hypocrisy of double standard dems is SICKENING! backhand index pointing left declassify fisa backhand index pointing left declassify release 302sun redacted backhand index pointing left &amp declassify pows documents while yr at it. thumbs up dark to light http
@USER yes and she is the biggest joke in BB history.
@USERSThank you! red heart selector 
@USERS So pointing at the umpire and calling him thief is berating and walking very fast toward an official and calling them f ing moron is not? I think it is clear who needs help. You are a man perhaps?
@USER thanks Joe! my sanity was forsaken a looong time ago 
@USER So do a lot of pedophiles from the catholic church
@USER And the liberals wonder why we do not want transgenders in our bathrooms?
@USERS And your entire argument ignores th fact that gun control affects law abiding citizens way more that it does criminals. You think they care about background checks? Restrictions? Etc? No. that is why we call them criminals.
@USER If they do this then I am all FOR the former in that scenario with regards to antifa.
@USER he is literally incapable of this.
@USER My son do not know his he is better off dead nice message tho your heart was in a good place
@USERS Conservative women are invisible to liberals. It makes us stealth. We are actually what feminists aspire to be. We know what we think. We know what we expect. We vote. And that is our superpower.
@USERS The purrfect portrait! She even has her tail wrapped around her paws! She is beautiful in this shot!
@USERS no maybe cause you are a hateful buttmunch. We reap what we sew
@USER Ew. Also bitte!
@USER beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy because he is NOT IMPORTANT
@USERS I believe this is what you are refering to http
@USERS foolish Why because some idiots are doing whatever they can to sabotage him and ? Liberals are acting completely immoral and have no respect for those millions of legal voters who voted for lets govern
After going through the system i cameto know that being a criminal illegal is most reputed and easy job rather than a simple illegal person.
@USERS How does that make him the best in the country though? There was nothing special about the throw. How does that make me butt hurt ?
@USER Wouldn't it be easier to close the loopholes that allow guns to get into the wrong hands? This article by Duke's Center for Children and Families provides a good overview on the subject. http
@USERS Boo hoo hoo you lose
@USERS If everyone of them own guns would they feel the same way about gun control?
@USER She is an ALEC puppet. If they do not move the string on her back that works her mouth then she does nothing.
@USER Holder was the most ethically challenged AG ever. A total disgrace to the office.
@USER fool
@USER he is not even one of the strongest conservatives that could have been nominated and it has still come to this.
@USER Good look
@USERS Definitely not as strange as her. that is for sure. Shes a professor at a alt-left university. All those folks are kooky. trump maga
@USERS -its quite obvious the morons at the Star are totally unaware that Canada already has extremely Tight gun control laws -which by the way criminals never have and never will Adhere to - You have to be a very special kind of stupid to be believe that by banning 
@USERS Can you name one Democratic leader who endorses open borders? Second point syntactically nonsensical. I lament climate change &amp I do not have a private jet. I favor more gun control &amp I do not glorify guns or have armed security. Who is this fantasy they you r fixated on?
@USER Beto the clown who supports the kneeling NFL thugs
@USERS I also grew up in California. does not matter where you are from. And just because you've heard worse does not mean jack. The president of the united states should not brag about that. Nor about watching beauty pageant contestants change. 
@USERSThe FBI would be the proper authority to administer this polygraph despite their corruption at the top of their organization.
@USER The best hope for gun control is banning bullet proof backpacks. Because why do they need it if they are not a terrorist?
@USERS And by liberals you mean conservatives.
@USER I am just here to see which liberals decide to politicize this tragedy despite Cincy having tight gun control . eyes 
@USER WHAT i cannot like HE IS LEGIT WATCHING my ever move In Rehab!
@USER Steven Wilson is coming back to NY in December! I cannot wait! He is one favorite live performers! Hope all is well.
@USER Funny that even the woman that brought Roe vs. Wade to the scotus regretted it later. It was one thing to have a medical emergency that required an abortion though rare &amp another to have liberals celebrating killing their unborn children &amp pretending it is health care.
@USER presenting her new work on how social psychologists should challenge our perspective on the differences between conservatives and liberals at dgps2018 http
@USER I hope they will let Cem in America for now until z eyal gets back together. So when he gets back Alihan can proudly show off she is off limit face with tears of joy ya sake lma
@USER Holder belongs in jail.
@USER you are a shining light in a dark world
@USER you are literally white nationalist radicals and enemies of the state. you are lucky you are not being hunted down by federal agents like the terrorists you are.but the citizenry will act in the state's place soon enough. ACTA NON VERBA. the resistance resist trump antifa http
@USER And it was Hillary by a landslide I think? do not believe polls
@USERS Can you fuck off already
@USER Cause the CIA and FBI WAS good at the time to cover up the greatest corruption ever made by Hussein Obama administration. it is all coming out All involved with the Deep State.
@USERSWhat if you wanting gun control offended me? Should you be fined?
@USER But couldn't take care of Racism that was created during his presidency. never heard the words Equality come out of his mouth. We are a melting pot!
@USER I completely agree! We can uphold the second amendment AND have common sense gun control. I am a responsible gun owner. But no citizen needs military grade weapons or high capacity magazines. To find the problem follow the $!
@USERS I concede that is likely the case. I do think there's quite a number of people who are being anti-Serena because of who she is
@USER How dare they!? Please miss us with all this. http
@USERS American Conservatives do not give one shit about the terrorist group Hamas or what they think and or believe.
@USER We are still here. And you are still singing with your amazing voice. So grateful for folks who stand up and carry on. two hearts 
@USER She is unfit for office . Mentally deranged. unstable.
@USER Enthusiastic does not mean collusion or treasonous
@USER it is off of Santa Clarita 9on Netflix it is funny as fuck!
@USER Because he covers things up very well!
trump washing and US liberals' historical amnesia are the real definition of Trump Derangement Syndrome. http
@USER Of course she is.
@USER Of course it does. But they weren't interested to him. Domestic abuse is still domestic abuse. So I hope you did not use this fake rumor just to shit on the habs and that you actually care about domestic abuse.
@USERSYou mean like antifa? Using the exact same tactics the brown shirts used to bring Hitler to power?
@USER sounds like me Ddd
@USERS Her friends. Probably liberals also, so I would imagine they are willing to lie to undermine the nomination. Sure, she told us months ago 
@USER Her brain is still somewhere lost in The Matrix. Then again Liberals are just plain delusional no matter what. oncoming fist http
@USER The Pyro from tf2? 0c
@USER Talk to her. Get to know who she is
@USERS You are asking for evidence to prove that it wasn't a double standard and then excuse it before you see the evidence. I've watched tennis for years. I already know a double standard exists. I do not know how you can question it.
@USERS American terrorists. We need strict punishment for these lawless thugs. STOP powdering Antifa's ass. back the blue blue heart black heart get tough
@USERS should be returning punts in my opinion. He is money bag 
@USERS Exactly! You have shined a light on the core issue. And I have been saying this for years to deaf ears. Conservatives have to start supporting conservative voices and messages in the arts. Until then they will always be fighting from a defensive position.
@USERS that is always been the critique to be honest--hence the champagne socialist or privileged white antifa tropes 
@USERS So handsome you are! I think people should donate the shoes to our homeless veterans and other homeless Americans, after they sew a no circle over the emblem. 
@USERS Sanchez sucks. He is killing this Team in my opinion.
@USERS Funny how 50s-70s weren't all that great for black people, poc, women. maga wants to pretend there was this magical time, read all white &amp men ruled . Irony is it wasnt even great for a lot of them if they werent rich. That whole draft into war thing for one. 
@USERS There is help for your mental illness. Good grief you liberals are seriously disturbed.
@USERS There were bad people on both sides. Or do you support Antifa?
@USER the dopest most illest female artist ever! that is fucken queen right there hands down! Try to argue widdit face savoring food face blowing a kiss 
@USERS Pay your back taxes yet ? Still have armed private security even after you screamed about gun control ? Your husband still talk to Harvey everyday ? Move out of your glass house ?
@USER Real victims of sexual assault or harassment see how liberals are politicizing this horrendous act of betrayal. It makes me so angry. I was a victim. But not to remember details? I call BS. PTSD still effects me to this day 42 years later &amp 20+ yrs of counselling. Ask my husband.
@USER Your husband is loosing it. He is fat and crooked and fake. Throwing paper towels! He has lost his grip on reality. I do not know how you can help him. He needs lots of help.
@USERSshana tova my antifa warrior friends. 24-7-365 'LIVE' Jerusalem WEBCAM --- TEMPLE MOUNT http
 @USER All this is common sense as long as you aren't throwing bottles and M80's at civilians like all the dumbasses at antifa protests. The whole violence is sometimes necessary, idea that antifa and BLM and communists spread, is retarded y'all. you are kill civilians dummies. 
@USER He did not just lose his talent. He battled demons &amp played on an embarrassment of a franchise. He is now in an ideal situation. I believe he is still an elite WR but I guess only time will tell.
wilson You are the love of my life! sonny kiri ak is will horton freddie smith chandler massey days I am so happy with days right now. http
 .it should not be surprising that conservatives increasingly want to take that ultimate power of life and death away from the Government. http 
@USERS LOESCH UNLEASHED Dana exposes the racist core of leftist gun control only at yaf YAFTV, 8Sep2018 Gun control . is the Government telling you it does not trust you. http 
@USER He is such a cutie! I love him!
@USER Liberals .cry and complain that all they do http
@USER do not judge us Mainers by this clearly insane proclamation. he is off his pins.
 @USER In Trump world, Your name is Toby, a fine name, now SAY YOUR NAME! that is what the maga means to Trumpers! http 
@USERS If you look at his ANTIFA list.you will note many high profile names. I intend to comment on these accounts using his Twitter Account name.just to inform. .he is aware I have reported him to Twitter.he sent an angry tweet my way.
@USERS Antifa is a domestic terrorist group http
@USER I am just as surprised as you are
@USERS He said both sides had good people on them. Why is it bad to say that not everyone who went there were white suprematists and not all the people there were ANTIFA? That nuance.
@USER I do not know any GOP who think delusion. I do know GOP who realize that LIBERALS lie about everything.
@USER Bull
mueller witchhunt Double Standard - Paul mana fort and feinstein s China Spy http deep state corruption deep state fbi corruption maga kag kag2018 kag2020 keep america great mana fort trial case n kavanaugh confirm kavanaugh http TW308
@USER He is as slimy as that hair do not!
@USER Umm fuck yeah I would
Ahh my ears hurt from listening in the earphones.still his voice was sexy
@USER She is a murderer and your whole department should be ashamed of this cover up. SHAME ON THE DALLAS PD! THERE IS NOTHING NOBLE OR RESPECTABLE ABOUT HOW YOUR DEPARTMENT IS HANDLING THIS SITUATION. YOU ARE AIDING A CRIMINAL AND SHOWING YOU do not CARE ABOUT THE CITIZENS OF DALLAS
@USERS Aren't you late for your antifa meeting?
 stop sign Truthfeed News stop sign backhand index pointing right 'Schumer and Feinstein Go HYSTERICAL and Issue Unhinged Demands to Delay Kavanaugh Vote' maga2a prolife http
@USER I am so sorry for his mother's loss. I cannot imagine the grief she is going through.
7 hospital personnel shot dead in Wisconsin with 20-gauge Winchester pump-action shotgun. The NRA blames gun control laws.
@USERS Antifa is hatred incarnate
@USER Because she is
@USER Looks like gun control man shrugging selector 
 @USER Actually should read as liberal MP leaves liberals for another liberal party 
@USER Can we send this piece of pile of poo to the tower? Wouldn't it be nice if we could do as Great Britain once did. I say build the wall and tower at the same time just in time for the Hillary Clinton NONpresidential suite! 
@USER MAYBE. HMM. I do not KNOW. FIX THE MUSIC KIT AGRESSIVE MVP SOUND THAT PLAYS AT FULL VOLUME EVEN IF ITS OFF IN SETTINGS I am TYPING IN CAPS BECAUSE I JUST WENT DEAF AFTER A WHOLE TEAM USED THAT KIT 
@USERS I am sorry you think is telling you the truth on his Twitter feed. he is not. He is an employee of the and gets paid to lie. it is his job.
@USER Anyone supporting nike or kap is antiAmerican http
@USERS YOU PROBABLY NEED MORE GUN CONTROL AND MORE Government AND MORE TAXES. LESS IS MORE.
@USERS I think the easiest way to label them would be that they are conservatives who are ok with the LBGQT community and pro rights. Somehow that is supposed to make them liberal.
@USER CREEPY!
4 . How much is American tax payers contributing to Trump's corporation by his golfing every weekend at his course-the one who wasn't going to golf! 5 . Why is the NRA stopping any gun control which will cost how many student lives this year? This is the sad reality of congress!
@USER Goodell should resign. That would be social justice.
@USER Easiest math class EVER! 0 character + 0 morals + 0 ethics divided by 0 truth equals to 0 Hillary !
@USERS Yes, that is why you need to bring in gun control. Even better. You shoot yourself in the foot real well. I am going to harass a school shooting survivor ass . 
@USER it is a shame you are so damned unattractive.
@USER He can put kae per nick on his squad anytime. just do it
@USERS So?what's wrong with white guys?. I am a PROUD Caucasian &amp Colombian American woman and I happen to like ALL these WHITE men that represent me.especiallySen.Kennedy.We are soooo done with identity politics from liberals.
@USERS is unstoppable! This QB cannot be this good can he? Have to feel for He needs to transfer. cannot help but have a funny feeling he is going to save Bama at some point this year. Never know. 
@USERS Already many common sense laws on the books. Common sense also calls for holding people accountable when they fail miserably like they did at Parkland. Left always wants to blame gun owners just to push for more gun control rather than being honest about it.
@USER He needs to fade into the sunset quickly. His music sucks and no one cares about his political views. Unfortunately he is too ignorant to realize. Only concert I went to where a political diatribe completely. ruined it completely.
@USERS How about trump sending out memes while he is president of him bashing Hilary with a folding chair
4. oh my god so many of you are funny.how can I choose? I have to mention @USER . She is one of the newest peeps I've had the pleasure to speak to on Twitter lately. Her tweets constantly make me laugh and makes my day better.
 1. I largely regret looking to one more conservative and more right leaning perhaps even relatively speaking for America on topics relating to transgender in relation to modern incarnations of conservatives on YouTube these people are referred to as anti-SJWs and the 
@USER this avi! Who you think you are.
@USERS Because I knew it would flush out the one Dutch antifa on Twitter. I was feeling lonely. 
@USERS it is not safe anyway because he is a liar! You can NEVER get to the bottom of a liar!
@USERS is correct. Watch. Initial bump from SJWs but over the next few months will suffer significantly. Conservatives are patient.
@USER Notice how much he keeps looking around? He is looking for a little girl to touch. He is a disgrace to our country. maga
@USERSSenseless crying face Gun Control Now! Vote Blue and end this American nightmare.
@USER yessir
@USER She is loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face 
@USER . How many fake cases of hate have liberals made up sense the election? Really sad liberals will lie about anything to get what they want. But cannot really expect much from people who need safe spaces and attack people who do not agree with them
 According to a student that spoke under condition of anonymity, the furniture in Johnson Hall has been replaced by even shittier couches. seu day
@USER Colin cowherd is a clown just when you think he is going to make a point he just spews out garbage there is no way you look at both goff and trubisky and say goff has the higher ceiling. Maybe the higher floor but only because he is in yr 2 of Mcvays offense
@USERS If antifa weren't using violence they wouldn't have a hope of doing this. Jokes &lt Violence
Hey @USER great to see your tax cuts and wider fiscal policies doing so well! winning maga http
@USER Beto or whomever move and support immigrantsilegals into your home
@USER Wow. Lying comes so easily to you liberals. Scary.
@USERS Rotten character or what we call in Spanish mal character
4 weeks until we go back to this awesome place. Some awful behaviour from adults staring at her skin but she is a wee fighter. 11 months clear now and her confidence back. blue heart http
@USERS I realize there are violent Trump supporters too but pale on comparison to the left. Does Antifa ring a bell?
Affirmative. We understand the situation. wwg1wga maga http
@USERS Commissar says you have his blessing.
 @USER Why are you acknowledging her existence. Time to block her and give us all a break. She is a nobody . She use to be a funny comedian who gave away her power to hate and lost almost everything. 
@USERS When mentioned years of economic pain , was he referring to + imposed austerity?http 
@USER weather
@USERS Yep FBI and CIA were operating like the KGB.to conservatives.much like Robert KGB Mueller is doing now
@USERS Both sides are ANTIFA.KKK. Gotta stop
@USER Fuck Alan I am sorry
@USER Her own party does not want that
@USER What you are suggesting is thoughts &amp prayers wouldn't have given you this picture that science &amp technological advances did? science
@USER GOD DAMN IT. YOU ARE SO RIGHT. THERE'S NO GOING WRONG WITH THIS STUFF.
@USERS Poor Tiffany. The best of the Trumps she is for sure.
@USERS Lookin good! He is a pretty awesome guy!
@USERS So you are saying all people who were opposed to the Democrats and Antifa in Charlotte were Nazis? Is that your claim?
@USERS do not know what you mean by independent media but I read MSM and they tell me that antifa are, in fact, the violent leftists who are causing all the problems at protests. What I see is right-wing media painting all Liberal protestors as the same as antifa. 
@USERS bullshit. I live in NH. My daughter goes to school in Cali. She is considered a non-resident. THis is clearly a move to fraud the citizens of NH
@USERS Ooh very handsome Archie that looks beautiful were you are at is it your new gaff behind you face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss 
@USER He is growing fast loudly crying face 
@USER you are Yesterday's fake news trying to make a comeback at the desperation and obstruction of Do Nothing liberals &amp democrats Who cares what happened when you were a Minor in high school. you are not the victim here. Just another MeToo sexual misconduct Baiter and Switcher.
@USER But she has no concrete facts. But to Dems a lie is good enough.
@USERS a good speaker good listener maga United States 
 3 Conservatives think it because the NeoCon infiltration that successfully corrupted, and nearly destroyed, conservatism has been brainwashing them for decades to accept anything with the free trade label as good - and anything with protectionist attached to it as bad. 
@USER You are my sunshine my only sunshine beating heart musical notes 
@USERS Do you know why this shameless muslim socialist is still so arrogant and believes in himself thst he thinks he is such a good politician? I'll tell you why. So many Stupid American Voters per Gruber that are so gullible!
@USER cnn will go down in flames with the rest of the liberals. They are far too clueless to change.
@USERS Did you reply to him with Haleigh for AFP? I think he is blocking for that.
@USER He is so lame outside the cage. Killer in the cage
@USERS That isn't a bill about LGBT sex workers it is a bill on sex workers in general.Harris has a very good record as attested by LGBT orgs.I mean if we are playing that game you could argue that Bernie votes on gun control has impacted the lives of black people in Chicago negatively.
@USERS Why you ignore my best friend she all deserve your fucking follow she love you with all your heart she waiting for 8 years folded hands light skin tone folded hands light skin tone folded hands light skin tone folded hands light skin tone 
@USERS And how 500 pound females do you know hm.
@USERS There are no timely responses in rap beef Nas took THREE MONTHS to respond to Jay and he bodied him. Em always takes a month or more. Where did y'all get this timely response shit?
@USERS what the fuck
@USER Just like the old days. If she floats she's a witch and must be burned or hanged. If she sinks and drowns she is innocent.
@USERS Lets fix this for you. He is not accused. people heard him. So how about Eric Trump made anit-Semetic remarks 
@USER Henny. Why do you outside. Where you and ya pussy ass sister at. We just wanna talk
@USERS what the fuck &amp seriously. what manner of bigoted platforms are you running that label an exhortation for children, black or other, to Stay In School ? jack dorsey is a bigot maga kag
@USERS TRUE JUSTICE IS COMING SOON! http MAGA OUR JUSTICE.
@USER Companies that hire illegals that commit crimes sb required to cover legal fees or be fined for malfeasance for hiring them in the first place. We will never solve this problem until strict laws are passed.
@USER A10 Every moment is a my best moment as she is my world carters bodysuit sweepstakes http
Actually I avoid purple because everyone loves it and I am addicted to pissing people off. I also detest the color purple. http
@USER The real gun control issue. http
.Or conservatives trying to get Bill Clinton. you get the idea. http
@USER Why does not he leave the country if he is so unhappy with America
.@USER won this round. Yucker ALWAYS interrupts his guests and it did not work this time. He is so rude. michael ave natti http
 @USER Oh she does. Just a chunk missing. Some bone may be showing. I'll be alright, Kogasa. Just. help me get back to our home. That much is true. She isn't like her normal self. And she is much more aggressive. She's just going to kneel on Kogasa for support, though. 
@USERS Just fabric not a flag. And she is ok! I love patriotism.
@USERS ATTENTION! is publishing a list for ANTIFA of names of Trump supporters. Some are high profile MANY are everyday Trump supporters. He has been reported to Twitter, but they have still NOT suspended his account. Check out his account.Lists . 
@USER I like how her boobs have the same mass as her belly 
@USERS Obviously they do not care who they ruin due to their attacks on conservatives. the left is out of control and blind as a bat !
@USERS Brandon Straka, your Nov walk away protest march will be dangerous. The left always turns to violence, profanity, masked rioters since they will do anything for a Soros $ gift card. They know nothing but violence as this is all they are capable of understanding. 
 waits for a buncha braindead rednecks to burn the Levi's that they're wearing and get hauled off to the ER en masse http
@USERS how the fuck is puting raven with derrick and dan and dr. will saying she's a mastermind when she did not do shit put bitch about being sick and being annoying and boring. take raven out and put tyler in. he is playing a great game even the great player who won said he is good
@USERS Kirk Douglas you are not.
.@USER does not possess the wisdom to pass judgment on a honest man like Judge Kavanaugh. She has flawed and suspect judgment as manifested in her ill-advised years long affair with the likes of Mayor Willie Brown. She launched her career on her back. She is trashy. http
@USER You are an inspiration and fierce! healthy living
@USERS I think you mean Alan!
@USERS Access to Healthcare Improved Infrastructure Green Jobs Less Pollution and poison in waterways Civil Rights Gun Control Birth Control Sounds like a pretty great plan to ME!
@USERS Good grief.
@USERS . Confirm Kavanaugh! kavanaugh for scotus 2a nra No new gun control! 2a defend the second nra Vote for share act no compromise Protect our GOD given rights remember your oath nra un control! 2a defend the second nra
@USERS I do not know what to think about her.but with her eyes like they r.she is naturally bugging out all the time.which is untrustworthy
@USERS She is NOT a mental health clinician of any kind much less a licensed psychologist. fake psychologist
@USERS She has received death threats and has teenage daughters. She is protecting her family
@USER Yaaass thanks red heart selector 
@USERS Well he is really really smart and nothing Woodward wrote in is book is true. Good Lord this is the shit. We see it and hear it everyday all day. Did we really need a Op-ed or a book?
@USER Gun control kills 3 more people.
Take Take Take walk away from the idiot party! maga http
@USER monster hunter
@USER Keep Your Pelosi Money ! red nation rising maga walk away
 I am late but neverthelesssss @USER HAPPY BIRTHDAY CEL! HOPE you HAD A GREAT DAY AND CONTINUE BEING THE PERSON YOU ARE! all the love 
@USERS Where's Antifa for Alex Jones? No where to be found.
@USERS I am not 'from antifa' I will just be happy when Sam dies
@USER And you'll spend your final days in hell sinking
@USERS is so stupid it makes her sooooooo HOT
@USERS When tRUmp posts shit like this you know that he is distracting from something else that is going on. distract ification
@USERS Are and all over this? Gun control Utopia Chicago needs them right about now. just do it us open serena maga http
@USERS We need a wild wild web for conservatives.
@USER Could this be another trol post designed to get antifa to get themselves in trouble?
 @USER Nonono no. No. people who fat-shame do not give the slightest shit about someone's health You do not know about anyone's health just by looking at how big they are. You are not their doctor. I know many super healthy fat people and horrifically unhealthy skinny people. 
@USERS I cannot help it if I like having air clean enough to breathe and I do not like the 1%ers doing everything they can to keep the rest of us poor. Remember when Nestl 's former CEA claimed WE do not have a right to water? I ing hate clueless conservatives. 
@USER He is bluffing. He shouldn't have brought it up. Now Trump need to insist or say it is proof he is lying. Trump wins either way.
@USER maga is just an empty slogan or promise that rallies the sheep towards a hollow shepherd
@USER I am surprised he did not shoot his students just prove gun control is important. I am glad I do not send kids to college. What a waste of money turning them into pumpkin heads.
@USER you are the best player in world right now is just matter of time before the world realizes who you are.
@USERS The ol' Guilty because we liberals say so. ploy. 
@USERS Now you r making political issue. She died this is it. Many peoples r dying daily because of them. Why She is So Special ? Encashing her death for sympathy of Corrupt what r you doing Waseem Bhai ?
@USERS Thanks. So the large corporates are going to have to take it on the nose ? Reason for asking is that they 1 or Employ a few people in UK, who might not want to see their emplyers leave, and 2 or Represent part of many peoples pensions 
@USER As she should be.
Courageous! thumbs up clapping hands clapping hands Now she'd better get out of there before she's charged with a hate crime. maga build the wall lock them all up fix it http
@USERS Just goes to show you can be deluded and misled on several and subsequent occasions! I'd ask Dr Lee for an urgent appointment on the grounds of the fact you keep getting these delusions! thinking face pouting face European Union 
@USERS So inspiring to see so many people playing!
@USER This is all you need to know about Liberals! He represents his party well!
Sean Penn me too Movement Seeks to 'Divide Men and Women' http &lt Gotta say I stand w or Jeff Spicoli on this one. http maga wwg1wga confirm kavanaugh
@USERSAMEN ! We're Ready ! folded hands revolving hearts revolving hearts revolving hearts folded hands 
More like put in every day. maga http
@USERS Anyone have any guesses as to what &amp will lie about this week? A The world is ending Friday B Give me all your money &amp I'll triple it by tomorrow because knows everything - just listen to her D maga
@USERSKeep up the good work protect free speech and call out war criminals nhs bbc bbc qt newsnight bbc pl channel 4 br exit may corbyn labour conservatives marr h ign fy uk labour sky news bbc live politics live
@USER Why should any sexuality be an issue for kids this age? Liberals are ridiculous
@USER Gun control works. It just does.
@USERS I believe that Melania Trump is an abused woman maybe not physically but definitely mentally by an abuser husband and she is afraid to speak out against her abuser.
@USERS I couldn't agree more. And the unions attacking her are politicizing it far more than she is by turning it into a press release. I wrote about this last year. http
@USERS I still feel like we missed on him. We may never know. He is also a senior DP next year which does not help. Oh USL team where are you.
@USERS Wonderful to talk with your mother before the speech today about my friend Amir.you are blessed with a strong family blue heart 
@USER Her house in CA eyes waving hand waving hand waving hand waving hand 
 .@USER is demanding we all do better this time around with Kavanaugh Survivors are always asking 'am I safe?' she wrote. Right now, conservatives, you are telling them 'NO.' http larry nassar
@USER Fuck yeah you are!
@USERS she became a alcoholic cealrly became a fatty has had like a year to loose the weight she is the only starlet in Hollywood that does not look good with a lilextra weight going to go for a walk now and one of tays GPS stalking sheldmaidens might have orders to mac miller tommy valhalla
@USERS Sadly given the hypocritical and unethical behaviour of Liberals or Democrats these days I view any claims or allegations made by them with a huge degree of scepticism.
 @USER I hate a man who thinks his irrelevant opinion matters ass bitch http 
@USER WHAT THE FUCK
@USERS I hope Kyungsoo will work again with Nam Ji-hyun in the future she is so Good I really liked the chemistry between them exo This drama deserve this
@USER no. he just needs to play his old position 10 and now he even tracks back which is a good thing. he is deffo not finished
 stop sign BizPac Review News stop sign backhand index pointing right The priceless moment Rachel Maddow invokes Bill Clinton to ask Hillary if Kavanaugh will get due process http maga United States #2A prolife
@USER Michael Avanetti msp? said something similar today. He is two more great tweets away from a follow.
@USER MAGA hats ?
@USER Looks Like The Jokes On Liberals Again. fort trump poland booming economy http
@USER The next Call of Duty game should also take the opportunity to tackle the gun control issue. face with rolling eyes 
@USERS What you are witnessing are the conservatives not being the silent majority anymore.we are speaking out against haters like you and lies you are spreading.the fascists and communists are you.
@USERS Bitch please. You commie dems are the ones riding hell bent for leather to destroy democracy and the Republic.
@USERS is gross
@USER You are right. We need to choose. Trudeau is a punk. Trump isn't worried about him. We as a country need to decide if we want individual liberty more than an overbearing centralized Government telling us how to live and wasting all out money on bureaucracy. Like Obamacare.
@USER And Donald Trump will never be president
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http glowing star There are over 3 million more people in work with the security of a regular pay packet since 2010. See how it is changed in your area right arrow selector http http
@USER We all know liberals poll is completely a BS.
@USER wow love the spray skull 
@USERS I do not remember shit about that day beaming face with smiling eyes 
@USER And I am assuming the people waiting to see him and who gave it to him are just as deficient
@USER She is a property owner. You and your son could be - well - insert feared group name here ! paranoia atom isation
@USERS They need to only ever see the sky from the safety of a HMP exercise yard
@USER you are not welcome
@USER done! http
@USERS I do not know about Soros, but I do know that some on the right do use the actions of a few Antifa to play identity politics and claim all on the left are violent - and that is not helpful for anyone, is it? 
@USERSThere isn't one that I know of. http
@USER Devil worshippers unite!
@USERS MAGA PATRIOTS WE NEED YOU!
@USERS Pittsburgh sucks kek
 @USER Biden successfully plagiarized to get ahead in his political career. He is the poster boy of the Dregs of society . VOTE dems out in November. 
@USER Unless he is a contortionist. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS John Kerry is a swamp rat nothing more nothing less CNN we all know is the clown news network
@USER Hope all them sandwich's have cheese to go with their wine pig face #MAGA
@USER The Republican Senate already know who he is that is why they won't release those documents
@USERS So all of those people who have thus far died - including a one-year-old child just this morning - it is just all fake news in your little mind. I think you should go down there and take a look for yourself. Talk to some of your MAGA friends about how much fun they're having.
@USER oh my god gunny! Thank you you are so kind! smiling face with heart-eyes loudly crying face two hearts two hearts two hearts two hearts 
triple talaq is a burnol moment for liberals and so called feminists. Shame they never stood for the real issues related to females.
@USERS Everyone has a life story - that is no excuse for being aggressive. If anyone is to blame it is the producer for inviting KW onto the show. She is clearly not well &amp shouldn't have been put in a position where that could happen. Her management should not have allowed it either!
@USER From the woman who slept her way onto the stage.
@USER Go Pack Go! maunaloa american football angry face crunch to a different beat nfl ncaa
gop republicans conservatives are now proven Male Chauvinistic Pigs Why any women would vote for them is astonishing. kavanaugh http
@USER So y'all are going to fight against gun control but y'all laughing at this guy literally pulling out a gun and shooting it?
@USERS Because the party of violent liberal ANTIFA with their KKK hoods beating up strangers they know nothing about is so great &amp honest. Good ole Keith Ellison the women beater can tell you that.
@USERSAntifa is a terrorist organization not a lawful protest. Trump needs to declare Martial Law and Shut Em Down proper.
@USERS antifa members
@USER om ah BITCH i love you domo sparkling heart 
Honestly we all know he is stupid but what is actually surprising is how dumb and easily persuaded the people of our country are . he'll say shit like this and every white redneck is screaming YEAH MAGA BABY http
@USERS just vote yes we all know you found out she is a fraud.
@USERS Totally. Just shown herself up to be a spoilt narcissist. The comment to the umpire that he will never be at her matches for as long as he lives? Just who does she think she is? Not gracious in defeat. A disgrace to the sport.
@USERS What that you are a coward that cannot put your own pic up? Yet you feel you can judge others looks? Yep I am sure people do call you out on the regular.
@USER She's fine! She starts out like that and then gets up and gets right in Derwin's face about it. Both dogs are walked 3-4 times per day. She is NOT suffering. She's just spoiled!
@USER I am VERY HORIBBLE AND SHITTY that is HOW I AM loudly crying face 
@USER hey bitch daily reminder that i love you
@USERS you have a lot to atone for. You better atone for all your lies. I used to think you were a better person. I cannot see anything but evil.
@USER God I hope shes' wrong!
@USERS Umm she is a reporter asking a question. The Senator is acting like a baby. Is this really what adults act like? Shame on you CBS. Shame.
@USERS Where did I say he is unplayable? That was the other guy. But vs Houston on the switches in a potential first round series? Sheesh it wouldn't be nice
Happy constitution day may this day trigger millions of liberals since they do not believe in the Constitution! maga
@USERS Liberals have taken over every major city here but Ft Worth
@USERS what the fuck
@USER Voting against the progressive agenda. That means GOP control of the Senate as a must. Hopefully the house. And conservatives at the local level to keep progressive agenda out of the public schools.
@USER skull yo ass probably playing it on super easy too shaking my head go home
@USERS hopefully all her boyfriends and or girlfriends will be interviewed. Possibly past students that have said she is a little psyco before the kavanaugh questions on Monday
@USERS Are they passing out money outside for this too
@USERS wow Jr. you are not very bright are you. http
@USER Moron - Real Americans are PROUD of our accomplishments- you are disgusting for not showing the truth.
@USERS This is as bad as those right wing nutjobs that scream Now is not the time! to talk about things like gun control when a school gets shot up This is EXACTLY the time, when people are paying attention, when someone has just lost their life to something horrible &amp preventable 
@USERSSo true! Poor basement dweller!
@USERS I'll take Snowflake over MAGA lightweight any day of the week. Because I have standards.
@USERS You really think the Riott squad left you this message? Read into it more it says Fear Nikki. Nikki Bella Fear she is coming for you. This dressing room is only the start of insanity. http
@USER I do not agree with you. But if you want to see a real damsel in distress play the fucking marry Jane missions. They are soooo boring . she's so stupid. http
@USER He a lunatic democrats politicians like antifa George Soros think there money talk but it lunatic dung money dam money they have pay me in gold
 President Trump's 17th Wave of Judicial Nominees http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS I know how Liberals love to say Conservatives are anti-science Luddites so here for your review, How Your Memory Rewrites the Past http 
@USER hallo how are you today i think you are good actor
@USER Monte. who fuckin knows at this point
@USER Shitttt. I do &amp does.
@USER Apparently she was a diva when she was with heathers and I think she might've gotten fired for it? And she said something like 2 years ago that people took as being trans or homophobic I do not remember
@USERS 2 or 2 Liberals say rightly there's lots of prejudice and discrimination between migrants then conclude all opposition to migration is just arbitrary prejudice . But that requires seeing the distinction between citizens and migrants as arbitrary and prejudice driven. 
@USER Gotta give him credit where its due he may not be a mason but he is out there competing his ass off
@USERS And those same politicians from both and are selling the country down the drain.
@USER And shit like this is why no real research gets done on us.
@USER California? How? Gun control laws should of prevented this
@USER Ahhh I see I picked up Antonio since he is already on the team man shrugging light skin tone 
@USER Fartacus
@USER He is quite good at faking. Must have done it numerous times
@USERS did the pope say he is a 'sinner' yet to be unveiled crying face folded hands 
@USERS Sloppy and pathetic.
@USER He HAD to say this. Its the only way his players will trust him. He does not really believe it.
@USERS And he is actually been a gun control advocate for a long time if you bothered to do a little research.
@USER skull i beat they ass too for letting them get hit
@USER Empower the absolutely unemployable.
@USERS he is a bitter Barn Inbred. http
@USERS http Even in the SPD there is the believe, the Antifa has a legitimate reason 
@USER What What In The Butt
@USER Proud to be Antifa as fuck!
@USERS she is and also a goddess
@USER Easy for the elites to escape the hell the country would be when leftest policies are in force. Take their private jets home beyond their golden secured walls.
@USERS Cute as fuck hugging face 
@USERS He is a meme repeater http
@USERS Will or ask for some sort of gun control or once again do NOTHING? They seem to be really good at doing NOTHING!
@USERS Chances got 's Mario Cart penis confused with one of the few thousand she's had since then. Can you remember what a specific slice of pizza pizza you at 15 years ago looks like? Dems like ancient memory based accusations confirm kavanaugh now maga
@USERS It takes a 2sec Google search to see who this accuser is - I'll help the mindless uneducated liberals . http
@USER So this is how Antifa finally dies? By commiting suicide? Nice.
@USER Donot worry Sidhuji If Modi can become PM you are in making. Hind National Party
@USERS Yes I do! Because when he is grumpy he is impossible and he grunts and mumbles and shouts at whoever dares knock on the door of the man cave. Even at the girls! But when he is being good? No. Not really. smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USERS Proud gun owner here. Gun control would definitely fix it. Plenty of societies have solved this problem. We can do much better than this.
@USERS Eric is a crook and that is that
@USER I've said that many times. Liberals and Conservatives are two sides of the same coin and that coin is in the back pocket of the wealthy Canadians.
 @USER this is why she is a former diplomat. 
@USERS Of course she is! Probably has the record over her lifetime.
@USERS Oh! Oh! Oh! I know! Never. save the republic vote them out save democracy vote2018 maga my ass smart dissent
@USERS Hi! Welcome to Twitter! you must have missed the entire week of tweets talking about how Reggie was doomed and we had MAGA running our football operations! 
@USERS I think the pope and some others should be prosecuted for covering up and protecting child rapists!
@USERS ! do not hold your breath while you are waiting - because it is going to be about 6 more years of President Trump. http
@USERS 6 people are dead after shooting spree in California URLso those thoughts &amp prayers are working good for gun control
@USER You are one of the mastermind of a big syndicate at BOC. We will not forget. You will go to jail! pouting face fake drug war
@USERS Prepare for the midterms by reading Creating the Declaration of Independence by to understand what Made America Great in the First Place http maga kag 
@USERS Why does have this censored as potentially sensitive material? panic in dc q a non wwg1wga 
@USER He is an idiot and not very smart either.
@USER Dog whistles the minute one of those SOBs use it it is over never would I vote for any liberal ever no such thing as a moderate or acceptable liberal there all I mean all the same some try and hide there hate but they are all scum Your a fool to think they give a shit about you
@USERS Anyone who is friends with Midwest Antifa is worth following!
MAGA Mike Mack has the funniest tweet ever. I know he is pissed but it is funny jones out http
@USERS Holy shit get a lawyer false advertisement colon in not a football player he is a vag head
@USERS Conservatives wont whitewash the accusations.both sides will be heard! In private and again in public if necessary.let THEM hash out the actual significance of an event 37years ago between a 17yr old BOY and a 15yr old GIRL. I would go so far as to say let each cross-examine
@USERS Hunnid Stax my shit
 @USER They cite Jones being banned for violating Twitter's ToS. There are blue checkmarks spewing the same, if not worse, kind of shit. If you are going to play the anyone can get banned card. Shouldn't these people also receive bans and suspensions? verified hate
@USERS I think she is cuffed and shackled.
About to start! success connect http
@USERS The funny thing is he is a lewis fan and he has me blocked face with tears of joy which I do not get cause I support lewis and I do not know what's got to him but oh well let him throw his toys out 
@USERSTrump beat Obama in results. that is where the true difference lies.
@USER I thought it was funny. He is a great player though.
@USER How about as a Republic?
@USERS Awww sad but relieved face sad but relieved face sad but relieved face CUPCAKES SUCK IT UP. SHE LOST pouting face pouting face pouting face pouting face GET OVER IT pouting face pouting face pouting face 
@USERS Violent liberals ANTIFA with their KKK hoods beating up strangers they know nothing about is exactly what comes to mind when dems say they care about anything. Either you care about human life or you have people beat up. My black conservatives friend has been attacked by them.
@USER Yet another really stupid take by Erick. He is a single issue thinker.overturning Roe. Anything that gets in the way of that is to be mocked and trivialized. He has no other core beliefs.
@USER She's a great comedian. Where as you are a great.nothing.
@USERS Calling out the islamo phobic party of Britain to take islamophobia seriously. MUST investigate the likes of 
@USER This is madness - This is when you know you are going down the same route as Venezuela! He is going to turn that sovereign fund into a personal piggy bank
@USER I think he is hoping someone somewhat soviet will take care of it for him. This could get even uglier.
@USERSYeah ok antifa lover see you in the streets winking face 
@USERS Very cool! She 110% deserves the recognition she is getting and more. Very excited to see her take on a villainous role in her upcoming movie! cin days
@USER Thank You! folded hands red heart selector United States Wishing You a Wonderful maga Day! http
@USERS yes he is
@USER Could CBC get liberals to tell us the definition of middle class? They do not seem to know. Also MPs use the term ordinary canadians. Are these born Canadians? Special are boarder crossers? I would love an answer. Liberals are in mute on this point. Butthead has not told them
@USERS Yes he is but that has little to do with beating the Giants from the TE position
Woman's Car Towed Away After She Claimed To Have Explosives Authorities in Prince George's County investigated a threat Wednesday AM at Joint Base Andrews. Reports indicate a woman said she had explosives and that she refused to leave. http maga @USER http
@USER President Trump is keepinghis promises but this is the real reason he is hated. http
@USERS Anybody who thinks its gun control , needs to have a reality check on life. 
@USERS Antifa means against fascism. And by the way, the only people I have ever used the word Antifa are conservatard trolls on twitter. just an for your information. The group who is against alt-right, fascist, white supremacist, neo-nazis are just Most Americans . 
 Christian Kabasele reveals the secrets behind Watford's perfect start to the Premier League season Beans are banned at Watford's training ground so Christian Kabasele spills the avocado and quinoa. He is is intelligent. . http http
@USERS it is ok Brenda we know how passionate you are about things too.We love ya!
@USER ES is fake. She willing joined them and stayed with them for months.
 @USER Ren , it is not your fault. She does not specify just what isn't. All of it. He did not make his father do anything. His father chose to be the coward he was. At he question, her hand rose to her throat, clasping it lightly. She is ravenous. She has been for some time- 
@USERS Funny how so many liberals throw around the word bigot when someone has a different opinion. http
@USER Beto advocates gun control which would leave is defenseless to this.
@USER Then tell your pal Soros to stop funding hate groups like antifa
@USERS You do scare Americans w or ur fake dem platform. it is mainly ur corrupt GOP ethics being ok w or supporting pedofiles treason &amp voter suppression &amp the like. Dems actually want improved health care for all sensible gun control humane immigration policies &amp to help all not just 1%ers
@USER Ask Kerry about Benghazi.its a subject he lies with much more authority on.
@USER This is Gun Control!
Even IF the sexual misconduct IS by gay 45 yr old gop men - they'd call it youthful indescretion &amp get a mulligan from hypocritical evangelicals &amp MAGA sshats. http
 Sept 20 at 2 18 EST, expect emergency text message from trump. If it says no collusion, I am going to sue someone. resist maga
@USER Better not bring to much attention to this guy. The Democrats might try to get him to run for office.
@USER Thank you Mr President Trump. victory hand light skin tone United States United States United States United States United States #MAGA
19 tourists shot dead in Nevada with 12-gauge sawed-off Savage Stevens 311D. The NRA calls gun control research 'unethical'.
@USER Hey maga How's all that newfound wealth treatin' ya? DT really has his finger on the pulse of America!
@USER My goodness you are a Goddess yellow heart 
@USERS oh my god this will be so good!
@USERS Any article headlined Jesus, the original deplorable isn't worth even a second of anyone's time. And the fact that your Fox News watching self is accusing liberals of following their own biases over facts is HILARIOUS. Or, it would be hilarious, if it wasn't so sad. Do better. 
@USERS LIBERALS will be complaining that his presence hurts recovery in 5 . 4 . 3.
@USERS Actually he is a soy boy.
@USER I can tell you suck but sure
@USERS LIVE NOW! Daddy Dragon dragon face fire dragon on http the constitution is the solution wwg1wga bell maga frog face United States eagle mega frog face United Kingdom eagle DADDY DRAGON BLACK MIRROR http follow the white rabbit rabbit q q a non rabbit http http
@USER Our President isn't radicalizing anything! Your antifa or resist mobs are! that is you gaslighting ! saul alinsky much? we the people great awakening
@USER But he is a Hollywood Elite!
@USERS So your in favor of gun control because that is what Switzerland has? Am I correct in saying that?
 I am waiting for QDrop. wwg1wga q a non q army maga
 @USER There is no such thing as an Antifa warrior . They are all coward bitches. Marcus Smart is tougher than that by far 
@USER You do what you need to do. You are an amazing person. Who cares what others think.
@USER Not quite accurate. True conservatives dislike Trump. it is everybody who's not a Liberal or Conservative that is displeased with her.
@USERS s he is very affectionate and purrs non-stop.
@USER All we need now is a gang sign
@USERS Stop wasting your time and breath with He is a complete waste of space. Why not speak with the Few decent folks on Fox like Baer or Shep ?
@USERS One from Adelaide and one Antifa. I now understand why your both so angry.
@USER She is full of BS. All she is fighting for is another million dollar payday.
@USERS Forget Montel! Those who speak so speak from their own delusional disgusting truth! He is not worth it! Trash pick up coming! http
Ted Cruz definitely took meme warfare lessons from trump after the 2016 Primary. Impressive memeing lately. maga kag tx sen keep texas red red wave http
@USER He is one sick dude
@USER Liberals The FBI can investigate if you ask. Also Liberals Can you believe Trump ordered an investigation of a private citizen? he is a dictator!
@USER But antifa are only anti fascist Romney told me so she wouldn't throw a brick at you unless you were a na. anguished face 
@USER No problem CORY R. I. P to your Aunt crying face crying face crying face crying face we all know she is proud of what you have done over the years and she is in a better place now so do not worry she is watching over you red heart red heart red heart red heart 
@USER He is like really smart.
@USER who said Canada even wants him? we have enough entitled liberals here already
@USER I'll have him at the height of ecstasy all over my body
@USERS Keep up the good work Jurky---you will have CA broke by the time you leave-just about there today.yes I sold my property in Rancho Mirage ----limited hurt.
@USER it is ok to accuse a person of a sex crime 30 years after it happened for the use of obstructing a hearing for a Supreme Court Justice. you liberals have totally gone batshit crazy. You will not slow down anything. this November will show you that radical behavior does not work.
@USERS You definitely made judgements about me and your tweets prove it. I made reasonable observations based on what you said about yourself. You disagree and that is fine. Applying your own advice is something you should try. make america great again america first maga usa
@USER And a new knife
@USERS I am Canadian . Live in the us and am ex Canada special forces. I've handled everything from a bb gun to 155 mm howitzer beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes and tow missles and anti tank weapons. the US lack of gun control is by far the fucking stupidest part of this country! Too many morons with guns
@USERS You are way off
@USERS I love the comments about squishy conservatives and their support of the need for guest workers. Sounds like .
@USERS This is mainly fault. He is to blame
may must go and there needs to be a General Election May has no ability to face up to Brussels machine because she does not believe in what she is doing. @USER will pay a high price for betrayal of the UK OBLIVION stand up 4brexit elect a leader who UK can be believe http
@USERS privilege Lane thinking face maga Blvd thinking face Good Ole Days Avenue thinking face 
 1.4 In every girl's life there's a moment when she realises that her mother just might be more messed up than she is. Gossip Girl 
@USER . lunatic liberals are just too busy virtue signaling that they still do not get it. http
@USERS feinstein needs to go. Her husband should be investigated for his china deals and the Post Office deals. She is conflicted and this is below dignity
@USERS We'll we've been fucked by bama twice since we got here so we're almost tru fans
@USERS Bitch I wanna know
@USERS But you are still going to jail tho fredo http
@USER Which one? 
@USERS I understand the logic of all that. But the person living there will also know the background of who the mother is and why she is there to honor her daughter on that day. It escalated quickly and now the mom is dead. So unnecessary
And this from . California maga http
@USERS She should be treated like the man that she is.
@USER it is a testament to how fucked this world is.that she is free to spout all this bullshit and not be in jail or even being investigated for statutory rape.
@USERS Why are all Obama's records sealed if he had the most transparent administration in history? does not sound transparent to me. maga
@USERS Give me an H Give me a Y Give me a P Give me an O Give me a because Give me a R Give me a I Give me a T Give me a E Give me an S What's that spell? Liberals
@USERS take your fish and get out!
@USERSMade it last night for you! rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER You are too cute &amp adorable to handle. Such a cutie. How can I let you go Lobe you my love 4ever. . http
@USERS This is absolutely hilarious. Liberals are so predictable.
 Gallup Record-Low Percentage Cite Economy As Main US Concern http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER Fool
@USERS stop playing the pronoun game. what sides are being talked about? because a case can be made that both Democrats and Republicans are responsible due to both kowtowing to money from NRA and manufacturers, but not both sides of anti-gun control vs gun control 
@USER WTH ? What happened to gun control ?
@USER She's an Osuite.so she is deregionised.
@USERS ANTIFA THE ANARCHIST WHO WANTS TO ABOLISH Government. BY JOINING IT http
@USER It isn't so much that liberals are ignorant. it is just that they know so many things that aren't so. Ronald Reagan http
@USERS I am really not on any side of this mess but all day people were siding with Cardi talking bout Nicki and do shit. Jsjdhkdfhjfkfkhsjdhd MESSSSSSS!
@USERS Democrat Antifa. Same bunch.
@USERS Are you a major figurehead in Antifa or just identify as one?
@USERS You mean like soros does for BAMN and Antifa
realtor ng giveaway How many are ready for our Friday giveaway? Retweet if You are!
@USERS She is but that is not why we're friends.
@USER Or a mongoose that goes after a King Cobra despite knowing one bite can off him. I am a big animal analogy guy
@USERS They gone eat his high yellow ass rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER Than we wonder why the Dems. are blooming idiots here is a fine example. How to teach your kid to be a vulgar protester. Way to go Dems. this kid will grow up to become President of Antifa.
@USERS So many conservatives are just as bad as liberals.
 .If hate speech were against the law, all of Main Stream Media would need to be locked up because they do it daily, and so do Democrats, liberals, progressives. Look at the marches and their signs &amp their speeches , the very definition of hate speech. http 
@USERS She is all women. http
@USERS Emo thank you and Keep up the good work all of you for fighting against the fake news of the msm by tweeting and retweeting what is true! Good work! You are maga
@USERS He is being sued for sexual assault.
.then I'll take more seriously conservatives asking cultural questions about whether acts as a 17 yr old should be disqualifying for a SCOTUS seat.
@USER Liberals wear PU$$Y hats for a reason. face with rolling eyes 
@USER HOW COME LIBERALS do not QUESTION This ?
 @USER If you are running for re-election on the economy, you are in big trouble. There are 2 things that do not add up in your great economy pitch &gt wage growth &amp the deficit. In other words, you are screwed. Update your resume. november is coming
@USERS Antifa is a terrorist organization funded by George Soros
@USERS So the NDP and Liberals are the same because they are both left? They are two way different parties. For example NDP is way more Socialist than the Liberals and lean way more left.
@USERS no deal br exit is the better option despite the bullshit et al would have you believe. chequers plan will be the downfall of theresa may and the The only brightside is when we have a br exit eer as PM things will change
@USERS Me or the Tory lady? Because what I wrote was about all their failings.
@USERS Bribery is giving something to someone. Like the NRA giving republicans money that came from Russians for ignoring gun control that 3 or 4 of Americans want. No one is saying their giving you anything. it is time you represent the majority of the people of Maine. you do not 
now playing WATER SLIDER by SHE IS SUMMER http
@USERSFollowing all Patriots United States maga
@USERS Just admit Manchester isn't blue pal and everyone will be calm when you are the most successful club in the country let alone Manchester than we can talk
@USERS You are full of shit Sweetie 
@USERS United States Keep The Red Wave Rising United States Help to Promote and Follow all United States United States maga United States United States God Bless The United States of America United States United States God Bless our Armed Forces United States United States God Bless potus United States United States maga United States or be gone! Help kag
@USER He is! Talking about I do not need excuses I just need my money skull face with tears of joy 
@USERS Exactly. Well said! maga
@USERS Gail has dropped far if she is going after actors like Rob to deal with the frustration of being a has-been.
@USER Thank you but you are not addressing my question. My husband made a booking during that period and now his personal data is out there for sale
 @USER that is very true Theresa. Most of those MPs however call themselves Conservatives oddly enough. 
It is the consensus of the Republican Party that sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl should not disqualify a judge from sitting on the highest court in the land and making life-or-death decisions about women's health. maga
 @USER both the liberals and conservatives have failed the people, Proportional representation would fix this. Harper's failures are still fresh in my mind, now Trudeau's broken promises, I have to vote for anything but , again. 
@USER Thanks Colleen smiling face with halo Means a lot to me.She is doing good about 4 hours away from Louisville Kentucky thumbs up 
@USERS The difference between a demon and a pedophilia priest.a demon let's you know it is there
@USERS . has done this to me and many others. Shut off functionality and targeted censored conservatives. foxnews http
@USER I do not know man. Pretty sure they're just good 'bros' that are fiscal conservatives when it comes to room and board
@USERS Eddie you are the king of L's. You need to learn how to get W's. Mike and I consistently get W's which is something that you cannot ever get.
Exactly what the leftist lib tards wanted to happen. Try are a corrupt and miserable Party. http
maga Why she not being prosecuted? http
@USERS Anyone with the facts would not share this opinion. Once again the conservatives fabricate problems where there are non and crisis where non exist. Rule by fear is the conservative mantra
@USER You are so dope man
@USERS If by Conservatives you mean people that work and pay taxes to help support people like you then I guess we are dumb thinking that you would appreciate it instead of wanting more and more. Get a job start paying taxes and see how much you love any tax and spend Government.
@USER Just the one registration or all of them? Asking for Antifa and democrats.Vote Early! Vote Often!
@USER Is that some weird invitation for a treasure hunt where the goal is to find his old deadname ? Is it because he feels the need to prove that he is trans? Or because people did not care about it enough? Either way I am not going to join unamused face 
@USERS I warn you against asking for that this Rosh Hashana. Look how gun control worked out for us in Germany.
@USERS Migration advisory committee says immigration has had no impact on infrastructure or services. So could it be cuts instead?
@USERS MEGUMI I am SORRY I ASKED TO SEE YOUR TITS
@USERS At a community meeting he did not answer the question about gun control. Just skirted around it!
@USERSShe is jus here to observe.
@USER Happy birthday red heart selector hope you are having a wonderful day two hearts 
@USER Conservatives can be respected up until the point where they start winning.
@USERS Those are the liberals
@USER no MAGA is true Many Are Getting Arrested http
@USERS clapping hands WELL clapping hands SAID clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands She gets more negative feedback than anyone ever! Because she is always defending her BAD BEHAVIOR! Way to show her little girl how to act! clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands 
@USER brett kavanaugh is the right man for the job. Liberals need to give up already.
@USER do not worry your time will come play hard and listen the coach Frost he is a winner a championship coach american football 
@USER Did you find out where Senator Collins is sleeping? Let us know so we can send some antifa goons to her house to straighten her out. oncoming fist raised fist medium-dark skin tone 
@USERS She can do a Google search of protests by antifa but she already knows that. it is called being blind. I would never support a conservative protest where they beat people up and destroyed property
@USER Are you still blaming the Black Man for everything? Americans remember. Antifa
@USER This confirmation is a done deal. He said she said and she's a leftist Antifa nobody.
@USER Do the Dems ask for gun control in Chicago?
@USERS Jehovah and Yahweh is most immoral! Seriously he is one big lying contradiction!
@USER You are important to me so I would like that you think more in your health and rest well because you always work hard for army. I purple you purple heart 
baltimore has 5 shootings over wkend.criminals really follow those liberal gun control laws. shaking my head. baltimore is a shithole gun control
@USERS I was 15 &gt I can remember everything time place witnesses I told and who drove me home I was glad I was still alive. Too many women out here KNOW the truth so who are the Dems running this scam for? Their Gruber Brained ANTIFA crowd? Naw who then?
@USERS clapping hands clapping hands thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up Exactly!
@USER Pussy and ass are victory hand medium-dark skin tone different times. And I've NEVER in my black life ever ate chittlerings 
 @USER Uh.ALL of their signatures are on the record , genius. locomotive maga
@USERSThe feeling is mutual sunshine! You are probably antifa
@USERS You better pray hard because I will come in with him being guilty and he better prove he is innocent and if it is a child he can wrap it up prison is his destiny. Women can lie but 1 in a million lie about sexual assaults and rape
@USER He wants in the White House! http
@USER Because he is a Republican.
@USER Nobody wants a supergirl movie. The show is shitty enough.
@USERS I am upset. You know why because I remember following you based on the content of your post. I followed you around the 2016 election. You and many others lkke me were fighting for Hillary against real sexism and stupidity. All I asked was why do liberals attack other liberals http
That puts everything into perspective. maga on! http
@USER But not long ago the same Ray went off on a follower who quite possibly pays for his services for pointing out a guy do not remember who for getting injured again. You guys pay this assholes bills
@USERS Sounds good false or not she is willing to testify
@USERS he is not an opportunistic liar. Nor have you proven he is. So your whole argument is fake news.
@USER Ms. Clinton - you are a class act. My response to that idiot would likely land me in twitter jail but would totally be worth it . I hope you run for office one day.
fe she yes The rise in support for gun control has given me a new view on the topic. Drugs are illegal and criminals still have them. The same would happen with firearms. law abiding citizens would lose their right and nothing would change to the criminals. http
@USERS You do know gun control does not mean the public shouldn't have guns it means stricter gun regulations and making the process of acquiring guns harder than it is now you can go to a gun store and get a gun and leave in 22 minuets you can go to a gun show and get one faster
@USER Conservatives keep telling us how a few million immigrants are ruining the economy. How would multiplying those numbers several times help that?
@USER Ever heard of Antifa or Soros? Now now that is radical.
@USERS it is the people that shouldn't have them that is the problem EXACTLY! that is gun control! Keeping them out of the hands of those who shouldn't have them.
@USER I would think already since you are only following half the people that are following you? It is called the follow BACK resistance.
theresa may monster may conservatives must answer for their crimes. dwp crimes dwp tories tories out http
@USER God help us if that happens
@USER He is just carrying out maxine waters mission! red wave rising goodbye democrats
@USER what about all the refugees that destroy the country radical Islamic ! You will get out them to their countries? cleaning canada canada election 2019 canada conservatives
@USERS How about sensible gun control?
@USERS I understand how you feel but that is something the liberals would do. They go low. We do not. Please. We're not Antifa. They R We're not going around shooting at conservatives. They do. We're not the lying communist socialist lowlifes. They R Let's not act like they do. Thank you
@USER face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy that he is
@USER Good riddance!
@USERS Isnt the NRA that propaganda pushing corporate lobby group that cares about profits and only profits? No idea who the rest of these crackpots are. That guy looks like he has an AR15 stuck up his ass.
@USERS He'd probably get his face bashed in by a horde of angry Antifa armed with lead pipes.
@USER Depending on a Government or politician to furnish ones basic needs make the individual or group of citizens lazy
@USERSThank you for adding me Razor! Patriots- if you aren't following my Primary account - will you take a minute &amp Follow me? Thanks &amp MAGA United States http
@USERS So what if she is!
@USER You are.
@USERSLets roll maga patriots! Add ten of your favorite patriotsURL
@USERSThe majority of those are suicides. You can not provide evidence that gun control reduces homicides.
@USERS Sorry for the Democratic party is the party of hate they formed the KKK and antifa. The GOP it is finally got back in the office and the economy is booming and people have jobs wow overlook this. You liberal people are the most trashy ignorant things on this planet.
@USER he is an actor. Please wake up.
@USER She is tripping
@USERS The tide is changing.the Dems on Defense &amp the msm are at a lost! They know what is coming very soon! NO ONE GETS A PASS.#QANON trust the plan wwg1wga OK hand medium-light skin tone red heart selector United States eagle Love our 45 maga kag kavanaugh for scotus will be a reality! God Bless!
@USERS You'll prob hear me screaming
@USER Can Connecticut get a date if around the Fairfield county cough BRIDGEPORT cough . It will be hard to go to New York if people got school loudly crying face 
@USERS Fuck the Steelers bah on my mama that is some racist shyt they doing do not wanna pay that dude and call him selfish for not wanted to report
@USERS Alien-ilegal! See?
@USER I guess people won't be voting conservatives in the next provincial election face with tears of joy 
@USER OH MY GOSH! I LOVE HER! a beautiful loaf &lt 3 you are an angel for taking care of her!
@USERS He is great. Wish they moved him to 7 slot before Tucker
@USERS You have of notice that he is not too much appreciated anymore here at the moment ! Good evening ! face blowing a kiss I'sorry for my English wrote.
@USERS Oh and how do think the victim feels? I am sure she is fine with the death threats and insults she's been getting spewed at her by you fine Christian conservatives
@USER Either way we have your back. do not be thinking that you are dealing alone out here.
@USERS Liberals did not give Juanita Broderick a chance to be heard or Keith Ellison's accuser. cannot have it both ways.
@USERS I suppose if the anti-Trumps had accepted their loss with grace, did some soul searching and worked to draw voters, then the animosity wouldn't exist. Instead, pussy hats, Antifa, Trump supporters Nazis, the resistance, impeachement.we acknowledge your animus and return it. 
@USERSYassss! Trump Wins Law Suit - Cali Court Overturns Gun Control Law http via 
10 Winning Arguments Against Gun Control Libertennial http
@USER If this woman was telling the truth and was told about it years ago then the accuser lied in her letter when she said she did not tell anyone. This second woman kills her credibility and shows that liberals are willing to lie to stop K
@USER The Klan was the militant arm of the Democrat Party. I haven't seen a past member in public since Sen Byrd died. Antifa is the new militant arm.
@USER we are done. you have no knowledge base for any of this and you are drunk on lies.
@USER Vote Cruz! Beto is part of the Deep State that will turn control back over to the corrupted liberals!
@USER Every day Breitbart finds a new hill to die on. And every day the sheep follows its lies.
@USER Can we all stop pretending that the Catholic Church is not the seat of Satan on earth?
@USER that is your opinion. Barbz attacked Remy the same way. Now she is acceptable? Cardi is 26. Nicki's flow and style changed in the beginning of her career.
 2 I am absolutely furious with my fellow conservatives when they say, This sounds credible, or, If it is true. Do you guys have short-term memory that only goes back 90 days? 
@USERS And I do not call striking down gun control legislation curtailing our civil rights. Gun control legislation is just common sense.
@USER And Bill Maher should try getting back into comedy.
@USER Red Flags She's a professor at a liberal school and she's unable to have healthy relationships with men . Translation She's an Antifa Dyke out to stop a Conservative Judge and President Trump even if she has to lie.
@USER He is such a dolt. He just loves being able to push people around!
@USER She is among friends.IRA friends. A terrorist loves a terrorist.
@USER Creepy old pedo desperately trying to be relevant. Just an old guy from the old world which Trump has shattered.
@USERS Trump is done. You are a Anti-Ameican pro-Trump azz!
@USERS So conservatives NEVER get abortions? Were you alive when abortions were illegal? I hear it was a pretty awesome time in history.
@USERS people must realize by now HRC only speaks when she is told to speak and only what she is supposed to say. HRC hasn't had an original thought since college and probably before. Research her pas with her SS guards and you will see how calm and considerate she is!
@USER So liberals will cheer .they live illegal aliens.
@USER She is a brave woman. I thank her for telling her truth and am sorry that it was not on her own terms.
.@USER shows data won't convince supremacists that ACA + gun control are good for them. They know + still vote against their interests because racism . The question to ask is not 'how to change their minds?' but 'how to win elections?' valuing health 2018
@USERS Because he is the most influential person in politics. Much smarter than anyone on the left. Air America worked out well did not it
@USER If she is close by I do not mind checking in on her. I am in Greenville NC
Accidentally bought the baby spinach AND baby kale mix at the grocery store and honestly it is kinda ruining my week. health sucks
@USER You are more then welcum
 @USER Eg, ANTIFA holding the position that police are racist or should be killed. Generalizations such as those are what I'd call attacking law enforcement. Attacking the cancer in the body is not the same as attacking the body even if it is systemic. 
@USERS You sound like the NRA saying it is too soon to talk about gun control. If they were close to car as you say they would have seen the perp. Stop making excuses. The CHILD is the victim here. If there are people who do not know Parents NEVER leave ur child unattended in a car. EVER.
@USER Get her out and a new day will dawn what will you have for Brexit?
@USER This one is tough. it is too easy to hold a grudge but fucking hard to let go.
@USER Still remember this show. sucks man disappointed face 
@USER do not forget the ILLEGALS you are fighting for with tax payer money.
@USERS She is now going to the neurorealist crowd to complain that she just wants to be inclusive and that the ND community is attacking her for being white . 
@USER AWWW WE'RE GOING TO MISS YOU 
@USERS I am THAT GIRL THAT SAID WHAT THE FUCK NAH I WISH I HAD THE MONEY FOR THAT CONCERT BUT THATD BE MY REACTION TOO 
@USER I still do not get why this is a story or why she is a hero to the left? She allegedly slept with what the left considers to be the most repulsive nazi to ever walk the earth and she's praised for it?
@USER God bless you SIR
@USER The vile creature is trying to portray herself as some fierce bitch at the same time she knows that is not what the gun control conversation is about. Paper tiger
@USER These headlines. You are on really dangerous ground for a publicly funded company. Who do you think you are?
sad news What republicans conservatives deplorable s forget am democrats liberals tolerable s also am we the people american people
@USER tell that to him. He is very perfectionist. I do not think we will change that ever grinning face with sweat 
@USER everyone please vote for Vicki barbolack she is the most amazing kind hearted funny and loved person on that stage no one has earned this more than her
@USER I am not saying he is worse. I have no clue to be honest I am js that shits going to be terrible if that is the case. TL going to explode
@USER Release the documents! Do not listen to the Antifa crowd!
@USERS live dangerously
@USER Donald Trump in Nevada either at that MAGA rally or Tge GOP Convention.His Hollowing Out of America Tour or as Putin likes to put it. project red wave 
@USER She is a liar like Hilary Clinton.
now that is interesting!?!? face with monocle jfk jr @USER kennedy q a non maga magical http
@USERS Correction Liberals deliberately distorting.
@USER I cannot even listen to any of these idiotic Liberals. They all seem a brick short of a load.
@USER Go after NRA if they allowed gun control this wouldn't happen.
 @USER You are welcome. I do not always say it, but I am so greatfull for this. everything. Thank you. we had nothing and you and Thor has given us everything. So if you ever need anything in return, just say the word and we will help, She truly was just so greatfull. 
@USER I really thought so. He is the God of rap. How do you come back from that
@USER She is a hot one fire fire fire 
@USERS We loved hearing Laura speak in Duluth! She is truly a strong supporter of our beloved President.we need to flip MN RED!
republicans grow some balls and start playing dirty like these liberals assholes do! http
@USER Fake News or PROPAGANDA is the ENEMY of this Country
@USER Liberals support this I thought.
@USER At this point it is just a money grab. they're not even trying to hide it now
@USER time to kick may out and take on brexit as it should of been done 2 years ago. conservatives may must go
@USERS Yes his brain was effected. He is one of the sharpest attorneys in America. But maybe it effected your brain is tge what you meant?
@USERS Your hatred is so deep that you construct the truth on how you want to see it. Trump continually insist on saving Social Security and it was Obama who bow down to every country and apologize for America. What's wrong with you are you that anti-American because of trump wow
@USER Cause they're assholes
me too is the BEST WEAPON the Liberals have because there is NO DUE PROCESS . its all DISGUSTING . and WOMAN are the ones USING it as the weapon . shameful and TYPICAL Liberalism . USE emotions FOR their own BENEFIT . @USER POSTER CHILD for USING Woman
@USERS I still find it hilarious that people like you think that literally any response to a comment is liberals being upset and that getting a liberal upset is some kind of accomplishment. 
@USERS A woman in my town honked at an asshole driver who cut her off. He followed her home and beat her with a crowbar.
@USER Be careful Mr Tepper! Be very careful!
@USERS I tape it. Then when he is talking I fast-forward it. it is funny to see his lips moving and not hear him!
@USER Fixing that headline for you. Antifa Protestors Chant We Believe Christine Ford 
@USER because it is the truth.and they do not like that one bit. does not fit their agenda maga
@USER Pumped you are back playing. Go win you a ring. Favorite player- BP#4-REDS. GO RED SOX 0
remain ers whining are also in denial about the news around the rest of europe Read dictionary on '#democracy' '#totalitarian' '#beyrayal' '#inevitable' 'YouTube' and 'OVER'! br exit eu mb ga mega maga mcga conservatives patriots http
@USER He is nuts who would have ever imagined that the US would have concentration camps.he is the devil
@USER that is why they lobbied the Government to ban reaserch funded bye the cdc that could be used to argue for gun control. guns in the home do not make you safer. quite the opposite.
 Antifa Ally Yvette Felarca Takes a Hit to the Head Berkeley 8-5-18 http via @USER 
@USER Now just vote him out. He is a known racist.
@USER it is amazing how the Democrats are always leading in the CNN polls. All the Liberals live for is the polls that they control. Liberals are insane.
@USER You already know he is face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy and then blown coverages that gave Ole Miss TD
@USER is the only one worth slapping your cock on cock tribute and cumming all over cum tribute she is my CumSlave after all smiling face with sunglasses 
@USER Huh? I want gun control eliminated. I want ALL Americans to be able to keep and bear arms. If they abuse that right THEN deprive them of it.
@USER I swear. I am so glad my fat ass never drunk that shit. I am tryna be slim but not crackhead slim woman bowing medium-dark skin tone 
@USERS But the President. He is that BAD!
@USERSHere's our response to Antifa do not you EVER ask our family for donations to antifa EVER AGAIN! http
@USERS Sucks for you
 I am starting to think these things are a cover for maga It distracts people from paying attention to trump. http
@USER It freaking sucks
@USER Someone wrote it for her. She is irrelevant!
@USERS Following the Constitution is not victimizing. and liberals in general despise the Constitution.
@USER You are far too kind smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with smiling eyes hugging face 
 @USER If you love our cops so much, why do you make it your life's goal to take away tools they need to stop crime, and put their very lives at risk? Why do you support ANTIFA thugs who assault cops and screech All Cops are Bastards ? 
@USER The liberals are really displaying hate &amp their message of division. Republicans really need to take advantage of this by welcoming the disgusted democrats that had enough with their party &amp want a solid policy &amp no more insults.
@USERS Missing words are politically motivated. I have visited Israel in the past four times. I am not anti Semitic. There is more anti Semitism and racism in the party. I have never encountered anti Semitic thoughts or actions in the party.
@USERS Here are the people who Hold you up and who YOU hold up. 1st Photo They are beating a Republican Korean War VET. 2nd &amp 3rd Photo ANTIFA is Beating Minorities, LGBT and Kids Because they are Conservative. The LEFT, YOUR LEFT is all about shutting down FREE SPEECH! http 
liberals + conservatives neoliberalism &amp globalization &amp all of its Discontents ppp corporate welfare dilution of constitutional Rights or Freedoms &amp justice socio poli econ financial corruption &amp PARTICRATIC collusion of cdn politicians for 1%ers! http
@USERS I think she is lying about that too. I have seen no threats and I have seen a thousand comments and articles on this story.
@USERS I am glad you are doing something fun!
@USERS I think is corrupt a back biter and a snake
@USERS you are welcome
@USER Good! Kind of makes you wonder what these boneheads have really accomplished? Getting people to not watch them and support their team? mission accomplished we wont watch maga i stand boycott nfl trump2020
@USERS best way to convince people the a moment isn't unforgiving is to savage any person who dares question your forgivingness.
@USER it is odd because they could easily withdraw him and get another acceptable to conservatives seated before new Congress is seated in January.
 see she is the sweetest! http
@USER If you are displaced its on Facebook Watch. disclaimer - Facebook Watch kinda sucks.
@USER Now you are a Netflix whisperer? Jack of all trades right here. unamused face 
@USERS They aren't making fun of the woman. They are making fun of the liberals supporting barbaric tradition of covering a woman's body with a garbage bag because men might be inclined to rape them at any given moment.
sitting here tonight thinking and it is made me well wanna go back to maga next year
@USER Tua has RB type vision. He is a gem stone .
 #Kavanaugh cannot back out of nomination. He couldn't go back to dc circuit w or no repercussions. This charge will follow him. When Dems take back Congress, they WILL launch investigations. Conservatives who lie to get Judgeships will be impeached for high Crimes &amp Misdemeanors 
@USERS and ban him from the booty
@USER Conservatives apparently won't do anything because the only thing out of your mouth is words saying what you will do without explaining HOW you will do it. that is OK. We had a decade of Harper showing us the how. You obviously know what Canada thought of him after his majority.
 Democrats Want Their Pound of Kavanaugh Flesh http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER Sad part is She knows she's sick. She knows what she is doing. She has been a crook all her life. She's a very sick woman. God have mercy of her soul.
@USERSCharts by David Webster's briefings on benefit sanctions Nov 2013 to Sept 2018 http
@USER So Fucking What. It does not matter if they found the Dead Sea scrolls or the Colonel's secret recipe. This man should not be dead but he is so due to the ignorant negligence of someone else.
Antifa Caught Off Guard After Getting Confronted By The Last Person They. http via @USER Go Scott! He is one of the strongest supporters of Trump The Persistance!
@USER it is so sad I grew up in a Christian Republican home and longed to be free like liberal cool kids. You new liberals are worse than 1950 parents. You ruin everything in your quest to prove getting picked last in gym wasn't because we wanted to play not watch you fake injury.
@USERS If any left leaning freak attacks me I will attack back. But so many conservatives are just compliant. Happy with just bitching and complaining. How can we fire people up. The left has got energy. Lots of it. And if things do not change. We're going to loose.
@USERS Just what a communist would do! Destroying America! Lock Him Up! TRUMP2020 MAGA! smiling face with sunglasses United States 
@USERS that was what was observed INITIALLY. any interest in covering how the opposite has occurred since then according to all research and that it ended up being a smart marketing strategy? better make another When ANTIFA attacks video as 3 college kids yell in a cafeteria instead. 
@USER She isn't believed because of the lack of evidence she is presenting 3 decades after the fact. Her being a woman has nothing to do with it
@USERS Technically speaking he is hamstrung by drug &amp alcohol addiction
mb poli winnipeg on poli can poli welfare rates for single people in Ontario on reserve small town small city were $600 with liberals I remember welfare rate in Manitoba when I was on welfare when NDP were in power were 500. The NDP Government in Manitoba gave me $285 for rent
@USERS Oh yeah sure Antifa is anti-fascist . Also, free speech is for everyone liberals, conservatives, centrists, fascists, communists, anarchists, ancaps, etc. I live in the US and not a fascist state that bans what it thinks is hate speech . http 
@USERSJealousy rears its ugly face.I am favored and blessed my girls adore me winking face and so does God.
@USER And somehow Trump is divine prophecy he is helping them all the wonderful things they wanted to take away from women.Fuck religion. 2
@USERS You are most welcome
@USER He should be talking about the Chinese leader seeing they pollute the most.
@USERS I watched you on with Ari Melber and you were great. You are strong, articulate and have a large heart that extends to those who need a voice. Congrats to you. I guess we know Who's the Boss is Now ! 
@USERS We have a different opinion of what a better gun control law looks like. smiling face with sunglasses In one case an illegal alien with NO RIGHT to be here is involved. In the other case Americans have 2A rights. Can you tell the difference between American rights &amp illegal aliens? 
@USER BITCH I TOOK FOUR YEARS TOO JDKDKDD
@USERS Pm is looking like the extra in the Tory version of SAW 2018 who suddenly realised that she must cut off her own limbs to survive.If she escapes that particular nightmare she is still a politically deceased PM. it is impossible to appease MUKGA Tories that do not want a compromise http
@USERS . spoke about a migrant found to be a member of islamic State, telling viewers We do not want her here as he makes his case for swift deportation of convicted terrorists http a us pol sa parli adelaide a better way http 
@USERS She is HORRIBLE. wake up make america great again make america america again JOHN JAMES FOR senate !
@USERS But refugees! Marijuana! Peoplekind! Gun control!
party partylite conservatives 1 book 150 subj insight site My favorite mythical creature The honest politician http
@USERSRetweet to the end of time. MAGA Trump2020 and beyond.
@USER Al Franken anyone? Any assault or harassment stays with you for a lifetime. I was sexually harassed in HS by a coach. I was 17. I remember it like yesterday and I am almost 60. Scott Newman you are scum.
.and said Kennedy was model of independent judge. The attack on Kavanaugh's character and integrity via 35-year-old accusations obscures his self-characterization as next Anthony Kennedy. There are no conservatives @USER in the Senate.
 #TheresaMay come on fellow conservatives let's get behind the chequers plan look it is a winner. br exit hard br exit do it NOW! http 
@USERS . Thatcher had an agenda to crush the voice of the working people. And are doing the same again today. Join a Trade Union. Join the Party. I am with dave http
@USER What kind of classes are you taking? You have ass homework? Is this an anatomy class?
@USER Diane Feinstein Maxine Waters Hillary Clinton Every member of antifa I am sure the demonratic party could provide more examples but you are smarter than me in this realm. red tsunami bury blue start vetting senators start vetting congressmen
@USERS California is a state. In the USA. How stupid do you have to be to think there is gun control?
@USER Both need to drink a cup of red ginseng tea and go to a neutral menopausal corner.
@USER my mom left me a whole big squash. Any recipes you recommend I can do with a squash ? grinning face with sweat 
@USERS And what if she is lying? What if Kavanaugh is the victim of a smear and character assassination? What then?
@USERS He is a Lord now
 @USER Eminem did gun control a machine gun kelly come back 
@USER Oh he is more than that 
@USERS . announced that she is ready to represent the Philippines in the Fashion Show 2018 http entertainment news
@USERS Climate Change is a trigger word for the tin can liberals .
@USERSYou are the best me member memo log ist http
@USERS True. But are all school shootings and accidents with toddlers done by bad criminals who would know how to get a gun? Highly doubt it. These are spontaneous acts or accidents that would be dramatically reduced by gun control.
@USER Do you know how rare she is? Gingers are mostly males. Gorgeous
@USERS do not let the door hit ya.
@USERS You should tell the They've just posted a tweet about how much better the railways are since they privatised them. http
@USER Another reason not to root for the Panthers.#MAGA
@USERSShe looks like she is planning a sneak attack grinning face with sweat 
@USER The liberals sure are walking a VERY dangerous line.
 or or AWWWWW thank you so much! You are a brilliantly talented writer and I am so thrilled to interact with you! This thread is going to be epic! http
@USERS One day you are going to be an expert mate smiling cat face with heart-eyes thumbs up cat face with tears of joy 
@USER You are a cheater casey!
@USER Kerry is so full of shit he is undermining things and he knows it! The Iran debacle is his baby and he wants to keep it no matter what it costs!
@USERSHe is an angry puppet who is trying to pretend that teaching children acceptance of others and tolerance is somehow political and wrong. that is just how hate filled he and his party are. that is the real politicizing. NOT teaching kids gay people exist. Party of lies.
@USER Guilty until proven innocent.right.?
 @USER If the media stop reporting what happens on The View perhaps it will disappear from view. If Conservative America wanted to know what those imbalanced voices had to say we would watch it. The rest of us are busy watching the sidewalk for poop put there by Hollywood liberals. 
@USERS it is Antifa Ford.
@USER Alternative people died in PR because of a freakin HURRICANE you half wit
@USERS I assume the UK Conservatives are also massively against early years assessments?
@USER How are those strict gun control laws working out for you Dems!
 @USER How's her GO FUND ME page working, Kamala rama lama ding-dong? I believe you, Anita, or is it Antifa? The left is off the rails, and heading downhill with a load full of crap. Keep drinking, and smoking your meds. 
@USER I know a lot of Democrats you wish good things for her butt she turned to the dark side.
@USER Dear Andrew I saw the endorsement by Cory Booker the both of you are made for each other secondly you are view are so far left since you and Cory both hate the President secondly you are a moron running against Rick Scott I hope get beat so bad
@USER i really do love you http
@USERS Hey the only men not doing the right thing are liberals and democrats Rapists, abusers and criminals. So you can kiss my white a$$ http 
@USER Bless their little entitlement selves. I will never watch another game.
 @USER Nope. he is still trying to make up for that inch difference. He laughed, checking on his meal again. How was it? School I mean. You must've been busy considering where you are now. 
@USER He is so talented!
@USER Oh GOOD WE CAN START REMINDING people ABOUT THE WORST ADMINISTRATION IN HISTORY OBAMA the I will not help blacks and Hispanics president that sent a plane filled with cash to Iran sent guns to Mexico so they could kill people and start a gun control riot and started Ferguson riot
@USERS Y'all some bitches 
@USERS You realize he was referring to Assault Weapons . Good to know. You are begging to have less rights b or because you are convinced that life in the USA is too scary with all these darn freedoms Mexico has stringent gun control Go there &amp see the utopia your authoritarianism has wrought 
@USER Antifa needs a good ole boy ass beating.
@USER And he was right
@USER LMFAOOO IMAGINEEE but even if i did i wouldn't say shit because this fandom would go on fire
@USER Speaks volumes to the shift of political ideology in Canada when a sitting Liberal MP identifies more with the the Opposition Conservatives. Both parties have shifted too far left.
@USERSOr there is a completely reasonable explanation why our own F Government'T lied to its peeps about a plane hitting the pentagon which is clearly a missile. backhand index pointing down medium-light skin tone backhand index pointing down medium-light skin tone backhand index pointing down medium-light skin tone backhand index pointing down medium-light skin tone backhand index pointing down medium-light skin tone backhand index pointing down medium-light skin tone backhand index pointing down medium-light skin tone backhand index pointing down medium-light skin tone backhand index pointing down medium-light skin tone http
4.5 million kids in poverty a screwed up Universal Credit system Brexitshambles an Economy teetering on the brink .the list is endless and the common factor &gt @USER building a country fit for nothing
@USERS Snowflakes are liberals
@USERS Republicans constantly tell us about respecting law enforcement but ignore their judgment on gun control
@USERS shit ode
@USER Why should serena willams be paying a fine for speaking the truth? She is not responsible for a coach who apparently was trying to sabotage her - not just the referee.
@USERS No it is not. Too many people in and around Government want to asset strip the NHS and sell it off to profiteers on an ideological whim. That they're doing this against the will of the British people smacks of arrogance and greed.
@USERS Silly Joe! I am a MAGA Of Society hundred points United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States . Feel That oncoming fist oncoming fist 
@USER He seems nice face with rolling eyes 
@USER r or India is exclusively dominated by liberals. I feel better on r or hinduism and r or religion 
@USERS No his stream chat I raided him and he wasn't reading chat like the cutie he is
He is awesome! So personable and I know these people so appreciate him being there. MAGA http
@USERS Wrong.We are sending another giant F.you to Liberals. winking face 
@USERS face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy He got our asses Not even believing the truth about the truth! ! &amp We Know! Water is damn wet.but cannot even believe it coming out his lying ass mouth! see-no-evil monkey see-no-evil monkey 
@USER She is!
@USER Gun control.breathe.sight picture.squeeze. This professor needs further instruction. 
@USER TEA. I WAS MAD WHEN I SAW THAT SHIT.
@USER Got something to hide Eric?
@USERS His own fear of white people.
@USER Why would DPD ride with this chic. I know code of blue. She is more trouble than good.
@USERS What the liberals is going on nauseated face lying face snowflake selector hollyweird face screaming in fear 
 William Molina Romero has been located safe and sound. He is back with his loved ones thanks to a community member spotting him. Thank you all for keeping a sharp eye out and ensuring his safe return home. http
@USERS What happened to your last guess Kevin Hassert? Huntsman has already denied it. So you are calling him a liar.
@USER Does that mean you won't be bullying women who support trans people? Bet you last ten minutes. You are a transphobe.
@USER Good by football league will be direct http football here the world comes.Petition to stop any all federal aid to football NFL.The people will have the last word.We will bring entire league to their knees begging for forgiveness.America deserves RESPECT.#
@USERS another illegal Antifa girl
@USER Guilt by association is good enough for Democrats when it comes to conservatives.
@USER HE IS I am SO PROUD OF HIM
 @USER Trump called Trudeau very dishonest and weak and the Conservatives cheer. Conservatives in Canada are Trump supporters. They will accept any crumbs that fall off Trumps table. 
@USERS nazis We told you. Join antifa
@USERS If it is true why wait to say anything until now? Answer liberals will do or say anything not to have conservatives on the court.
@USERS It really does not matter if she wanted to be an actress or not. Montel is grasping at potential insults to try to discredit Dana. The fact is she was hired to do a job and she is good at it. Trump haters simply attack her and you because their candidate lost. Montel is irrelevant
@USER If you want more shooting just call G Soros! he is always happy to oblige with that! He pays antifa well
@USER Drama queen. walk away
 @USER people need to remove the name trump &amp put his shadow unelected administration are doing X Y &amp Z. As anonymous said they are running the WH. Not taking away from spawns own complicity however if you think he is making decisions alone you are fooling yourself. 
@USERS Policies like gun control? The democrats have and has.
@USER I loved her since victorious. She was my first girl crush but when I first heard The Way I became a hardcore stan.
@USERS Not a conservative. Antifa is a left wing terror group that uses fascist tactics and violence to silence opposing views. They are NO DIFFERENT than the Sturmabteilung brown shirts. Thugs. http
@USERS This terrorist fanboy and his saddo cronies are wholly unfit to hold any public office. A proper br exit supporting Tory PM would have wiped them out politically by now.
@USERS Did you forget about the 7 years of war previous? Or perhaps the economic crash of 2008 and all of it is consequences? Maybe you need to be reminded of all the stonewalling by Congress on any attempts of gun control by the Obama administration?
@USER At this point it is like saying it is too soon to talk about gun control after a school shooting. There isn't any too soon anymore with gun control or climate change at the rate that things are effecting us.
@USERS Much of the data being put out by gun control groups is false and misleading. Needlessly scaring parents is not helpful at a personal or policy level, as this SUNY report illusterates. http 
@USERS I thought conservatives were the ones trying to rewrite history? thinking face http
@USERS He is great! Awesome songs. I love walk on by and what it is best!
@USERS Oh course the NFL will cower in fear of liberals who trying to destroy the game. Will submit to their demands
@USER The 1965 immigration Act worked exactly how liberals hoped it would. Demographics are destiny.
@USER why no witnesses? She reported it AT THE TIME! it is obvious the truth isn't your priority. There are other qualified conservatives judges. Why push him? Is it because your president is in legal jeopardy &amp this Judge believes a sitting POTUS is untouchable? http
@USER He went broke and got propped up by white liberals in Hollywood. that is white privilege all day long. Stop defending coke head Tom Arnold.
@USERS I am waiting for the liberals to squeal that those sandwiches could feed poor families
@USERS Thank you for standing for DECENCY. The liberal left is up to its same OLD tactics. LIES at 11th hour from LEFTY Liberal haters. This story stinks from outside in maga t cot http
@USERS Well unless you live in another country he is your President. He won by a long shot! Nobody wanted Hillary cause they knew it was be the same as useless Obama policies that did nothing.
@USERS He is going to .how do you say.? Splinter the Sphincter of DC rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing http
@USER Democrats continually prove how crazy they are. http
 1. My friend Anthony believes that having school spirit is very important. He is truly proud to be a Bobcat and so am I! fdom18 txst http 
@USERS she is getting death threats.can you go and be a shield for her so you do not have to wait?
GOTTA LOVE A PRESIDENT THAT ACTUALLY CARES ABOUT THE people OF THIS NATION! maga obama sucks http
@USER it is ok. smiling face with smiling eyes two hearts I am glad you are ok. beating heart it is good you had a nice safe and dreams. orange heart 
@USERS But under trump they agreed to take him back to Germany. So thank you !
@USER Did Gutierrez go help? Or is he just a blow heart
take me back to doing boomerangs in maga with 2 pints by my side at any one time x http
So I am at the store and a dude walked in wit a MAGA shirt on shaking my head dog I was mean muggin the fuck outta dude so much that he left his broad in the store. man shrugging medium skin tone grinning squinting face grinning squinting face grinning squinting face 
@USERS Anthem protesters should consider what flag they could be living under. http
wcw because look at how beautiful she is! I wish I had this beauty tho but I am just in love with my baby sister smiling face with heart-eyes weary face red heart selector @USER http
@USERS 2 Thoughts 1 Bad Aim 2 Waiting for Libs to scream Gun Control 
@USERS They've been trying. A couple of veterans happened 2 b assaulted by ANTIFA. Wrong! They were surprised! Fight kinda broke up the protesting astonished face 
@USERS Interesting. somehow the local liberal Government has no responsibility in taking care of the local people.
@USERS Absolutely no egos. Jericho could have told Vince to F off he is not getting stunned but not only did he do it he sold it as well. All the big guys took it on the chin when they had too that is what made it the good old days
@USER Sad day for all liberals woman dancing woman dancing woman dancing woman dancing woman dancing woman dancing woman dancing woman dancing woman dancing woman dancing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER She is so proud
@USER also yes he. IS
@USERS Liberals crack me up. do not these people have jobs? .
@USERS Trump promotes all people. You as well. At lest they do not have BLM signs or are dressed as AntiFa and beating people. These are patches and I look at everyone defensively. The Way Cool patch was the ! Love GUNS and TITTIES! walk away maga trump
@USER Twitter censors conservatives and Republicans regardless of the bullshit they tell Congress and the world.
@USER At least we now know why she is called princess toadstool
The Nike Commercial MAGA Deserves http via @USER
@USERS Bridget that is another Crazy One! Absolutely correct! She is a Mess! and what she did to our President with the Head in her hand! She should have gone to Jail for that! She is a MONSTER! http
@USER Like if Andrea comes up to you and offers it I believe you should get it because YOU EARNED IT. I've thought that since the beginning of the 1989 tour and I just now met her last week. If you are offered you are not taking someone else's slot because it was you that was offered.
@USER He is a coward.
@USER By 'democracy' of course he means the Democrat party.
@USER Poor B she is desperate for attention so she tries to take it off from MAC Miller and put it back on her by her sarcasm which totally flopped. B stick to grieving silently and allow the families who have lost their loved ones to grieve without you taking that away from them.
 @USER After watching the entire match and controversy Serena is lucky she did not get a match misconduct. She is so upset that the ref. Would give her a warning for her coach coaching which he even admitted to. The ref did nothing wrong he enforced the rule and Serena did it like it. 
@USER I met him several years ago. He is the shorter than you are expecting man.
@USERS has always been regarded as UK's worst ever PM - and that is by the Conservatives. How he can still get his foot in the door in Europe tells you everything you need to now about its bosses.
@USER thanks for the following and together we can help MAGA and KAG and we can make our Great State of Texas even Greater by encouraging everyone we know to vote Red
- Last Halloween and Christmas my baby girl was still baking. She is here this year &amp I cannot wait to dress up with her and take pictures. blue heart 
@USERS Good for you Matt! Common sense. maga United States 
@USER Brave enough to say it?! Your late to the party fat boy. people been calling POTUS a nazi for a while now. shaking my head
@USER Course in treachery money-mouth face 
@USERS what the fuck?! SHE IS ONE. I did say I hope trumps doc rots off but nobody noticed. oh yah I tagged him too. I better tone down the dick falling off. It will happen soon enough! face with hand over mouth thinking face face with tears of joy 
@USERS YOU ARE TRULY a champion in every sense! You win AND lose with grace! you too are a champion! Thanks for the terrific tournament! http
If the statement was so immediate why did the GOP have a letter with 65 signatures. Think they collected that in a day? maga http
@USERS Welcome back home to South Africa champ smiling face hugging face . I am sure you are very happy to be back home with all your family and friends smiling face hugging face . Enjoy your time here in SA smiling face 
shame on you conservatives proud of yourselves for inflicting such horrors on the folk of palestinian http
@USER Censorship
guns 2a 'Last Lockdown' statues part of gun-control group's plan to change minds in pro-gun districts Tucker Left colluding with companies to suppress gun rights Tucker The ideological gap between the leaders of America's most http http
@USERS white supremacist? You mean Antifa?
@USER Another low life coming out of the wood work!
@USER You are abhorrent
@USER Yes you are stalking. that is what a weirdo would do. If my tweets over video games hurt your feelings then go ahead and block me. 
@USERS how on earth do you think antifa needs funds for anything? kicking nazis is free and business is booming
@USER What the fuck? You do not care about your friend? You are not a real friend then man facepalming medium skin tone he not losing anyone special then because you cannot even be a real friend and that is sad
maga you ignorant dupes. Everyone knows this is just not true. http
@USER Yes they have and its infuriating.
@USERS you are amazing too Mr. O Broin and I never get tired of saying it to you. This is my way to tell you how much your teaching Gaelic keeping this language alive means. I am so proud. Tapah a Leibh.
@USERS I would have thought a nazi incel spunktrumpet like Shapiro WOULD actually feel rage about an Antifa film.
@USER All my guns are defensive even the one that shoots further. http
Thank you @USER maga kag walk away http
@USERS Probably really had more to do with Rubio.
@USER God help us all if she is
@USERS As opposed to the utter lies that were told to gain the No vote in 2014? You are a funny man.
@USERS I love ! stop your racist censorship now!
@USER bitch i saw your whole ass tweet from wednesday you bitches always talking shit then back pedaling just admit it
@USERS She is weak and this is her excuse to use her vote pro Kavanaugh
@USERSFollowed most patriots already and got the rest appreciate a follow back maga thumbs up 
@USERS Alt right conspiracy conservatives TM find common cause with alt left Putin sympathizers
@USERS An excuse for conservatives to do nothing.
@USERS Why are you talking? You have zero credibility with anyone! You lied to the and you lied to America. Slither back under your rock! Your wife said you were going to be the John Dean of the scandal- you are the George Costanza liar
@USER He is reprehensible. Him and Durbin.
@USERS Find a voice? The voice they have is their choice to say no to having unprotected sex . it is not just pregnancy women need to worry about it is sexually transmitted diseases and HIV also . Being responsible for your sexual safety is important . In the age of me too you should already know this.
@USER that shit different frfr.
@USERS Because he is a liberal.
@USER He is a millionaire. Trust me he'll just fine.
@USERS We skewer Sushma Swaraj also for treason. We r not inconsistent like you leftists or liberals. Take ur bloody poison somewhere else.
@USERS He is a legend winking face with tongue 
@USERS This is a common message from liberals and Democrats. Remember Nancy Pelosi we have to approve the health care package -Obama care and then we'll see what's in it afterwards thinking face 
@USERS Its what the liberals do. Make stuff up and throw it at the wall and see if anything sticks. Too bad they did not care about the accusations with credible evidence against slick willie clinton
@USER Liberals complaining workers are too well paid? Seriously? Who's running the envy card now?
2 SAY GOD'S NAME ANYWHERE IS 4 THE BRAVE HEAVEN IS 4 THOSE WHO R MIGHTY IN COURAGE WEAK people ARE POLITICAL CORRECT BECAUSE THEY LIVE IN DARKNESS LIBERALS ARE STRONG IN EVIL N DARK WAYS THEY LIKE THE DARK IF THEY SAY GOD'S NAME LIGHT SHINES OVER THEM THEY fearful face OF GOD'S LIGHT http
liberals making life unaffordable by taxation http
@USER . girl you are lyingggg. it did not take two weeks for them to take all this money for these tickets i purchased! but thanks girl 
@USER what great comedy. Liberals are freaking hysterical
@USER Maybe your underlying theory is wrong. There are a number of ways in which the nomination supports MAGA. Some of which Trump has hinted at.
@USERS Action talks and BULLSHIT walks
@USER haaaaaa cause it never happened so if ye going to tweet shit make sure it is fact kid face with rolling eyes 
@USER Exhibit A gor the utter irrationality of the Left. Respect and support for women.I think not!
@USERS You look Beautiful Ashley.Yr home away from home! you look so comfortable.Hey let's bring Bridget home 2b w the rest of her family&amp friends as a Regular on the show. I am a diehard fan&amp want AJ back on television screen where she is happiest bring bridget home bring bridget back red heart AJ
@USERS Buckwheat in the 1930's. Pretty sure he and Eddie aren't promoting white supremeists. maga http
@USERS Dude go away .tin hatters like you make us conservatives look bad .get a job
@USERS rss reaches out This one step by the RSS can show the sense of nationalism it has when other UrbanNaxals are colluding with each other only to tear India apart. are working so hard for the downfall of India. Shame on liberals
@USERS AHH TOM clapping hands clapping hands she is right though it is v good
@USER I am not so sure. Only a mild increase in FL with more new Rs than Ds. http Nor in Texas. http NV shows about a +2% increase. http I've been struck by how small a role gun control seems to be playing in this election.
@USER I am ALMOST SHOT BY LA GANG MEMBER or ILLEGAL IN TRAFFIC 9 or 5 or 4.45 PM MY BELIEF IN THE 2ND AMENDMENT REACHES ABSOLUTE CRIMINALS WANT VICTIMS UNARMED PIX LATER NRA GUN CONTROL RIGHTS GRAB FALSE FLAG 2A ice POLSI FIENSTINE TRUMP
@USERS There is a worse gang then MS 13 and thier based out of DC. what has he done about people assulting Trump supporters? Antifa surley has broken people civil rights.he gone Trump can and will fire him .mater if time.
@USERS I am sure most patients would prefer to be treated in a professional and transparent manner by the NHS rather than being packed off to some carpet bagging health company hoping to squeeze a shareholder dividend out of an essential public service monopoly.
@USER .wondering what shit on our east coast causing God to send Florence to punish them.? A good guess would be the neo-faux Christian followers of trump.!
@USER He is Spartacus!
@USERS They probably get bonus pay for that
@USERS I do not think she needed any money to do this. I think she is so left wing that she thinks she is Joan of Arc. Now we have Spartacus and Joan.who's next on the agenda?
 @USER Reimu just chuckles over how stern Kogasa is but. it does feel nice knowing she cares a lot. Also. One of her hands maaayy be stroking Kogasas back while she is trying to keep steady. Heh. As long as no pesky Youkai tries to go at you, I'll take a nice vacation . 
@USER It bothers me because I feel whoever still supports him is just as racist as he is. I am half black and my daughters and daughter are black so I do not get how my family does not see anything wrong with supporting him.
@USER FBI has nothing to investigate.
@USERS grinning face I am happy to say the same about conservatives.
@USER I love your movies so much and I think you are amazing and beautiful
@USER Damn hope you find some bitch face with tears of joy I bought some yesterday 
@USER We agree that Trump is a Nazi sympathizer. But the Sandy Hook Hoax and gun control is right out of Hitler's playbook. Bloomberg is a Nazi when it comes to gun control. Dems need to moderate!
@USERS No proof. Nor does the complaint ever intend to get us some. You have a woman who been an Democratic activist supporting in donations. Also in her time wearing her pink hats in Wash in 2016. As well as helping ANTIFA. Who high school year book has been scrubbed off the internet
 .or the many other instances where AR-15s used for home defense are labeled mass shootings by gun control http 
@USERS Be smarter- Congress legislates. We need congress with better skill stacks to solve. Dr Shiva has incredible proposal. If you can stop long enough to learn. http
@USERS U2 Most overrated band of all time.
@USER i saw this before the results and literally thought i got eliminated WE http
@USER Hope she is ok.
@USERS This clown need maga listeners. Nothing more nothing less. Total fraud.
@USER I am sure you are not 
@USER He is quite the yarn spinner
@USERS No it is because he is Democrat about to be Antifa Socialist just like you.
@USER God help us all!
@USER Innocent until proven guilty! I think time has run out on this! And personnel I think she is lying! And someone is paying her to lie! JMO
@USER Hold on - another poll coming out soon ! http
@USERS Excellent point which is why so many will not understand the deep emotion and pain behind words. She was defending her character. She is not a cheater and would not allow someone to allude that she was. The game violation at that point in the match was unreal.
@USERS We? So you are going to help like you did at the 911 site? Pictures pleaz. lying face 
@USERS it is too had liberals are exempt from laws.
 @USER Only conjecture but with so high undecided it could be some fear the militant parts of the left like ANTIFA who promise to punish those who do not vote in the approved manner. There was s report that voter rolls were being reviewed for GOP to be visited 
 grinning face grinning squinting face face with tears of joy @USER rocks maga thumbs up http
@USERS Not so bloodless for some . because ANTIFA.
 @USER Everyone in Washington gets one vote like everybody else. 63 million Americans disagree with John Kerry. His comments reflect the disrespect he and his cronies have for Americans. To them we Deplorables aren't qualified to elect a President! 
@USER Heroes and villains. Garak is neither. He is http
@USERS obama took away the constitution from us and that is a FACT.SANCTUARY STATES takes away OUR guarantied Protection from Invasion.Obamas BLM and ANTIFA that takes away OUR guarantied Protection from DOMESTIC VIOLENCE by the way all gun control laws come from Article 4 sec 4
@USER she is the only semi? important girl chara so ig that is who normie fans relate to? like also its teacher or student which is an obvious straight ship
 @USER I hope you are also spending energy focusing on antifa and the endless attacks on conservative citizens, cops, journalists, their destruction of property and the strange phenominon of journalists ignoring them? Just kidding. Not like you are a real journalist or documentarian. 
@USERSEvery soldier coming in will report to the hotel until barracks assignments are made. If married they would stay until a home is found. Now I read through their description and I know that unit. The were beefing that unit up 3-4 years. It was a new unit. I do however think it
 @USER Liberals are against abortion too we call it birth control. 
@USERS the USA is NOT a democracy. The USA is a constitutional republic! Take a civics class!
@USER He really bisca fool huh
@USERS Lying PM just like Bliar! End of Tory party &amp I am tory party member! Remainers refuse to discuss this with me in Tory party ! Please get rid of this total liar who hooks up with corrupt convict from 
@USERS I think she is the reason the victim had a polygraph. Even has questions about the validity of her accusation.
@USER PTL MAGA
@USERS How about really healing the country by leaving it and taking the rest of the loony liberals with you
@USERS OurCountry is being saved from evil slugs like Hillary Clinton. The Deep State is going down and I personally cannot wait for Hillary to be brought in front of a Military Tribunal. The penalty for treason is death I believe.
@USER this is the guy who put us on the original 100 antifa in because'Ville and signed it ' you are welcome'
@USERS . Fake conservatives and their fake outrage over the budget betrayal http http
@USER Guess everybody gets F cause Hillary ain't got none
@USERS Read that I just posted. He got too close to Kavauagh and the Body Guard started into action to cover him. What was his intentions? he is a gun control nut grieving and blames Trump and Kavanaugh for his daughters death. His actions make my skin crawl too.
@USERS I can understand that and if it is someone I know I'll debate with them but I am not willing to spend that much time trying to change the mind of someone I do not know I tryed that with people and gun control and it just get stupid because they won't try to understand
@USER Liberals wasting our taxpayer money on this BS!
@USER He is not qualified to be a politician and that is why I voted for him How can anyone believe the failing Democratic Party as all thier agenda is to discredit a successful President and economy Also here is the idiot that gave IRAN millions to support terrorist
@USERS If you are the type of iphone user who loves taking pictures etc then go for the 256gb
@USERS actually we got gun control and gun grabbers dancing on their graves immediarely using it for political fodder. Accusing NRA instead of removing Sheriff &amp RUNCIE who got paid by Obama's Promise Program to NOT ARREST KIDS b or because it was RACIST 
@USERSBeautiful Craig. heart suit selector folded hands heart suit selector folded hands United States MAGA
@USERS And how would George Washington University know? You liberals fall for everything
@USER that is exactly what his ass gets 
@USER She is a true idiot! Really scary people will vote her to DC in November!
 @USER I doubt if he is afraid of France , but he is being hammered by the left here everyday. We think it is France behind the genocide secretly for investments ? They sure are silent ! Not the ordinary French people , the global elites and banks . My guess is you will get help 
@USERS Exactly
@USERS Crush him Beto ! Make him look like the idiot he is.
@USER Liberals heads are exploding. it is so fun to watch them melt down.
@USER And here we go !
@USER FUCK
@USER Boatload of crap!
@USERS you are talking about the Clintons.
Confirm Kavanaugh Now! maga http
@USERS Like all CONServatives, lies. Either that or Druggy was stoned and not really present . 
@USER Well said buddy well said ! You are 100 hundred points right
@USERS Have you ever seen ANTIFA burning college campuses and trashing them any time a conservative comes to speak ? Educate yourself please !
@USERSThank you Moe! beaming face with smiling eyes tornado tornado maga trump train portal http
@USERS And guys like you are the fat yokels.
@USER You will see more and more shocking vigilante style justice like this. Liberals on these courts are out of control.Swamp creatures in DC beware. Start serving the you.S. citizens 1st. Lot of fed up Americans across this great country of ours. http
@USER Shit.
@USER the devil himself. Now exposed could not wait any longer to call for the wall not too be built.
@USERS Boltey hai na ki jo Beef kaate hai uski akal gutno me reti hai n i can expect it brain. He is the PM of my country n yes we celeb his Bday every day n it make sense the people who offer prayers fr Osama bin Laden Janaza have much of the probs. Fewer lives n minds cannot be changed.
@USER god damn you are so fucking valid
I love it when a plan comes together smiling face selector maga n exit http
@USERS Or like the antifa Berkeley Professor who assaulted someone with a bike lock?
&lt treph&gt I have my computer &lt treph&gt and &lt treph&gt no job. &lt treph&gt &gt i &lt treph&gt You are carrying &lt treph&gt a computer &lt treph&gt no job
@USERS And then to cap it off the 1.14bn figure ignores the drip down effect of those families spending their money in small and big businesses generating jobs consumption taxes etc. It really hasn't been thought through hmrc human cost 2019loan charge
@USER Cross them of the list.
@USERS Yes we did
@USER He is eating instead of sleeping! What's new
@USERSThank you Laura for bringing President Trump supporters together! Following all maga Patriots!
@USERS This is a big deal. Hatch has to be embarrassed. Oh yeah he is senile and cannot find the bathroom by himself.
@USERS Just because he is the elected president , does not mean he has earned it. When he start serving the people of his country, then by all means.it shall be well desrerved. When you serve thos who you have hiding in your pocket, give me a break. You can keep YOUR commander. 
@USER Nigga keep tryna play both sides 
@USER She is a courageous intelligent woman who knows the crap that people will say - she is standing up to some evil and powerful and ruthless men who will stop at nothing to destroy her and her testimony
@USER Happy 1stbirthday to Savage Songs from a Broken World ! This time lst yr it dropped in my door and damn did it do some shit! musical notes Little did we all know the ride it was going to take you and us as fans on. Thank you for this masterpiece! gary numan savage no2 album http
@USER shaking my head nigga dat shit gone take us far you tweaked out man facepalming medium-light skin tone hundred points 
@USER That describes how I feel about the Liberals at any level
@USER iconic.
@USER So much for gun control.not to be incentive. But really. Just saying
@USER He might want to visit New Mexico where there are 5 radical Muslim.
2 The IRS attacked conservatives. The FBI rose up against a Presidential Candidate. Suspicious deaths occurred. The Police were branded social enemies. DACA gave rise to illegal immigrants as voter puppets. The Military was weakened. Iran was funded for Nuclear capabilities.
@USER Weird California has all the best gun control
@USERS TRUMP IS A FUCKING ASSHOLE AND IF YOU THINK OTHERWISE THEN YOUR AN IDIOT. MY FRIENDS IN PR WERE HURT. YOU ARE THE ONE THAT NEEDS TO GET EDUCATED. I EDUCATE MYSELF EVERYDAY I TALK TO THEM EVERYDAY. SO STFU
@USER With his time of service he is going through waivers? I thought he was a vet who just went to free agency. I guess it just depends on his last two seasons and if they count?
@USER Yes he is.
@USER Thanks and you are a good looking young man and hopefully will find yourself a loving beautiful young man to love and love you.
@USERS Forget that called a con man and a KKK supporter.she actually voted for does not that sum up how truly unqualified she is for Florida
@USERS Love this.
team spotlight sunday this spotlight goes to 2 women! Meghan McDermott and Alanna McDermott. Alanna has had an amazing journey not only physically but mentally. She is breaking her comfort zone by helping others achieve their goals. I am so proud of you! Your growth is inspiring! http
@USERS wow you are so cute
@USERS WTH Dude! Seriously. you are going to CRITIQUE THIS?!? Take your sorry liberal self to an Antifa protest
@USERS Chicago Nearly 100 years of crooked Democrat leadership &amp some of the strictest gun control in the nation and Dopey Durbin attempts to lay the blame at the feet of Republicans thinking face thinking face MAKE NO MISTAKE DEMOCRATS you built this chicago death toll
@USERS Seems like a cool guy
@USERS 11 11 Harry Potter reunion Ariana to be happy and safe Love Happiness for me and my friends Gun control to notice me to follow meee Cure for cancer now please Bye anxiety Lion to get rid of depression Hug Lion
@USERSNo he is the the bodyguard.
@USER The enemy within seems greater at this point than compromising sources and methods. it is the sources and methods we Conservatives are concerned about! drain the swamp
@USERS You do scare all Americans with ur fake democratic platform. it is mainly ur corrupt GOP ethics that are the problem. GOP is ok with supporting pedofiles treason &amp voter suppression. Dems actually want improved health care for all sensible gun control &amp to help the little guy
@USERS I get that she is a winner but she crosses the line in what is acceptable.
@USERS You are not 'Progressive' without Palestine. bds http
@USERS Excuse me? They got what they had before the hurricane. Expecting tract houses when you had lean to's and expecting honorable people likeTrump with the corruption they continue to vote in?!? Wake up. He is flushing the swamp here and they need to flush their swamp there.
.@USER If his Constituents support him they are as craven as he is. If they do not they need to VOTE HIM OUT! http
@USERS 18 year old constitutional and now a ballistic expert with all the answers. Google search trained 2a shall not be infringed
@USER He is barely a journalist.
 .by accepting the premise that Government can and should solve all of life's problems, conservatives and Republicans. get into a 'bidding war' with progressives and Democrats. The Libertarian Party is the only party that truly wants less Government. http 
@USERS Conservatives are only interested in owning women like property and exploding the deficit so long as the rich are taken care of. Keep the faith tho.
@USER Remember when for decades conservatives yelled at liberals and progressives for being moral relativists they weren't ? That was fun.
@USER Because you could not even begin to respond since you cannot speak in full sentences and your words are so limited
@USERS Screw you and your team. Americans who scraficed are the reason you have a team ! Leave our President alone !
@USER I cannot believe Twitter would ever target Conservatives. face with rolling eyes 
@USERS he has played 11 games in 5 years. when is time to realize he is a lost cause.
@USERS You are funny face with tears of joy http
@USER So she is famous daughter. Who cares about what she is doing really? Not me
@USERS This was a poor comparison. Jay Z literally said he fucked nas' baby mom and left the condom on his daughters baby seat. Cardi and nicki are fighting for what?
@USERS does that mean He still our superman ? Pleaseeeeee say he is folded hands medium-light skin tone folded hands medium-light skin tone folded hands medium-light skin tone folded hands medium-light skin tone 
@USER He is kidding no one. His paper towel throwing stunt was seen around the world. He looked the ridiculous clown yet again. And we as a nation were scorned for the epic fail of a rescue mission to Puerto Rico.
@USER you realize she is being tricky with the wording on purpose. she is not saying the kids in the ice centers are being mistreated.
@USER And there was much rejoicing
@USERS And are now the Nazi party.Antifa http
@USER Good . she is the one that seems sexist
@USERS . have a MAJORITY! . used OUR money to buy it. Why they obsessed w or what would do regarding Brexit? They are not in power &amp they are not negotiating. . should reply to with call a GE &amp you'll get your answer.
Trump Is Making America Great Again http
@USERSWow. This is really showing your lower level of reviewing of before governments. This is what Antifa does -- promises antifascism but is lying to everyone by blaming capitalism as we now know it instead of the governments that have perverted it.
@USER Right on thumbs up thumbs up maga United States folded hands United States wwg1wga United States oncoming fist United States 
@USERS You are a disgrace defending the wrong doings by ANC umdala kangaka yhuuu
@USERS did not see him matching with antifa to be honest
@USER Agree!
@ new york yankees yall better start acting like champions because that is what you are i have a lot of student loan debt and PLENTY of time to come to the bronx to shake-yell-motivate each and every one of you pinstriped millionaires i believe in you and I am watching http
@USERS ah she is no 
Ms Fords has made a maga mistake! How will she escape the truth which is going to be that her useless lie will not stop US from confirm judge kavanaugh monday motiva ton maga wwg1wga walk away walk away from democrats 2018 http
@USERS If you put any claim that that ambulance chaser is in anyway anything by a shyster you are a fool bigger than he is
@USER oh my god fuck our lives sis
@USER ANTIFA nut cases.
@USERS Sadder still, these guys exist because of a bunch of far-left children that dress like ISIS, burn flags and attack journalists. Yet our young leftists activists posing as journalists do not even cover the group antifa that does all of the violence. Talk about bizarro world! 
@USER Takes a lot of monthly walks to the mailbox to afford that kinda cheese. Liberals and their wise spending habits. face with tears of joy 
@USER A disaster waiting to happen.
@USER DNC corruption http
@USER winking face smiling face with heart-eyes face blowing a kiss You are welcome anytime my dear. winking face smiling face with heart-eyes face blowing a kiss face blowing a kiss 
@USER And they should face consequences.
@USERS And this isn't considered hate speech for the liberals. If a republican said that about democrats the MSM would be raising 10 kinds of Hell The hypocrisy is to be expected now
new post former Theresa May aide Will Tanner says Conservatives are 'sleepwalking into opposition' has been published on SAllBuzz - http http
@USERS Does nicki even know who she is? Dreamdoll a whole bully
@USERS He also thinks it is a success doing nothing about gun control with kids being murdered in their schools by people who have no need to possess guns!
@USER So was the IRS targeting of Conservatives. Obama sure set the mark for low deeds.
@USER You are right he is a sorry little man.
@USERS I guess I do not know when I am talking to a proud boy and when I am talkin to an antifa. I am pro antifa. Which are you?
@USER She is an absolutely beautiful gorgeous woman Inside and Out
 lives in Chicago thinks gun control works face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face http
@USER Rock Hard Man
dianne feinstein proves what 2nd Amendment supporters have long known about gun control laws http http
@USER Just reading this gives me anxiety about having anxiety. But it really does suck and takes more than sheer will power to overcome. do not be afraid to seek help and ask your doctor if you need medication. There is no shame in it.
@USERS The solution is gun control chief backhand index pointing down medium-light skin tone http
@USER She is such a beautiful soul. My heart aches for the loss of her babies- but am so happy for her and her rainbow baby. red heart selector 
Love our @USER maga United States red heart selector http
@USERS I just do not get it . At least bring him in talk to him work him out feel him out what could the harm be you might just be surprised and sign him if he is what you think he is then do not it is just being smart
@USERS Hey michael moore . have another hot fudge Sunday cookie dough bacon fat pizza . walk away maga 
@USER BLESS YOU! Are the camp organisers aware of this? Honestly why do people do this camp is supposed to be a fun safe place NOT A PREDATORY GROUND asdfghjkl
@USER Thanks Vince You fucker. No need to hold out and chance that clients miss it.
@USERS Right on! Time to stop this BS nonsense from the left. Time to prosecute antifa members as domestic terrorists as well.
@USER He is on borrowed time.
@USER And she knows because the witch was there? Another fake or lie about the President.If you hate America leave ASAP!
@USER Time to vote and spit in the eye of all these liberals
@USER Who does not support her? Better question is why in hell would I believe someone when liberals are lying 24 or 7? Shit a california professor recently attacked a man with a lock in a sock. How many women have faked attacks on them sense the election?
@USERS Mine too! BBCAN2 was a top tier bb season
@USER Hopefully they do not get shot because of Repug inaction on gun control.
@USER We love you Mr President! Miss you more then any other President that has been in office. You are a class act my friend. slightly smiling face kissing face with smiling eyes 
@USERS Vinnie's going to hunt me down at an antifa march. Shouldn't be hard to recognise me face with tears of joy 
@USER you are joking! loudly crying face 
@USERS gross and disgusting and revealing response - do you not care if your own daughter came home and said that she thought she was going to die while someone tried to rape her. You are one sick person condone that will participate in that for one minute. Not my America!
@USER Meanwhile media on ANTIFA. http
@USER Not if you are polling mexicans! taco bell another kind of food harris says it all i am one
@USER God is good to us folded hands thumbs up 
qanda Fahrenheit 451 is coming regarding conservatives and their thought police
political zealotry &amp tribalism are the new religion america has a problem. Are you contributing to it?http partisanship t cot conservatives conservative gop democrats progressives liberals think reason
@USERS the right to protest. Protesting during the anthem causes people to not even recognize what he is protesting nobody's even talking about the issue just the fact that he is kneeling during the anthem which is counterproductive
@USERS So the only difference affecting crime rates between HI and CONUS is gun control?
@USER . newer info from this week. This is obvious to you right? If Kaz said in June the IPO is a go for Nov but in Sept they say it is no hold for filing issues then that is simply a change out of our control.Right? I am not sure what you are after but it is enjoyable listening.
@USER same shit lmaaaaoooo. i was just making sure!
@USER Bono. who cares. Soon people will understand that they gain nothing from following a phony celebrity. Become a Leader of your people instead or help and support your fellow countrymen.
@USERS it is a unique situation because apparently they knew each other very well. Supposedly dated. We'll see when more details emerge. http
@USERS Liberals pitching fits again
@USERS But that is not convenient for Democrats who must destroy a man in front of his wife and children for the sake of power- Power that allows them to weaponize the FBI - CIA- NSA -IRS- all used against conservatives !
@USER you literally told me that you thought I was being a fake nice bitch http
@USER She is a complete idiot
@USERS The Stinking media says Antifa and Code Pink are black radicals.every one I ever saw was a Racist White Democrat and they blame their violence on blacks.bad stuff
But but bee to has the Drunk Drivers Who Leave The Scene Of An Accident vote all sewed up! maga @USER tx sen http
@USER So Liberals CAN stand.
@USERS She is in our prayers.
@USER He is the worst speaker ever!
@USER fake news at it is finest just change name to antifa and chicken gropers news you cannot use.
@USERS Yes she is. So why isn't she under investigation?
@USERSthat is a car automobile 
@USERS Liberals never apologize
@USER A disgrace.
@USER Eric fast n furious holder
@USER I m with you JR.She is nothing.Don t waste your time on human waste!
Looks like a big group! Way to lean into to team trump @USER maga http
@USERS how about stating the FACT that the rate of black people being murdered by black people is much higher than being murdered by white people. Shine a light on that. Save Chicago.
@USER Strange how Gun Control never works Criminals will never obey laws I am my own first responder http
@USERSFalse rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER The album was boring for me face with thermometer the way his ass took forever to make it and it wasn't even close to all that djsjsjjs i could NOT
@USERS She's probably a millionaire now and once they get paid all that money to slander and ruin someones name they go away because they do not want to get sued for slander or libel. The Democrat Party pays a lot of money to get people to make false accusations against conservatives.
@USER Yes she is!
@USERSGood vibes going towards Robert!
@USERS Climate change is a myth. Gun control is unconstitutional. Gestapo? What a stupid thing to say. They are upholding laws that have been on the books since 1996. Dumbasses 
@USERS Who remembers when this was a leftist argument in favor of Antifa right around when they first became national news
@USER Follow The Pen fountain pen .#MAGA United States It Is Mightier Than The Sword dagger q a non wwg1wga
@USER There's an entire faction dedicated to the idea that school shootings are all faked to try to get gun control laws passed.
@USERS Our debt is not unsubstantiated. It is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, except when conservatives decide they do not believe in that. 
@USERS YOU should've followed Flake's lead and LEFT the Senate! YOU are one unpopular guy. Always working against the POTUS. Just another RINO in the Senate of Swamp Creatures!
@USER BO is bitterly PO'd that Donald Trumps presidency has made him look like the bad president that he was.
@USER Hope your not shocked too bad in November#Kag
@USER What? She is cute but she does not look like me at all
@USER yes please take more of the constitution away from us. you took article 4 sec away did you know when you did that you took away from us the one section in the Constitution WHERE ALL gun control laws come form.? thank you.
@USERSKeep it going. Patriots Friends. Just do not spam do not spam. Send this to all your followers. http
@USER Does anyone proof read these articles before you post them? The article states 'the victim is in hospital in a critical condition where she remains'. Probably best she does as the headline tells us that she is dead! Sack the 12yo work experience kid who put this together.
@USERS You think it is just antifa who stands up against fascists? All decent people will. Look through history. The flabby bigots will run with their tails between their legs like that always do.
@USER Yeah - because ANTIFA are nothing but violent thugs who assault anyone and everything.
@USERS it all adds up she was bought
@USERS Black conservatives are routinely labeled by Black 1% as Uncle Tom's. That is attacking Black conservatives for being Black.
@USERS players should stand up and be counted like soccer players http
@USERSWe never get tired of Winning! http
@USERS Ouch.
@USERS &amp come save America just like the superheroes you are http
@USER You do not need makeup because you are beautiful asf angel growing heart growing heart growing heart growing heart love you
@USER he is just mad because of the POS that he is couldn't do crap except divide this country.
@USER .and we're still not listening all I hear is mumbojumbo.
@USERS which converted Christians also have. which Muslims also have which left-leaning liberals also have
@USERS White liberals do not see blacks as equals but people to be pitied and felt sorry for. I use to have that Victim mindset but waled away from it http
@USERS Cruz needs to add antifa to this proposed Act. That way we literally kill 2 birds of a feather with one stone.
@USER Who TF this white devil Jersey shore bitch?
@USER I hope it shows how to plug a bullet hole? people are getting fed up with mommy warriors and bad things are going to happen to Antifa soon if they are not reigned in
@USERSNope.
 pats tears Gosh. Dammit sniffs sighs My baby- sniffs She just does not deserve this broken heart loudly crying face . She is so precious and I- http
@USER Hopefully he will be indicted soon. At least Loretta Lynch was charming and eloquent.
 #guncontrol itself specifically targets minorities, @USER The entire reason gun control exists is pure, unadulterated racism - bigots like you wanted to keep the recently-freed slaves disarmed and subordinate. Thankfully we've grown from there. http 
@USER When do you post on conservatives declaring Ford a liar without evidence? http
@USER black would be cute w ur skin tone
@USERS All 20 of them! Hardly a problem until the Antifa of hundreds showed up . for what! To riot and destroy!
@USER Wish to suck angel cookie.
@USERS Here he is prepping for the flood. http
@USER dallon you just said lit I am sorry sweetie but you are cancelled
@USER All this division in our nation is utter nonsense.
@USERS Yes. No one should make threats. Really? What happens with and her call for assassination of ? Of antifa Or the great damage done on inauguration day. Or Parkland &lt &lt trained by Obama policies. Or Scalise near hit? Go home Swalwell
@USER We're fighting back against corporate gun control and we could use some help spreading the word. Check it out http
@USERS Actually you are wrong. All of the numbers are substantially better under Trump and it is directly the effect of his tax cuts and deregulations.
@USER Listen CAREFULLY TO THESE leftists This is EXACTLY WHAT THEY WILL DO! liberals &amp leftists cannot be TRUSTED!
@USER ME BITCH I WILL
@USERS It sounds like you are describing the trumps
@USER Hitler would be so proud of David Hogg trying to disarm American citizen so when Democrats come to power-we are helpless And cannot defend ourselves-&amp that is why we have they AR15's http
@USER What they fail to realize is that if even 10% of Trump supporters decide to use force to protest like the lunatic left does now it will be like White Sleeves and Antifa soy boy. They really do not want to keep up this level of rhetoric.
@USER But she is allowed to have her own rules. I believe your women should support what you love and put on your fav team jersey and sit next to you. Even if she hate football. If she cannot do that she ain't the one
@USER Monster is the place to find jobs near you. These companies are hiring right now! Your future could change when you fill out an application http LD
@USER Yes. You are! grinning face with smiling eyes And your passion for him is lovely. smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USER there is no way he is 25 35 maybe not 25
@USER Give me a fricking break. They are worse than the Southern Baptist with a pagan idolatrous.
@USERS Ironic then that the women that vouched for Kavanagh aren't vouching for him anymore. Almost like they were originally arranged to vouch for him without knowing his history. Huh. maga http
Trump @USER Movie Stream Now For Free maga2020 maga http http
@USER Oh shit
@USER Well now he is cut!
@USER You are so good at drawing
@USERS 2bn is notong term that shud b annually.
@USER The fact that he is still a nominee is disgusting
@USER Poor old Rudy he is as full of shit as a Christmas Goose.
@USER Amen brother. He is bringing back america to be our great country. Bring it president donald j trump.
@USER Go home. You are newspeak
@USER oh my god you are two hearts 
@USERS STOP trying to convince people is extremely unpopular. Unfortunately he isn't and it takes away all urgency for liberals to vote in November. This bluewave nonsense will NOT happen if people are comfortable it will happen whether they vote or not.
@USER I really want you and need you &lt 3 &lt 3 I am your biggest fan I just love your personality I love who you are
twitter should be a place where everyone can have a voice- including conservatives. Less shadow-banning and throttling of conservative accounts - freedom of speech throwback ben garrison cartoon http http
@USER That image tells the story of generations of people self medicating to manage distress. cannot count the number of people lost and like you say too many cannot see beyond the sickening labels.
@USERS Grab them by the pussy! What's the problem?
@USERS looking forward to meeting you at conference!
followed all not previously followed. maga kag walk away trump train no daca i want the wall http
@USER Hey Ladies watch you on Saturday nights with Jesse keep up the good work and your right about Jon Voight he is a Gods man and bless his heart for standing up for the President mean evil people out their who are mad and Dangerous we all want hope and Change for America
@USERS 63 million Americans understand embarrassed. we dealt with watching our country being divided by progressive ideologies for 8 years ruled by entitled and elitist liberals! Yep. http
@USERS She goes through with chequers the are finished
@USER Billy Shears Rips 'Mad Captain' Donald Trump in Climate Change Song.
@USER Why did Feinstein give grieving Parkland gun control nut parent Guttenburg a full pass to get to Kavanaugh? It threw the Body Guard into full protection mode. Guttenburg hates Trump and Kavanaugh and threatened on his site and blames them for his daughters death.
@USERS you are holding my life hostage! I have tried everything you have asked to get the freeze removed and for weeks you have done nothing to make this happen. and made it easy. None of your antiquated systems work and customer service is non-existent.
@USERS this high road shit does not work on Trump or Conservatives or Republicans or GOP or MAGAts no more mister nice guy. As says they go low we go for the jugular. They have to be stopped.
@USER Because the NYT as it has always been see Church Committee &amp Legacy of Ashes infiltrated with Deep State actors.The extent to which the Deep State will go see DOJ or FBI criminality 
.@USER They both want you to believe in yourself and to do your own research to discover the truth. They want people to see 100% of the big picture not just the 50% found on fake news that leads people into their echo chambers . censorship of conservatives is a bad idea! http
@USER Are all you liberals idiots?
@USERS eto ba ang hindi corrupt? you are so naive if you think that this administrator is different from previous administrator http
@USERS Unfortunately gun control is long game and the house always wins.
@USER This stupid game you are playing is NOT going to work and Kavanaugh WILL BE CONFIRMED! confirm kavanaugh now maga trump strong america first drain the swamp vote republican trump strong winning United States United States United States 
@USERS Climbs up the charts in Christian Music.only to wither as a fig on a tree as a false prophet. That is 
You fanatical sycophant religious extremists are so fucking close to getting another white supremacist evangelical on the supreme court to overturn roe v wade Wouldn't it just suck to have the rug pulled out from underneath your feet maga fuck off gilead kavanaugh http
@USERS See she is speechless face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER Vote no on Kavanaugh. He has committed perjury. He has dodgy financials. He thinks the President is above the law. He thinks contraceptives are abortion inducing drugs. He is too extreme for the SC.
What the democrats refuse to understand about freedom.is that there are several sides to every situation! Understanding and intellectual reason! you cannot survive in todays society in a one sided . Fake.life! Truth will set us free! MAGA United States thumbs up medium skin tone http
@USER sick of white neo liberals speaking for Black people saying they all love Hillary. They are so deluded. it is like they just rep 'black lives matter' so they can appear woke enough to keep railing against Bernie supporters. Because you know they did not care b4 Hillary lost 2 trump
@USER Fuck my bad leslie i def added you tho ! I am give it to ypu now
 .@USER Today I can announce that new longer-term partnerships will be opened up to the most ambitious housing associations through a ground-breaking 2 billion initiative.the first time any Government has offered housing associations such long-term certainty houses houses houses houses http 
@USERS that is why Kitchens is here partner. He is Haley's right hand man.
@USERS No Fans Left.
@USERS She knew conservatives would destroy her world. She'd hoped to remain anonymous. http
@USERS I agree with you completely! The views that he has on gun control seems like it is common sense but why do you think that it is so uncommon to use common sense when trying to find a way to stop gun violence?
@USERS fucking love you see you hotties soon xox
@USER Let me guess they are a victim of circumstances. But heaven forbid if they got shot for robbing the place all you moron liberals would be screaming gun control. How about kid control or upbringing control of self control.
Calif buys more maga http
@USERS has had to endure an assault on every aspect of his life and personality never seen in politics before. it is relentless. it comes from all sides. each day a new drama emerges for him and his supporters to deal with. it would test any1. its psychological warfare
@USERS He lost his virginity This process has been turned into a clown show Protestors democrats paid for was unethical There hate shows in everyway TRUMP denounced Natzi group and bad on both sides which is true But democrats refuse to denounce Antifa a democratic domestic terror-
@USER Which side has antifa and the handmaids Who you calling Radical 
@USERS Right?! I wanna know why she on the phone calling the police anyway? what did he do ? Fuckin Run Me Over Rhonda 
@USERS And you say liberals make false promises? How's that wall coming? How's that denuclearization of NK coming? How that tax break working out for you? Nice ole tariffs we got there huh? But yea keep on saying wild outlandish shit to make you feel better
@USER sexual assault should disqualify a nomination. ask yourself this why did not they ask him any questions about this in private or public hearing. the accuser had posting on Facebook about stopping conservatives and trump. why do dems still trot out bill clinton
@USER What she really means is for the rest of America to shut up and take all the hate that White Christian Conservatives give out and never fight back
@USER Proud of President Trump! MAGA TRUMP 2020 http
@USERS Flake is a real flake
@USERS Judging by the membership of ANTIFA they're already at that point.
@USERSWoke Bible Readings from Midwest Antifa.
@USER And when they met he looked at her and said I am in charge in you are my bitch. Even though he knew that she is a Domme and was there in that capacity. He tried to control the situation and take over and she had to shut him down and get the hell out of there so she did not get hurt.
@USER Enjoy them before those liberals take them white boys down for being white !
@USER There are no principled conservatives.
@USERS Then you are going to be super man after the hard time you are about to do.
@USERS ANTIFA feet.
@USER he is VALID
@USERS He is the best memelord that could exist
@USER it is because you are evil!
@USER Hey be nie sanders they all cannot come to US! Come on. We have enough problems with your antifa .
@USERS He is an emotionally detached and cautious man. His youthful 1965 to 1970 military service and connections to naval intelligence have never really been talked about. I think that there is still some Deep Throat stuff that was hidden by the outing of a confused Mark Felt.
@USER First Amendment
@USERS listen to these fiscal conservatives calling in crying because or Mike Harris supporters crying.weeeehhhhh weeeeehhhhh.stand up for something other then yourselves. http
@USERS Ah he is great. Cheers
@USERSNow following all the patriots that I wasn't already following! Let's MAG &amp KAG &amp VOTE RED together! Thank you all!
@USERS SERVES THE BASTARDS RIGHT!
 @USER 2D is a puppet for el mierdas Wowowow! I was crying when I see the video http 
@USER So you are saying they should not count on him to keep the streak alive?
@USERS Indoctrinated ewe programmed to believe EVERYTHING msm propaganda tells you to. The left are the nutcases. Acting stupid in a Senate hearing, antifa. Hate filled 
@USER Fool!
@USER Yes bitch loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face 
@USER Too late. antifa
@USER Bet she is headed to The View!
@USERSI never talked about gun control in any form.
@USERS Blame your opponent of the things you are guilty of - this pope is a satanist
Maybe in 2020 if Trump is still around the Democratic challenger will invite all the women Trump has threatened or raped to the debates. fear bob woodward the resistance ma gats maga http
@USERS You are so right
@USERS she is one
@USER man facepalming medium-dark skin tone man facepalming medium-dark skin tone man facepalming medium-dark skin tone they need too but he is wylin right now sitting out like this
@USER Come on Texas I know your not ready to hand over your guns to liberals!
@USER How? You cannot just say Wrong with no evidence for why it is. You said you agree with Sargon I am pretty much every subject but gun control and healthcare. that is not what a centrist believes.
Hispanics flourishing in Trump economy maga http
@USERS Absolutely love Serena.however - the way she behaved was totally on her and the ref was within his rights.she is deflecting here by making it about women's rights.
@USER God dang! did not she break campaign finance laws? Why isn't she in jail? did not she promise to move out of the US? Why won't she just Go Away?!
63 of the 65 women who vouched 4 kavanaugh have recanted after accuser comes forward flushed face WH scrambling weary face But can they stop a demeaning trump tweet clown face pile of poo middle finger medium-light skin tone maga fbr party gop complicit stop kana va ugh trump train to crazy town alternative facts http
maga the home of abject hypocrisy. http
@USERS Nobody wants to take your guns, we just want gun control of what guns we will allow you to have . 
@USER the criminals need gun control
@USER he is there to talk about bail money face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy Well at least he got a hell of a meal out of the trip into town.
 @USER Trust me. i know her well enough so that she is ok if i take a body of another good girl for the night. 
@USERS I wouldn't say I am conflicted - Article 7 would be justified - but you are right in stating that the really important decision will be taken or postponed inside the The Sargentini report was but a prelude. Those who want orban out should now push harder.
@USER She is proud of herself and that is good for motivation when she is doubting herself because probably her Label isnt getting her paid.
@USER You are an individual of excellent taste.
@USER yeap she is politically a lame duck already dead politically
@USER Stanced up http
@USER Hatred of the man makes people like this fool say things like this. Not reality.
@USERS Stricter gun control laws will only be enforced by people with guns.
@USER Good to see your hosting of the Emmys' bombed. Seems only Liberals like no humor. You won't be asked back. Career killer. You were Da rating tanking Bomb. Now go celebrate with your liberal pals.
@USERS Has to be MK ultra.
police banter Training? Oh my God! Fools and Tools. maga mega mb ga mcga conservatives patriots http
6 more white boys standing up for you every day Ms. .@USER I think the poster adds speshul emphasis. do not you? maga wwg1wga http
@USERS Aunt Crabby, will you bake her some SPECIAL cookies so she will children out! I worry she is going to have a heat attack! 
@USERS A friend of mine said that touched him on his.well you know.He does not actually remember the details.but it happened he said. she should be referred to the FBI.wait.they are as corrupt as she is. 
@USER Her last name says a lot MESS!
@USER Fun fact rural areas with extremely high gun ownership rates has nearly-zero homicide rates while urban areas with extreme gun control low ownership rates has astronomically high homicide rates. Why is the correlation exactly opposite?
@USERS Anything to say? 
@USER You are sexy as fuck babygirl fire fire fire 
roseanne barr never hid her racism inexcusable but we know liberals sunk her because of muslim brotherhood comment priorities black lives matter we must unite to end racism roseanne barr has been an open racist for decades. 100 inexcusable. pc liberals wake up end racism http
@USERS Globalization threatens nationality causing the alt right concerns about destroyed values that keep us unified like the ten commandments and the Constitution. Then we have the alt left demanding their mini Bolshevik indoctrination to oppress everyone and start a war. Let God be
@USER You are fake news
@USERS i really wish they could find someone better than Cuccinelli to represent Conservatives. he is the epitome of a douche bag used car salesman with a law degree.
@USERS He is losing his mind
@USER it is said that artists who paint this way are showing how they truly see the world. Well he is showing how him and all liberals see the world.
@USERS Unfortunately some democrats and their supporters have shown support for antifa and lied by saying they were protesting peacefully
 @USER That guy has a legit case. Trump ain't fuck up the sexual orientation laws yet so dude needs to take them to court. And I say that as someone who describes themselves as I am Not One of Those 'I'ma Sue!' people . 
1. We all want affordable health care for everyone. Liberals want it so badly they are willing to change the facts to produce the theory. that is false science. The correct thing is to change the theory to accommodate the facts. that is science.
@USER You are right raised fist 
@USERS Whereas you are almost a year late in trying to demonstrate you give a toss about women's rights + needs under the law. You are a disgrace + an embarrassment to keele + the legal profession Alex. Prioritising the rights of sexual predators over their victims damages us &gt http
@USERS you are that special case that gets away with introducing an innocent child you own to hate. bravo
 #Republicans morals are stronger than democrat liberals Evidenced by trying to stop Liberals from aborting themselves out of existence it is the right thing to do Even though letting them kill off their young so Natural Selection would win would benefit us more maga kag
 17 yrs ago today, President Bush you know, the one liberals are calling cute signed into law the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force #AUMF . It has been used to authorize over 37 military actions in 14 countries since - without additional Congressional action. http 
@USERS Funny how well meaning left leaning liberals have become money obsessed fundamentalists.strange business brexit.
@USERS So a cop kills someone and this becomes a gun control issue?
@USERS I hope all remember and think real hard. Folks, you are just a Carbon Reduction to them. And they are looking for MORE. http 
@USER And no one cares
@USERS In this tweet is a whole lot of conservatives calling for a victims head on a fake account. Y'all keep being awesome citizens! or s JFC, most of you belong in jail if you act the same way in real life. lock them up kava nope
A new bill aims to send masked Antifa activists to jail for 15 years http
@USER If there are any infractions due to pot the liberals should be sued.
@USER Ummm you cannot hear what she hears because you are not bat poop crazy like she is.
@USER My man! Let's go!
@USER Morrows history is he is not going to stay healthy. he is a dominant reliever but his track record is hes going to land on the DL at some point
@USER Liberal Dictionary -Illegal Immigrants Dreamers -Trump Supporters Deplorable -MS-13 Killers Human Beings -Human Beings in the Womb Not Human Beings -Antifa Protestors -Law Abiding NRA Members Terrorists -Bill Clinton Feminist -Brett Kavanaugh Predator
@USER he is a cocky SOB who needs to be brought down to his knees
@USERS I get what you mean though I have never personally seen any liberals complain about white conservative people immigrating here from Poland or wherever. Does that happen on a large scale? I guess a better way to phrase my initial point would be diverse immigration.
@USERS And I am sure she's for common sense gun control as long as she has gun toting bodyguards. 
@USERS I hope you do not make it!
@USERS Because the possibility she was honoring the woman's request for confidentiality isn't a thing conservatives be capable of grasping.
 91.3FM The Edge is playing What You Are by Audioslave. 
@USERS Condemning antifa violence is fine too brother
@USER imagine unironically believing that liberals support antifa
@USERS Well you may be right. Always the optimist I am going to carry on with my possibly deranged mission to believe we can achieve a united front.
@USER Tim Kaine Completely SILENT. him too vase n violent left antifa muslim virginia http
 shuving tide pods in mouth need more gun control nomnom nom nom
@USERS I do not understand why conservatives place so much faith on having a majority conservative in SCOTUS.We have forgotten than we've had 8-1 and 6-3 up there and Roe V. Wade was not overturned.
@USERS Nice pic
@USER hi i love youuuuuu. i hope you are doing okay right now ariana. i lovee youuuu
@USERS Yes I am the cousin of the infamous Cheese! rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER Yet the number of applications from liberals that were rejected was higher then yours. You sound salty that the liberals had more people looking for use this program but you guys just had people with worst values.
@USERS Right. disgusting! I cannot tell if these acc is a man or woman but he or she is sick.
This guy is a disgusting little perv. maga http
Where is my MAGA cap?! http
.@USER Thank you for signing sb100 and for your leadership at the climate summit. Please also sign the gun control legislation on your desk. This is another area where California should lead the nation.
@USER Ever get the feeling these people do not live in the same universe as we do?
The Dog is on the hunt! maga http
@USER Every one of them is more rank than she is. And she's pretty rank. So I guess they all outrank her.
@USERS She is a Republican. Do you actually expect any different. And as far as her calling the opposition money a bribe she should be used to that by now bribes that is
@USERS ! I hadn't heard that! I saw the guy who set fire to them BEFORE taking them off though. Now Levis will be for gun control. Will people set fire to their jeans? Will they remember to take them OFF first?
kavanaugh this is the common use of guns . the conservatives and their prays of dead http
@USERS She is dickmatized
. @USER ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS I taste the barbie rainbow &amp facial expressions were everything I see you eyes roman THIS VIDEO WAS legendary YOU ARE A FUCKING icon barbie dreams video http
@USER You are my help
@USER It isn't news that Conservatives really hate our rights and freedoms.
@USERS Yes but it does not help with the made up stories about him. He shouldn't of called football players SOB. but he is right about illegal immigration. We cannot support the entire nation. Rules needs to change.
@USER He is way more creepier and says way more stupid things http
@USERS What type of common sense gun control ideas would you propose?
@USER The really frightening thing is that plenty of Antifa are stupid enough to believe this is true. I'd put a bet on the first one to try it being a woman Antifa. They seem to be the most stupid and more willing to vitue signal their way into an early grave.
@USER How do you know she is not credible?
@USER I MISS you
@USERS so sad loudly crying face take two references with monique and chloe x
@USERS Character assassination and intimidation are two of the favorite weapons Liberals use against those who do not agree with them. Some like Ms Waters promote violence &amp support Antifa who has actually stated they want to kill Trump and his supporters . Skeptical ?. 
@USERS Sshh speak-no-evil monkey she is lying smirking face grinning face with sweat loudly crying face face with tears of joy 
@USER Eirc Holder a friken idiot
@USERS The child rape Assembly Line http via We cannot trust a catholic priest We cannot trust a jewish rabbi - Why do we let these people have secrets great awakening maga 
@USER F the nfl! http
president trump was elected because we are so very tired of destructive dems We're look for strong conservatives like trey gowdy http
@USERS some people are talking crap about serena questioning her maturerity and justifications of her action. If you never get burn before you will not know how it feels to get burn Serena knows it she has seen it. She is tired of so she is speaking out and it is an issue.
@USERS &amp May need to end the stigma of living in B&amp B by allowing councils to build more AFFORDABLE social housing. 
@USER come eat me drooling face smiling face with heart-eyes fork and knife with plate confounded face 
@USERS Because you advocate for -gun control -mass immigration -cultural Marxism you are a tool for Jewish Globalists
@USER then you must condemn antifa and BLM who spew hate and fear toward the police
@USER Saudi dispute with Canada may lose business
@USERS Antifa is banned by the central commitee for they are not proper socialists. More pinko then red.
@USER Highly doubt that. Even if they take back the House there are a great many Dems that do not want her back as Speaker.
@USERS Whatever you may say. You are not coming in 2019
@USERS Just the fact that stop kavanagh REPEATEDLY attempted to block the abortion for an undocumented immigrant which she wanted tells me he is unfit to serve on the Supreme Court. We do not need a person who cherrypicks what laws will or will not be respected. 
@USERS Lmfao rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing deadass
@USERS His staffers should remember that Trump is in favor of using enhanced interrogation techniques.
@USERS That isn't at all plausible. Tories and Labour have access to that building. More Tories have a problem with her than Labour and there are more Tories. It could have been a leftist but there are more Tory suspects. You are pretty abusive for someone arguing the left are abusive 
@USERS if you speak Spanish? MS-13 Muslim? terrorist black person? should've complied hold a dissenting opinion? emotional snowflake Gun control? Nazi Republican putting people in internment camps? PATRIOT Think you leave your human rights at the boarder? PATRIOT I am tired
@USERS steroids and pills mixed in with their alcohol that is a little bit of a BIG NIGHTMARE or bad dream right there. ANTI-SUICIDE LAWS and gun control LICENSE FOR EACH GUN PLEASE walks into a cop station http
 @USER endorses felons ah yes and who are felons most likely to be? this shit reminds of when bernie said Chicago was different to Vermont in regards to what gun control was needed. 
@USERSThis lady is a grade A idiot or a complete and total liar. I have called her on most of her bullshit. Anyone with half a brain knows what she is spewing is crap.
@USERS face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy is this a joke? Cause its funny as fuck face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER BETO is for GUN control! In TEXAS that do not hunt. He is a liberal just like Picante sauce from New Jersey winking face with tongue REMEMBER the ALAMO! Keep Texas Red United States 
@USER Ford is a liar &amp a ultra left wing radical working with George Soros &amp others such as Antifa &amp the Dem party has known it all along.
@USERSFollowed all patriots that I wasn't already following grinning face with big eyes pls follow back! Thanks for a great list of Trumpsters! MAGA! patriots unite
@USER He is a cancer though. Suspended for like 3 years and then is late to practice when he is able to play again. Can you blame them for cutting him when they suck anyways?
@USER Just make sure you have another one to March out there when this one gets laughed at ok? Think ahead liberals Or should we just back off because she's a female?
@USERS Matthew - you are a Lefty genius. Go live in Syria, Assad is a much nicer guy than Trump. you will like it there. rolling on the floor laughing Lots of human rights no racism, no sexism. Tell us how you get on. rolling on the floor laughing pile of poo pile of poo grinning squinting face 
@USER Friggen crook.
@USER And Democrats want an open border and gun control. rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing grinning face with sweat 
@USER And the only people who actually watch the Emmys are low intellect liberals and crackheads.
@USERS Conservatives have never cared about women or minorities.
@USERSThey will try do not want attention on released FISA documents
@USER Most Liberals know deep down that it is oppressive and misogynistic but that is better than being a racist Islamophobe which is what you are according to liberals if you dare speak out against it. This is how low the standard for debate is on topics like this.
@USERS Antifa doing the Lords work. antifa schism us w irkt
@USERS I think we can get the picture in that one crying face crying face 
@USERS He is such an A-Hole. Sad.
@USER Noticed she's a blonde. Fits the Conservative mold. I do not know why Conservatives are obsessed with blonde hair and Internet addiction.
police Pay rise 1% crisis in policing policing in collapse tories &amp theresa may hatred of Police! @USER lbc http
@USERS Ooooh she is beautiful ! o
@USERS The only ones building on hate and division right now are the Dems and their enforcers Antifa and Naxine Watters.
Win A 15 Shot Rotary Polish Flare Launcher - RGA-86 http maga molon la be nra 2a firearms
@USER y'all bet your sweet bippy i am sparkling heart thank you 
@USER Love the liberals that Troll Ann Coulter.
@USERS oh my god he is so cute Which video is this gif come from 
@USER She is by far the most pretentious little try-hard housemate in there this year. So cringeworthy. bb uk
@USERS But Google can give Beijing every Americans phone number. you are kidding me right? MAGA 2020
@USERS What about ? You and your antifa son are keeping your trap shut about that.
@USER she is 
@USERS You know who did not have any allegations on his record Brett Kavanagh until one week ago when the Democrats thought it up but I am sure any Democrat nominee from now on will have someone in their past come forward and I hope the Liberals are happy for bringing lowering us
@USER It'd thank you more if you accepted sunblock when your wife offers it p
@USER When will people support Gun control? that is more important. do not you care about humans life? No
@USER From his couch.
@USER Bitch better serve
@USERS who? Kerry?
@USERS Goth if you do not mind how you vet to 530 I am currently stuck at 516 and done my powerful gear
@USER I tried to remember? I do not under your joke. I lobe conservatives like yourself because your so inept.
@USERS ay ur flies open in pic 1
12 hotel guests killed in Corpus Christi with 9mm Ruger P89. The NRA calls gun control research 'unethical'.
@USERS Crooked
@USER Combined IQ -6
@USERS . says the UK does not diagnose cancer early enough. He hopes trials of special diagnostic centres will help in the future http nhs70 http
@USER get through a sentence without laughing challenge
@USER have we become angels? BEST
@USER drop rn so i can procrastinate more
@USERS She is a walking talking lie. that is why.
@USERS come on. Nicco had excuses not to fight Shev twice already and then 24 hrs from fight cannot make weight. She is not a champ. Heck she was a TV show champ at best
@USERS You are the racist. Serenas outburst and pure hate was the worst I've seen in tennis
 @USER I do not know where he is. He is often gone without telling me where he goes to. He shrugs his shoulder. Why do not you go to your girlfriend? 
@USER Ever notice how the Liberals kick the can down the road to when they won't be in power? Where was this the last 4 years?
@USERS -Yogi Bear -Nick &amp Nickelodeon -FoodNetwork -HGTV -Ancient Aliens -Hallmark Channel Next channel to surpass CNN in ratings ESPN
@USERS Get him off what? You better wake up and look around you. Liberals want anarchy and no laws and to keep giving away your hard earned money to people who refuse to work. Then they sit back in their big gated houses in their lily white world and forget all about you. ewe 
@USER Stop saying this shit you are not going to do it shrio you have to fight this depression you cannot let it take you half of my life was me hiding my emotions everyone thought I was happy but deep down I wanted to end it all but I did not let depression beat me I kept fighting.
@USER Crush antifa That is all.
@USERS Because CHEAT if you have to! Just WIN at any cost is the new motto. And MAGA &amp shit. raised fist 
@USER Natural selection at its finest.
@USER You guys really just did this on cue. maga mkultra
@USERS Really? He is the only president that has been so hands on when it comes to these catastrophes I do not see how he has time. Obama and bush never did that. Sorry dems.lose again.
@USERS win for us Antonio. We're with you. maga
@USERS stands with pedophiles not the soul that stands with the people that were harmed for life. How can he say he is a man of God?Glad 1 day he'll be held accountable. He needs to be removed. I will never enter a Catholic church again until Church swamp cleaned.
@USER Antifa is the modern day KKK. Funded by the Demarat party.
@USERS She worked for before he fired her for her comments on The View. She is inconsistent all over the damn place.
Energy Independence A 'bi-product' of Donald Trump's relentless pursuit to maga http
@USERS Obama claims robust economy belongs to him and Pelosi blames bad economy on Trump. These dem dolts are schizo. 
@USER Orin Hatch was born in 1934. He is 84 years old. He is completely out of touch and will not be around to see or to be accountable for his actions. This is why we need term limits!
@USER Wasn't Lois because.K's issue asking inappropriate questions ? - so he is being put into the same category as racists or people who assault others sexually . seems a bit over the top if that is the case. I remember when we used to use the law to decide a persons guilt or punishment.
@USERSFollowed all Patriots. Please follow back. maga United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States 
@USERS You should collab with he makes minecraft and fortnite videos! he is really nice and so fun you should try it!
@USERS Not to mention that Jim seriously has a medical condition. What an SJW tactic to take. Sargon seriously has become what ANTIFA is .
@USERS still thinks she matters. face with rolling eyes grinning squinting face face with tears of joy 
@USERS the films with bale in got sucky as they went along? so what you are saying is that batman begins was better than the dark knight and dark knight rises? your comment makes no sense therefore you are invalid
@USERS You are a fascist pig. Now go report my to your shitty Twitter so I will be removed.
@USER She is gorgeous
@USER i think its because he is remaining this pure sweet thing
@USERS You think they'll get violent? Antifa already is. I do agree it will get worse. that is why we all need to learn self defense and get concealed carry approved w or insurance.
@USER So what ur saying is that it is in fact chicken shit and you are eating chicken shit http
@USERS I blame for inciting violence and she should be held accountable! She is a despicable disgrace.
@USERS My sister is in G'ville. Says she is going to text you
@USER Here she is. http
@USER Liberals with their lies again.
 @USER Police state tyrant liberals LOVE the word dangerous when gaslighting their sheep. 
@USERS It to t dd
@USERS Obama will be remembered as the man that destroy libya. Imagine if mi6 or cia give blm or antifa guns and wages war vs trump. Then they control the msm and say trump use chemical weapon to legalize their coup. The blood is on obama hand.
@USERS I apologize if you inferred I was calling you Antifa. I was qualifying one of my many reasons for owning an arsenal.
@USER I think he WAS black. But thank God the police here behaved professionally. She is SCARY!
@USERS Arms WERE or ARE TO BE REGULATED BY LAW those regulations aimed at near-universal armament or training with contemporary military grade design Arms personally owned or possessed &amp kept in the HOME by the people 2a that is CONSTITUTIONAL gun control . 
@USERS @ the WORLD league viewership compared to league of legends or overwatch or cs go. Main issues are that the format is shit and the game is on console. So you need to fix one of them. Console could be turned into an advantage uf you capture the attention of Joe Shmo
@USERS He is past his sell-by date.
@USER And these weasels are smiling?
AD 1745 Jacobite Rising of Bonnie Prince Charlie
@USERS rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing every gf and ein track. Whole ass album pahh
53 high school students murdered in Texas with 9mm Taurus semiautomatic. The NRA calls gun control research 'unethical'.
@USERS Somehow I doubt that statistic you just made up in your head. http
@USERS Fuck you. If she dare then why did not she choose any other granth . . m sure she is looking for some publicity. Bible or kuran . Whatever her intention was but she done a drama . May be she want to start any business that requires public intention.
@USERSHas to with the revelations of what the liberals have been up to. http
@USER The Framers of the Constitution were primarily White Anglo-Saxon men so what might that tell us about modern day Anti-federalists and the Antifa movement and the extremes they might go to? http http
@USER not going to lie it looks good but the pineapple is pissing me oFFF
@USERS Since we are a republic.no. maga
@USERS he is made a gun control shift as well. Check his talking points from last cycle.
times up twitter Pro-Life Organization President Slams Twitter for Bias http newsmax via @USER
@USER As if.
@USER Guess the robber did not know about all of NYC's gun control laws
@USER HOW CAN PELOSI BE SPEAKER? SHE IS MENTALLY IMPAIRED
levi strauss doubles down on Gun Control Push http http
@USER Morals? You mean like aborting an infant? Falsely accusing people? Antifa violence? Censoring free speech on campuses? Looting? Lying as you fill the Deep State? Those morals?
@USER Google and Twitter are monopolies. They need to be broken up by the Government.
@USERS upside-down face frowning face selector lying face Absolutely! Liberals are upside down!
@USER She is so right!
@USER about as high as he is
 @USER I do not agree. I prefer gun control . Gun safety shifts the debate into a lane that they prefer. do not give an inch. 
@USER He is dead so um irrelevant &amp he was murdered.
@USERS She wasnt abused she is lying
@USER Fascist always control the media.
@USERS The are the party of violent liberal ANTIFA with their KKK hoods beating up strangers they know nothing about. They should have stopped that a long time ago &amp quit funding it. I have trouble believing anything they say or that they actually care about any of their causes.
@USER Holy shit he is a prophet
@USERS What do you mean by not for 45 years? I recall relatively recent local gun control laws being overturned by Congress. Am I misremembering?
@USER He is about as useless as a tit on a hog just saying smiling face with sunglasses 
@USERS it is funny what you conservatives consider facts http
@USER Still better than Spanish it is so fucking boring and the teacher grades us based on how sexually active we are unamused face 
@USER 'Why people who are a particular leaning?' - this implies that there is a specific effort against conservatives which I have not seen any actual evidence of. Presidential tweets and cherry picking tweets do not count 
@USERS you do not put this much thought into antifa goons ripping downtown seattle apart every holiday
@USER There are more good people than criminals. If the good people are armed the criminals won't stand a chance. In the USA the cities with the highest violent crime rates are those with the strictest gun control. The Swiss are all armed and trained - violent crime is rare.
@USER Deplorable is an understatement he is just as his supporters are . I do not even have a word. it is just time to end this to end it . impeach imprison execute what even the harshest penalty imaginable that animal deserves it
@USERS As per my friends that were correctional officers in Corcoran State Prison.Yes he is.
@USER But really.well Hold on. Let me go comment on some girls photo with her boobs hangin out. upside-down face 
t cot maga Complacency kills. Vote in November http
Trump Is Making America Great Again via @USER http
@USER Yee yee
@USER The judge and some other guy need to come out and say they are lovers and have been since high school. That would really fuck with liberals. smiling face with sunglasses 
@USERS Trump does not understand his job? Trump will go down as the most successful and Obama and his entire administrator as most corrupt
@USER Junior was more accomplished and charming this week.Senior admonishment by PC at conclusion was correct today. No need for people to be there beyond 1700.Wheels of justice are grinding small.But typical W or s distortion. They should have all just been allowed 1 bite at that cherry
@USER Farther not further. maybe you should study English and quit playing In the journalistic limelight!
@USERS Antifa gets to stay on twitter but the proud boys are banned. Life isn't fair. do not be a victim.
@USERS Sareena was wrong to behave like this. That is not racist just truth. I do not want my children watching this behavior.
@USERS Except when it comes to tyrone Woodley. you ate your words eh dan. 45 mins about how great till was and why Woodley wasn't that great. What happened bud? Some fucking expert. 74-1. Stfu dan hardy.
-he is the sweetest I swear sparkling heart 
@USER Who would buy a book written by such a total classless Porn star! I'll tell you who Democrats and liberals
@USERS maga -- something's fishy with Kavanaugh. He is not Supreme Court material -- morally insufficient. http
@USER A hypocritical stance.
@USERS You'll be lucky. He'll be hiding from his constituents in Hull or some other lesser known part of Rossendale and Darwen.
@USERS I am not sad. I am fucking angry. angry that the GOP is embracing fascism. My grandfather was Antifa from 1942-1945. I am following in his footsteps. His friends did not die in vain for nothing. http
@USER About 20 of them Motherfuckers double exclamation mark selector 
@USER You are amazing. You fill our days with light. do not ever change. Love from your Irish fan.
@USERS it is like saying, If you do not adhere to what Krishna says, you are a Muslim. There are other religions out there and there's also atheism, the lack of any beliefs. it is not that simple to know what a person thinks based on his doings or non-doings. 
@USER Do we dare say he is. better than Nyjer?
@USER Dan Rather supplied her with unimpeachable documentation and she is just waiting for Snopes to verify it for her.
@USERS You are not dumb. http
@USERS oh my god what fuckin' kind of this beauty TT
@USERS Maybe he thinks he is.
@USERS Another sheep led to the slaughter the left are eating there own!
@USERS But the liberals do
 @USER Probably worth noting that the vast majority of the privileged voters she is so nauseated by are overwhelmingly Seattle liberals.Guess they just aren't pure enough for some. 
@USERS . need to come out &amp say if we're headed for a 'no-deal' in October then must call a General Election. that is the only people's vote we need. If people want a 'no-deal' they can vote for the I do not think people do. So vote 
@USER I think we should be going after Sen Feinstein if she really cared she would not have sat on this issue and made it political. She is using you like all democratic power seekers be careful who you sell your soul too
@USER What you are doing is so moving and I appreciate everyone!
@USERSNow do Black Lives Matter and Antifa.
@USERS Anglo-Saxons most of you are a Melting Pot of ethnicities. 
@USERS Let us all return to bouncer school.
@USER You are the worst
@USERS I dropped him post-suspension. He is back in our good graces!
@USER I am jealous. I would love to work in the White House with these fine people. Hell I would dust the window's just to be a part of this fabulous time and team. God Bless you all. MAGA
@USERS This is because Japan have a PM with COMMON SENSE &amp FORESIGHT. They do not pander to Muslims like MAY does. TORY POLITICAL SUICIDE - G.E. 2020 grinning face with smiling eyes http ex TORY
@USER Why are they searching this mans home he is the one they shot?who cares if he had a little weed it is a red herring
@USERSI follow all these MAGA Patriots United States red heart selector got a few new ones red heart selector United States http
No. I respect him for sticking up for his wife but let's not forget that he is running around screaming MAGA &amp said slavery sounds like an option to him. http
@USER And so what? And who cares?
@USERS DemocRATS continue to attack &amp smear conservatives. Their latest victim Brett Kavanaugh. This tactic is right out of Saul Alinsky playbook. do not fall for it! confirm kavanaugh now 
@USER Patrick ass?
@USER IK never did. He is liar.
@USERS Hi would you come to ENGLAND and have time of your life you want be disappointed I will give you a orgasim like nothing you have gotten probably in your past life I will make you piss yourself many times as you like so if you are interested call or inbox me 07405077156 WhatsApp
 60 Sixty year old! Man . she is fine http
@USERS CANNOT CONTAIN HIMSELF That is why HE IS UNWELCOME AT A SCHOOL without an escort and a hall pass . He is WELL BEHIND HIS OPPONENT in his re-election campaign. cannot work well or play well with others. it is TIME FOR A CHANGE! DISTRICT D
@USERS 'Unintentionally' you fuckin pedo.
@USERS it is clear that Trump is President and hillary still cannot accept that. Too bad 'ause he is there for 6 more years. maga
@USER Doing soooo much better than the big Zero and his losers
@USERS In the criminal world of the democrats &amp liberals this is exactly how it works!
@USERS hey sick holder were you the dirty filthy greasy cheesy negarrrr who was in contempt of Congress? do not open your mouth it is extremely stink.
levi strauss Takes Stand On Gun Control - http Continuous News Missoula &amp Western montana http
@USER She is so beautiful! smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes 
We do not need more elitist in Government trump maga @USER http
@USERS She has no credibility. Lives in a $4 million mansion and associates with Antifa. Who would stab her in the back anyway.
@USERS Wow! You guys just beat a dead horse do not you? You do not look at what good the NRA has done at all because of the failure of Broward right? Or is it antifa that you fancy?
@USER I am wondering how he is going to keep those leaves on
@USERS reckon he is upset about Wacky Wednesdays because the boys told him it was absolutely going to be a Mad Monday this time?
@USER Limousine liberals.
@USERS oh my god no. You have no idea what the fuck you are saying. it is like a pink sheet stock that keeps reverse splitting. Will eventually be worthless to everyone. But hey may keep dreaming. We all need dreams.
@USER He does have a magic wand and he does know what to do.
@USER What's MAGA stand for? My Attorney Got Arrested? face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER Please tell me this will be streamed somehow. You are going to absolutely wipe the floor with Totally An Actual Human Ted Cruz.
@USERS FBI and Doj lawless? Why so many guilty pleas and cooperation? Sure is strange all of trumps campaign is going down in a first ball of flames yet conservatives still fail to admit the unprecedented level of corruption by GOP and make the needed corrections. Sad
@USER Get away from these lying toxic people!
@USER You just justified their not only using violence but the instigating it. What if I use a similar justification and say they hate Americas and wish to violate my to rights. End Antifa and its ideology and end people trying violate my rights and destroy my country
@USERS I cited the Constitution. that is not good enough for you?
@USERS True but the constant talk from the left about common sense gun control every time and yet not one valid proposal
@USER Biggest corrupt lying piece of s pile of poo there ever was!
@USER I bet she thinks you liberals abused here when you told her it was just an op ed not a photo shoot.
@USERS George Soros Antifa people ! http
@USER What the fuck is wrong with you?
@USERS By saying they eat my dogs in correlation to bts, you are automatically relating asians to dog-eaters . You know that bts does not eat dogs, so your comment was obviously meant to convey hate. 
@USER HEY BEE ITCH YOU WILL BE INDICTED AND WILL GO TO GITMO
@USERS the ironic part about this tweet is that the model in this gif teased a darkskin model for her natural 4c hair
@USERS She is a terrible person.
@USER Who needs courts when you have clairvoyant liberals.
@USER Because Gutierrez is corrupt and so are the unions there.
@USER -WHO CARES WHAT THISWACKO DOES! NOT NEWS!
@USERS maga . oh . And FvKK YOU! Judge Kavanaugh's no more ambitious than some old MuttaFuttah like you who's been in GD Senate for the past millenium. 
MAGA.retweet this over and over .he has deleted the tweet but let's let him know we have it! http
@USER You are hands down the best principal ever &lt 3 Stay safe during this hurricane! Ily sparkling heart 
@USERS Yep. They had to produce this article to shut up the liberals.
@USER And I will need to relocate
@USER Accurate numbers be damned eh? Let's pretend that hard working entrepreneurial tax paying Canadian Conservatives are as gullible as the Trump base. I am sure they do not mind having their intelligence insulted at all.
@USERS I just binged watch Seasons 1-3 in 2 days! I need more flushed face If you have not seen this show you are missing out. it is fantastic! cowboy way al faith cattle co god first love ur family bubba cody booger blue heart blue heart blue heart 
@USERSHer or someone similar. PM me if you want to talk to JRM face to face by the way
@USERS Besides she's a leftist celebrity. We never use death threats. At least good conservatives like you and me.
 @USER do not forget the deletion of all of her social media no doubt Anti-Trump pro Antifa . Why is no-one asking why she cannot fix a year or day? Are they genuinely THAT gullible? She had one beer and somehow ended up in a bedroom? Implausible. 
@USERS Everything is a crisis for these conservatives. The only real crisis I've noticed is the complete destruction of the Conservative Party.
@USERS I hope Ask about the deep state and swamp creatures undermining president's Agendas and latest video
@USER I would be surprised if she is even on tomorrow
@USERS Wonder if Donald jr is next?
WOW.THE BEST people I AM CONNECTING WITH.#MAGA.#KAG.THANKS TO ALL OF YOU.xoxo
@USERS No they aren't! They have all said she could speak in or out of the public &amp she should be heard! Stop spreading lies! Of course you liberals think you should just ruin his life with no evidence
@USERS Get your point but not sure how many years they were in different districts total? but teams in same district can still meet up in semis in the old district format from 2002-2017. In fact a district runner up won the 3A football title a year ago.
@USERS So . . . wait . . . why were the robots there?
@USER I am going to save liberals the work and go ahead and put myself in the misogyny and racist jail before I retweet this gem. http
@USERSHe calls him Wil because he knew him. Because he is old.
@USERS This women is a vile example of the far left lunacy. She is using the Alinsky, Rules for Radicals Handbook. No matter what you have to do, lie,steal,use violence etc. you must destroy the conservatives. They lack character &amp have no moral code. 
@USERS You are two nutcases. Obviously. http
@USER or or Well the suffering she goes through and all the terrible shit she sees ends up making her pretty insane I think you already seen that from certain things I posted but hey at least she's only insane to bad guys!
@USER Gee double standard over here the left call them heroes.
@USERS Bad bytches prolly got some fucked up attitudes! So this oughta y'all y'all ya looks only carry you so far man shrugging medium-dark skin tone 
@USER Can it kid
@USER I made my position clear with the principal.that clearly he is used to dealing with young adults. My son isn't mentally. I would ask they check before sending me that msg again. I think my likeness is a dart board in the staff lounge
@USER Yay! Look at the liberals complaining yet again!
@USERS They should consider gang squad units. They should consider controlling the dope epidemic. They should consider a lot of things. But the loosing left would disagree and just scream gun control
@USERS Why do they thing liberals do not own guns? We do not spend our life savings on them.
@USER 10 cities with a total of 30 people attending
@USERS Antifa is always igniting fighting and violence with the right, therefore they are YOU! BLM is mostly peaceful? Are you kidding me? Do your research! Geez http 
roberts rooms supporting open border candidate Austin Petersen. Sells out maga for payoffs. http
@USERS That does not change the fact that Muslim Linda Sarsour deliberately sows hate and division. She is a fraud who pretends to support women's rights. Does she protest Islam's discrimination of women. NO.
@USERS scottish running out of excuses and lies to justify her position http
@USERS you are an amazing genius
.@USER you are stripping Americans of citizenship? Attacking the poor again as well - home births being more affordable. My little niece was born at home - unplanned drama. She is 14th generation proven +native. you are going to challenge her citizenship? http
@USERS But as a sidenote I do not categorize all people on the left as far left - Antifa thugs etc. Far from. And I do not condone any effort to perpetuate such behavior.
@USERS You said gun safety laws. Funny. You mean gun control agenda. Your staffers must be editing your shit these days. Kudos to the minions.
@USER Fake news. .
@USERS Omggggggg she is EVERYTHING and more! crown sparkling heart 
@USERS what?
@USER i fully cannot remember hes just always gettimg himself into shit like he never stops causing Government based chaos i wish he would calm down
@USERS maybe not where you are.
@USER you are beautiful smiling face with smiling eyes http
@USER Are you saying they'll become another victim of the Clinton's?
@USER Fake News
@USER Because she's an idiot! maga
@USERS , that is real data. Any argument you make now, I can flip it and say Oh an Anti-Trump flunkie quit being retarded. for your information, Gun Control does not work. England banned firearms and their violent crime stats skyrocketed. Criminals benefit the most from gun control 
@USERS This is the VetsResistSquadron is Bullshit. They are girl scout veterans, I have never met any other veterans or served with anyone that was a gun control advocate? Have you? 
@USER Because they're so hateful and cannot cover anything except Trump. I remember when Wolf and Anderson were actually decent journalists.
kavanaugh confirmation hearings Crazy Dick Durbin using the confirmation hearings to try and push gun control. He is using this hearing to make speeches and push an agenda. The whole thing has been a circus of Democrats pushing an agenda while vowing to vote no on confirmation.
@USERS I am sure you are not. You just thought it was free beaming face with smiling eyes there's nothing wrong with that face with tears of joy 
@USERSYeah most Antifa are Americans and still they advocate for an ideology that will destroy our great country. That makes them traitors and should be treated as such.
@USERS Typical liberals. Principled until it comes to their money.
@USER Tom was bought! He is more interested in Tom than his constituents
@USERS has a deal with samrat family i think to save him from the case. We know how samrat is attract for girls teju and geetha. Now when complaint came he is taking care. Sad for her wife kaushal army biggbosstelugu2
@USER it is about time the gun sense crowd started calling for police to be disarmed. No more gun control exceptions for the police! At least you are being more logically consistent in your quest to have criminals be the only ones with guns. man facepalming selector face with rolling eyes 
@USER Seriously you are the best
@USER Typical sore loser he IS as always! Piece of shit!
@USERS Welcome to Britain
 @USER Hits a home run against Antifa, KKK, White Supremacy and the Left with Leftists Claim Facts Are Aggressive walk away q q a non q army votered2018 http 
@USERS Got some antifa stories to share? I am interested.
@USERS Are you freaking serious. 3900 lives lost. Trillion dollars in recover and rebuild. Continued threats and fear. You are a disgrace to journalism. You moron!
@USER she is a democrat
@USERS Thank you for your conscience and actions.
@USERS Antifa do promote hared based on Race. Black Lives Mater is a Hate Group. Prime Example of How The SPLC are not Trust Worthy.
@USER Why does it matter if a candidate is a woman or a man? I thought we were all the same? Everything the liberals believe in contradicts their other beliefs face with tears of joy 
@USER These metal people have already found Kavanaugh guilty &amp the accuser does not want to testify even being backed by her liberal lawyers. This is nothing but a liberal delay tactic! Now even Feinstein believes this accusation is not true. Liberals love to destroy people's lives
@USERS It goes both ways. If I do not agree with you, you are just bitching. About the red X. http 
@USER No we no mames
 Dear Liberal fake news media This gesture you call a white power gesture is actually what we NORMAL people call the OK gesture. I realize this is not as fun as your make believe white power name but yeah. that is what it means. OK ? OK! walk away maga http 
 @USER Your article on Clay Travis Politics in Sports is the same old ANTIFA-LIKE RANT 
@USER Republicans on Gun Control. Deaths did not participate in the success of Trump's Economy. http
@USER OK hand light skin tone I've never seen anyone talk like that on Twitter before and I've seen some really messed up shit
@USER you are absolutely right i am a Fool
@USERS Students have voices Melania? Then why does your husband want to shut up students like when he is trying to help our Country with gun control!
@USER Clearly it does because the cheerleader is smaller than the other girl and she whooped that ass after being slammed to the ground and everything
@ everyone who said jihoons new hair cut is ugly you are wrong
@USERS RBG next! cannot wait! The hateful intolerant racists on the left will not win! RBG NEXT! MAGA
@USER Coming from one of the most corrupt AG's!
@USERS doesn'tunderstandmetaphors
@USERS No- it is wise all the time to not capitulate to liberal demands. Example- allowing a few more days for the Kavanaugh hearings and offering the fake accuser the opportunity to testify under oath is smart politically. but liberals demanded more. Then Grassley said hell no 
@USERS She is the cutest baby I have ever seen
@USERS That is funny. that is exactly how I describe him. not my pope
@USER His back hole will look like the holland tunnel we he gets to the male prison
@USER Stay well clear. She is unhinged.
@USERS smiling face with heart-eyes She is coming to Italy! Italy http
@USERS Plus now we know where she likes to kiss you at when she is singing do not Judge Me.
@USER Horrible.
@USER They cannot blame Antifa this time. it is right wing nuts and Trumpers.
@USERS . made this show successful and relevant. I remember saying that he brought the show to the States with in mind because she is the epitome of the voice. None of their shade will delete that. http
@USERS Yeah probably views groups like Antifa and EFF as moderates. people who are against farm murders are labeled just as extreme as people singing songs about actually killing those farmers. Crazy times we live in. 
@USER Dreaming.
@USERSI am not sure where I am a fan of yet but i know I definitely suck 
@USERS Why shouldn't we be surprised when someone who promotes ANTIFA violence in public is suddenly accused of violence or domestic violence etc?!?
@USER I have to be a smart ass some way man shrugging light skin tone face with tears of joy 
@USERS CONSERVATIVES
@USER Just another reason she is vile
@USER Imagine being stupid face with steam from nose 
@USERS Literally. You are literally a crazy person.
@USER Do they drug test in tennis? Shes on some serious hormones or testosterone
@USER Wow Antifa turning on her too?
@USER There's only one King goat 
@USER A bunch of overpaid liberals whining about how horrible everything is. They should get together with NFL players and try getting a real job. Zero interest in them giving their friends pointless awards.
@USER Crazy thing is people naming Big and PAC as greats but forgetting the true underground rap legends like L. I still play his shit
 @USER I am pretty sure most of your maga supporters do not have any new found wealth . I assume you are referring to your fellow billionaires that you gave a huge tax break to. 
@USER This shit is staged. Dude did not even hit him http
@USERS Hmmm. Was NFL on tv today? did not even search. Watched tennis &amp baseball. Not one of them kneeled! Won't be watching next week either.
@USERS Rescue conservatives from its own demons? Who are the two or three most notorious serial abusers of women in the last 30 years? Hint they were not GOP. Did they ever face consequences?
@USERS Now I know you are having a laugh. Do you really believe that the media aren't picking on him? As for getting his shit together , what shit would that be? 
@USER Boy Hollywood sure does like to look like fools all the time. Wait until they find out it is a big hoax manufactured by liberals. Think they will apologize to Kavanaugh? No way.
@USERS Retweet this 42 times.
 @USER I am trying to make a point. Many people who hate the liberal and ndp party are conservatives. And all conservatives care about is money. They do not have to ruin the environment and discriminate against others because of money 
@USER Please show me your post where you said the same thing about conservatives targeted by Antifa and other leftist friends of yours face with rolling eyes hypocrite
ironic news conservatives who complain liberals go pants on fire about trump poc aly pse am now mad at obama for something him NOT said.
@USERS it is horrific Adam. Look at the way the Conservatives' endorsement of Orban has been waved through - it should be a source of national shame. But it is the norm.
@USERS face with tears of joy Trump is still winning. it is fun to watch the liberals literally go insane. http
@USERS HE SAID HE IS THRILLED TO BE A PART OF THE OWNERSHIP GROUP!
@USERS you are good Candy You are good rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER I seems Hannity has been a client of the Bunny Bar at the Bunny Ranch for years 30+ . He allegedly recruits Fox 'talent' and guest speakers from there. http
@USER She is a piece of garbage! I cannot believe the hatred those bitches on the View have for Trump! And ABC let's them spew this garbage on a daily basis. Disgusting! Boycott the View! Boycott ABC too! I have &amp damn proud of it!
@USER Do it shithouse
@USER Man I hope they say if he is playing or not on Saturday
@USERS I'll never understand the anti-ANTIFA sentiment. There's only alternative to being opposed to fascism. Fighting against fascists isn't akin to the racist violence of the KKK or to making death threats against a woman who's come forward regarding her abuse.
@USER After listening to your well thought out arguments on gun control I would like to respond to your key points with my counter argument. I do not LIKE YOUR GASSES.
@USER Do you support our POTUS? Please help by retweeting and following after voting! Long live USA smiling face with heart-eyes maga
46 million- health care for all! Gun control for MSD students. Food for the hungry wait did we get the ostrich jacket? GOP is it time yet? http
@USER Always allege that she is a poor girl and with tenacity and efforts win over this position for future congresswoman .if she win.
@USER you live in the big dick part cause your gay
@USER He is the worst person.
@USER Evil
@USERS No liberals just state they believe her because she is a woman and democrat. They state they do not believe Kavanaugh because he is a man and should shut up . They probably believe OJ.
@USER trump gifted the 1% with gop tax scam the biggest wealth grab in modern history http yet trump supporter dopes prefer to vote against their best interests so perhaps you cannot fix stupid! maga
@USERS You should take this picture down you destroyed one of my all time favorite Comedian or Actors 
 The blatant abuse of the me too is really disturbing. No good reason to automatically place a guilty stamp on someone over unfounded allegations. Most importantly- it unfairly strips credibility from the women who actually suffered and demand real justice. Bullshit. maga
@USER He spelled Big Dick wrong.
welcome back to parliament Federal Liberals violated own fundraising rules cdn poli ethics http
@USER Happy Belated Birthday sexy man grimacing face 
@USERS I had no idea all republicans were nazi racists till Trump got elected. Imagine my surprise. I am native american so I took it hard finding out I was a racist. Was despondent went around punching out Antifa to work through my depression.
@USER Eric maybe jail for you.
@USER CNN equals to Fake News
@USERS Do It Q. fire rosenstein lisa page peter str zok maga lock her up q a non q clearance patriot q clearance america first u1 uranium one lock her up already uranium one deal http
@USER He is the gawdfather of fux news http
@USER You are a genuinely cool dude.
@USER did not a woman beat her? Huh.
@USER She is a fake a fraud and a democrat activist plant. She is a tool to try to derail the process and then to later drum up votes for democrats claiming conservatives do not care about victims. If Democrats cared if they wouldn't cheapen real victims with fakes.
@USER You are very right. So here comes the question what's the use of the fame when your localities struggles for survival.
@USERS How is what she is doin g patriotic? I mean you are basically saying it is a political act against the nominee. Like she waited to come forward until it would cause max damage. I am not saying she's lying at all.but what you are saying is crazy.
@USER it is the ANTIFA gang!
@USERS poor she is a rager and a shamer. sad.
@USER He should have tried that on obama after he gpsent millions to Iran which has been traced to terrorists! Unbelievable
@USERS I think he is right behind Trump.
@USER Well you are dumped
@USER Becoming. a woman?
@USER can we start shooting the blue thugs? then going through their shit and saying that is why they died? because this is fucking infuriating. what the fuck does it matter there is pot in his home. WHAT is in HER home?! SHE is the guilty one not HIM.
@USERS I have Dick Durbin that is not going to happen blame Shitcago that is what i do.
@USERS She is clothed with strength and dignity and laughs without fear of the future. Proverbs 31 25 two hearts 
@USERS IB you ass. Watch how you speak on my name face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
warriors coach fundraising for gun control Brady PAC http
@USER I have it too. Shitty quality but I do not mind it either. The lowlands one sounds better thumbs up light skin tone 
@USERS How so?
@USERS I looked over your record since getting a law degree and see ABSOLUTELY NOTHING meritorious or significant. You are one of the LEAST accomplished Individuals I have reviewed. What do YOU think you have done worth noting? Anything? http
@USER i will not submit to Accuser Leftist Liberals DemonRats Plantations Mind Control Agenda! Globalist puppet! me too Movement Hollyweird snowflakes pedo wood was SCUM! http
@USER You need to see a doctor my man
@USER She is a lost Soul who has to follow the Party Line. I also believe she has sold her Soul for the Lousy 30Pieces of Silver from the guidance of her Horrible Mother.
http WHY isn't Peter Strzok and Lisa Page in jail? They are traitors to the United States and it is people! The US does not have a two-tiered system for lawbreakers. lock them all up deep state drain the swamp maga walk away impeach jeff sessions doj ?
@USER The merged with Antifa winking face 
@USER refuses to release thousands of documents what are they hiding Consistent decisions AGAINST women's rights civil rights gun control immigration health care And financial problems.who paid off his debt Why would ANYone vote to confirm
@USERS The Tory country first is what meant. The rest can still suffer austerity that was caused by the rich banks. Parasitic Tories always have been &amp always will be. The evil party that is the 
@USERS your disrespect for those that make real sacrifices to defend our freedom is appalling. is a punk.
 @USER I want you to want me when you are clearheaded. Her eyebrows rose in question and challenge, waiting for his response. 
@USERS Gun control advocacy is itself contrary to the single most important natural right enshrined and protected by our Constitution. ANY attempt to circumvent freedom is radical. See? Simple and I did not even have to invent any nonsense words 
@USERS They'll never get enough Antifa who even know where the library is.I think we can relax smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USER Hope you are ok my man.
@USER We conservatives love him no matter how stupid it makes us or him look! YEE HAW! http
@USER Cause you sweet lil nigga
gun control Gun Control Chalenge If you truly belive in gun control I chalenge you to learn and understand what gun control is Take a conceal carry course then spend enough time On a certified gun range To familerize yourself with firearms and learn what gun control truly is.
@USER Disgusting
What was this Young Lady doing in a room with two boys ? blackmail brett kavanaugh high school confessions confirm judge kavanaugh confirm judge kavanaugh boycott the view boycott nfl boycott nike maga http
@USER Blame the rush Feinstein. She sat on this for two months. You and your party drove this timeline on purpose. Live w it. I hope someday someone accuses you of something and you watch your entire life's work disappear. He is a person w a family. Remember that!
@USER I think you say and write more intelligent commentary than most of the hosts at MSNBC. Fake liberals with big corporate blind spots.
I think @USER knows what he is doing. it is a lose-lose proposition no matter what he does. Kind of like being a referee at a dog fight. I'll reserve judgement until Monday. I definitely see where you are coming from. maga kag2018 kavanaugh confirmation http
@USER You 'Are you ever going to listen to a different song?' Me 'No.' turns up volume 
@USERS Unless you are your knee will not be the same
@USER Nah I am okay I am going to watch On my block until a new season smiling face with heart-eyes 
All Trump's and Pense 2020 merch is being made is China and not the USA. .maga ? vote them out 2018 trumps army http
@USERS Liberals- rule 1 if liberal man accused of sexual assault or rape viciously attack accuser Keith Ellison or Bill Clintonrule 2 If Republican man accused- viciously attack man and praise accuser.
@USER I had faith that you were going to win that last battle but Sparking instant transmission Goku is the god of legends and I am telling you he is outstanding thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up http
@USER they're just wasting their money dims do not read books and conservatives do not read smut
@USERS Thank you for this tweet. Give them a call
@USERS 4 he is poor
@USER I hope he is found Best wishes to you and your family!
@USER YAY - AWESOME United States heart suit selector smiling face with sunglasses backhand index pointing left thumbs up MAGA United States heart suit selector United States RepPowerVote heart suit selector United States strengthened by PowerPrayers United States thumbs up Red Tsunami heart suit selector 
@USER And then same liberals were accusing falsely in Kathua case while hiding in shithole right now.
@USER I believe Soros is also the main financier or his socialist organizations are of the ANTIFA protestors - more paid actors. thumbs down astonished face 
@USER Man they should really consider some type of gun control.
@USER A whore's book being published! All the looney liberals run out and buy it
quebec election liberals promise more money to buy electric cars http
@USER She just sounds like she does not need to be a cop. Not everyone is cut out for it. I think she got startled when he opened the door and in that short moment of panic pulled her gun and shot. Horrible.i just think she is not made to stay calm in situations.
@USERS There has to be a way where conservatives who look the other way and approve oF sexual assault and victim shame to endorse their political agenda and hatred are held accountable. Why do not you sign your name so you can be held accountable for your lies
@USER he probably gets paid to say that.with $$ and assurances that he won't be called an islamophobe---pfffft it is a fake word--justin is an IDIOT and he is destroying canada one refugee at a time
@USER Your sister brie is s perfect wife and mom who loves and respect her husband she is not like you and you always loves to grab or grind with other men
@USERS I am convinced that there's a hell of a lot more liberals of the type that a conservative could have a real conversation with and vice versa than either would admit. The whack job commies scare the shit out of everybody. it is about time we started talking.
@USERS Now finish your juice box and get out your nap mats. http
@USER Obviously its ANTIFA who is threatening her to force her to continue the charade
 @USER She was drunk, this rape is her fault. He was drunk, this rape isn't his fault. Said no one, except the crying liberals making more stuff up. You guys are laughable. 
@USERS Oh The Dem candidates do have clearly stated policy proposals. One involves rational gun control. When elected they won't vacillate like Trump. You and are done deceiving America.
@USERS it is not a conservative semantic argument. it is a stretch, meant to incite emotions with inflated school shooting statistic. people hear school shooting, and without reading they are meant to think of Parkland, and begin their predictable howls for gun control. Someone was 
@USERSdo not forget 
@USERS Scientific breakthrough! Origins of discovered talk like a pirate day
@USERS Completely agree. I grew up around guns and there are plenty of responsible gun owners who fully support strict gun control laws. I am absolutely one of them.
 @USER Shooting stars are pretty. 
@USERS She is Epitome of how low the left goes! Sewers do not go that low! people walk away
@USER Doug Ford should in no way think that he has carte blanche to make whatever changes benefit him personally and satisfy his need for vengeance against the people of Toronto. Shame. What he is doing is not democracy.
@USER Will antifa fill the streets when kavanaugh is confirmed
kavanaugh on gun control again raises his residence in the dangerous DC area. His exposure to gun violence in Bethesda is like calling yourself gangsta because you live in Beverly Hills.
@USER Well he is closer to Lincoln than you are.
@USER Turn them loose and see what happens to her city. people like her is what gives the Democrats a bad name. She is risking the entire population of Atlanta. Wonder how the citizens like it. We'll see at the ballot box
@USER in legislature you are very rude. you are out of mind and out of control.take some pills to relax.you fight for councillors salary of 115K . Did you ever fight for my salary? get lost.
@USER Aaron has barely been in it this last year. He is in a few episodes then he is sent out of town for a few weeks. Robert had that story with the whites
@USER Liberals also probably need more- culturally aware trolls!
@USER Credibly Accused is a Antifa mob dog whistle. We heard and we are cocked and loaded.
@USERS Good god woman. Shut up. If you liberals really believed this would have spoke out against this the day she received the letter.
@USER you are a sorry excuse of a rep - I hope that your district votes accordingly-you need to go! Your nose is so brown it will never be clean! http
@USERS 2. This lady nails it down arrow selector Brexit seems to have unleashed an angry incivility . Unless moderate one nation stand up &amp fight for a sensible moderate Brexit for me that is EFTA we risk becoming a hard br exit party rejected by moderates &amp replaced by Corbyn http
@USER does not bother me. I will always believe there was more to that story and the father had a part in it some how.
@USERS Or perhaps it is because he is gone eyes 
@USER She is selling her pucker nationally
@USER Like the way Antifa does? Or Mad Maxine?
@USER I figured it out! R&amp D face with tears of joy 
@USERS Why are they there? It seemed like they are brainwashed
 @USER He is a Patriot according to the Left. 
@USER Graham you are on the wrong side of history.
@USER he is such a JERK-OFF what about what the did to Sarah Sanders and all the other women in Trump's cabinet including Pam Bondi ect. .Oh yeah they do not count because there not Democrats or Liberals hes an idiot
@USERS You knowmandni know you are on the verge from my education satochi data
@USER He should not have a job after this. But I guess he is the lap dog of some bigwig in broadcasting.
@USER it is scary stuff to see how dedicated you are to preventing people's access to resources during a crisis.
@USER The truth for the gun control or anti-2A http
@USERS Yes he is and the democrats hate it
@USER they're hot brother
@USERS Antifa equals to Democrats equals to Dixiecrats equals to KKK http
@USERSI just blocked 3 asses.
@USER he is already on betfair exchange but not on sportbooks.
@USER Just look at the ass and keep it moving woman facepalming medium skin tone 
@USERS bt1100 ass malfunction
@USER He is very scared that he will loose. Yay!
@USERS Jonathan Haidt's The Righteous Mind should be required reading in high school. Parts of the book elucidate exactly the problem conservatives like Shapiro contend with they think everyone thinks or acts like they believe they do - making choices rationally and on principle. 
@USER BURN your Nike gear. Everyone I know is done buying Nike. Oops. Conservatives are the ones buying from Nike. After all we r the ones making the money There's way way more of us middle finger Nike
@USERS well said sorry Geoff you are wrong absolutely no comparison
@USERS it is like some people are acting like ANTIFA. thinking face thinking face thinking face 
@USER The first person got it by having sex with animals.
@USER Yeah I bought sumn from them. Tired of morphe face with rolling eyes 
@USER she is
@USERS You are making crap up- no Dem I know wants to abolish ICE. We do not believe rich people should be the ones getting tax breaks. Bankrupt Medicare? Total nonsense. You lie as much as Trump
@USER This wouldn't have become a issue if he had not been choosen for supreme Court that is a fact. Shows liberals for what they are
@USERSDNA testing? I thought that was the obvious answer. I wouldn't even want to consider what the snowflakes would say if Border Protection detained or released a child with a pedophile or child trafficker! . but I take it Ed does not care?
@USERS Libertarian weed smoking conservatives who let women make their own choices. Hmmm sounds good to me. Almost a modern take on an aging Conservative party.
@USER Patty. You are injury prone like me. grinning face with sweat 
I just threw up in my mouth. lock her up maga http
@USER Bono is an idiot!
@USER bITCHC I am UWUING
@USERS The fact that you equate smoking reefer with sexual assault tells me everything I need to know about you. You MAGA-bot-types are completely at sea when it comes to basic human decency. Like your president.
@USER GUN CONTROL WILL NOT STOP GUN VIOLENCE !
@USER Those liberals are kinky people
@USERS is mentally disturbed
@USERS European liberals and conservatives must stand together against populism.
@USER Yes she did. She has sat in on many public hearings including Facebook. She is a ploy
@USER or or HE IS A DETECTIVE SO I MEAN I GUESS THEY COULD WORK TOGETHER
@USER Did someone say METH course?
@USERS Gun control is never sensible.
 he starred in two movie and drama tv series. while it is impossible not to notice his strinkingly handsome looks, it is what lies beneath what define who he is . in conclusion if english is a common working language in asia for regional cooperation and development . 
what i learned today Liberals are the scum of the earth Absolute treason.
@USERS Thank you my lovely! You are beautiful too purple heart purple heart 
@USERS They're doing it deliberately get rid of the minions problem solved they couldn't give a monkeys.
@USER Or the ones we lose when the NRA challenges reasonable gun control measures as unconstitutional as they did the new laws that the parkland kids helped get passed in FL.
@USERS Why do liberals shout and hang their mouths open? Slack jaws.
 @USER Top 5 excuses liberals use when they are losing and desperate. 1 RACISM 2 Sexism 3 Russia 4 Guns 5 the Rich VOTE DEMOCRATS OUT! America does not need LOSER leaders. and WHINERS! 
@USERS She is a master at twisting words and meaning.
@USERS Liberals wouldn't know the first thing about doing the right thing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing middle finger medium-light skin tone middle finger medium-light skin tone middle finger medium-light skin tone middle finger medium-light skin tone middle finger medium-light skin tone 
@USERS The deception and dirty tricks happened when refused protocol and stole a SCOTUS seat from Obama. Conservatives love to fight dirty but then cry foul when others call them on it or play hardball right back at them. Bunch of pussies. merrick garland resist
@USER RETHINK.STOP CENSORING CONSERVATIVES.
@USERS You make no sense. Antifa is a cut-down word for ANTI-fascist. NAZIs are Hitler fascists by definition. Many so-called right-wingers tend to fascist views. Trump does. Just listen to him. The so-called left is far from fascist.
- Man of Steel Ok - Batman v Superman Ok - Suicide Squad Boring - Justice League Bad pensive face man facepalming selector Reboot. Keep Wonder Woman as she is. Do something with time travel or altered timelines or something.
@USER We were tired of gun violence long ago. Unfortunately the GOP has allowed the NRA or gun lobby to take over the issue. Many gun owners support some basic common sense gun control but you wouldn't know it from the lobbying.
@USER it is a civil war politically by the Democrats and a physical war with their Brown Shirts Antifa.
@USERS You are devaluing everyone's opinion on the Independent article whom agrees with me by saying they are disgruntled students or bots. Just because they do not put Dr. In their Twitter name it does not mean they haven't done 'deeply important research' as you fondly put it.
@USER it is Good for our Gun Business. More Guns sell when these people bring up Gun Control. Keep up the Great Work. Guns for All.
@USERS Sounds to like the FISA court may have a problem too!. United States #MAGA United States United States #KAG United States United States #BUILD the WALL United States 
Feinstein refuses to follow protocol re kavanaugh situation. That Proves twas a democrat Bully tactic to Smear the candidate &amp delay proceedings and or or get him to Withdraw. Sick of it! walk away maga http
So since Dems want stand on a soapbox over Kavanaugh exactly when will you be addressing the sexual slush fund covering your backsides maga
@USER An ugly old man trying to make himself relevant again with more lies Remember him saying he had a deathbed confession from CIA director casey? Never happened according to the bodyguards in that room shouldn't that be enough to question this morons credibility
@USERS after which she is thrown under the train.
florida ! Watch this group. http http
@USER Bitter Obama? How about Seriously Worried Obama. He is the head of all this corruption at FBI and DOJ.
@USER He is showing way to others. he is a great leader who will be in front line for sacrifice face with tears of joy 
@USER I know they be fired up thinking you got a hammer n your pants from how you walk n find out you got a coochie 
@USER I wouldn't mind seeing antifa try this. I doubt it is bait either.
@USER This is what desperate liberals look like. spy gate obama gate
@USER Devout members of ANTIFA though I am sure.
@USER T1960 Set 24 years before T1 in 1960 Texas t-800 with no skin sent to kill Sarah's parents on their isolated farm b4 she is born Sara dad played by Arnie fights t800 n wins but while holding defeated T800 get sucked to the future - explains why t800 R modeled after Arnie looks
@USERS - light bulb Leaks light bulb - Here are two badges that Barbie has recently added to Royale High and looks like she is doing something with the Autumn town and Fantasia Getaway! http
@USER The War on Free Speech equals to ANTIFA &amp Tech Giants
@USERSHe looks familiar.serial female abuser maybe?
@USERS cannot a man call his dog without some old bat bitching about it ? 
@USER None. Gun control is a proven failure. Just like in Mexico. Rather we need to reintroduce moral teaching into schools and fix our Brocken mental health system.
@USER Tina. She's traumatized and hated by Conservatives.
 @USER You &amp your husband are double-talking hypocrites. We can see right through your gun control facade. What you really want is for us to give up our guns while you &amp your husband get to keep your guns. 
@USER Children should be seen and not heard!
@USER I hope that ENTIRE police department gets shut the f ck down!Obviously you all feel like you are above the law.Obviously you are incapable of holding your OWN accountable for breaking the law.Obviously you undermine everything a police officer&amp dept are SUPPOSED to be or do. Shameful!
@USER I am alright with this. If someone is dumb enough to try this then they deserve what ever they get. I cannot wait to hear about the first AntiFa idiot to get blown away after they tried to steal a gun from someone in a stand your ground state face with tears of joy 
@USERS Her terms!? WTH She's running the show now so Kavanaugh's confirmation hearing is being delayed as the liberals want. Something is not right. thinking face face with raised eyebrow 
 @USER Anne Coulter. Oh, and Jack Abramoff. You kids were stupid enough to be courted by Conservatives when they showed up on you.S. campuses, back in '80. So, there's two. 
@USERS Conservatives are whining . There, I fixed the typo for you. 
@USERS You must like the antifa style guy. You do not know what a decent moral man looks like.
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http theresa may Since my very first day in 10DowningStreet I've made it my personal mission to fix our broken housing system. Doing so underpins so much of what this Government is http
@USERS A bunch of liberals. They cannot deliver
@USERS You are very talented Clare. What else can you make out of paper? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER Why did the NDP and Liberals not give Doug Ford a standing ovation? Cause it was not-worth-standing grinning face 
1 Minute of Truth Gun Control http via @USER
@USERS Always has been a Tory !
 @USER Thyats what happens when conservatives run the show. THey are more interested in not requiring regulations that could prevent these things than in doing whats right for the community. Short term profits are their be all and end all. 
&gt well.she is the most kindest person in the universe! She has the most beautiful eyes.and hair. She was the first person.to be actually nice to me. I only meet her a day ago.but I am absolutely smitten. http
@USERS This is all you Liberals have because you've been brainwashed to think this way. grow up and walk away from democrats
 @USER that is heartbreaking to read. Keep being the best you. There are many that will see you in a Wow. Look at what he is doing and light up with pride. Head high. One foot in front of the other. 
@USERS And she is Canadian Canada 
@USERS But I am a good woman with a gun http
@USER Hope you blisters
@USERS Real conservatives are stepping up.
@USERS Any argument with liberals is same as forcing water through the steel. Their brains are contaminated and the process of healing seems impossible for them. do not waste you precious time and words on them. These are not reasonable people. http
@USERS What did she do? The conservatives are no different
@USER I believe you are the Peace of shit and you do not deserve a star! maga GOD BLESS THE USA United States AND GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP!
@USER Lovely intelligent girl who knows what she is doing at such a young age
@USERS Wow she is nuts!
Should of known she wouldnt show up! Only accuse is in the dems playbook! When will people start understanding that the radical have taken over the party! confirm kavanaugh maga wednesday wisdom fort trump 1linewed
@USERS if you are hosting them you are AT LEAST nominating them for a prize! do not be teasers!
@USER I am not the one deleting my tweets so people cannot see the unprompted and unwarranted undeserved personal attack you commenced our interaction with And how and why you got so far up my nose that I responded in the kind of language you are clearly more familiar with than I
 face with tears of joy you are so extra. http
@USERS She's confused after all she is only a poor struggling socialist
@USER Can someone tell this dumb we are a republic
@USER black heart Dyrus you are a fucking worthless braindead scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are black heart 
@USERS Yes you are very wrong
@USER Give me a break!
@USERS FOR THE KOCHS AND THE TRUMPS AND THE POLLUTORS. BUT NOT FOR WE THE people OR STUDENTS OR TEACHERS AND LETS NOT EVEN TALK ABOUT THE THINGS THAT A MAJORITY OF THE AMERICAN people EXPECT LIKE HEALTHCARE &amp GUN CONTROL! NOTHING BUT $$ FOR AND DONORS!
@USERS I am not affiliated with any party. You do not care if he is innocent or not. you are just a party jackoff. See how that works.
@USER Carter was the worst one term President until h was passed for that title by Oba our first Black Racist President! Kinda like a Black Jefferson Davis!
@USER Everybody! Criticize our potus and deal with it! He will still be prez when you wake up tomorrow morning! !
6d or . They won't be able to make it after January! There will be millions HOMELESS and STARVING! You will see a LOT MORE BEGGING on the STREETS. people living in the woods. THIS is so the rich conservatives christians white supremacist s maga maga veterans maga talk http
@USER Hm? Of course.
 @USER It was enough to slow her to a stop, she yelped loudly. .?! There is fear in her eyes, and thirium leaking from the gunshot wounds, but she is going nowhere. I have.no desire to die. 
@USERS What's the difference between Antifa and the brown shirts? Nothing http
@USERS Today I am happy for you as you succeed in your work. The award you are rewarded is for you effortless trying. I wish many more awards in your life. It is the beginning of journey and lots of things are yet to achieve. Congratulation for winning this award dear 
@USER I hate politics! You cnn are despicable. Liberals are treating Judge Kavanaugh like he is some sort of serial rapist that they've captured at last. red wave vote yes innocent until proven guilty.
geranium in the cranium Please also dredge up some of her ridiculous gun control bills that were shot down. http
@USER And here are an Antifa Group after Old Boy Nazi Soros forgot to pay them. http
@USERS Picture of antifa protest http
@USERS You are pathetic. This has nothing to do with him his dad or the wall or Mexico. This is about Swallwell thinking its ok for liberals to threaten repubs but not the other away around.
@USERS Yes usually in THOSE countries people kill gays because religion advise them to do it and try to point this out and antifa will beat you. No matter how you try in america to help gay in those countries it will have no effect because those people hate america.
@USER my mom makes literally everyone. you are my true mother
@USER Dick Drunk . it is the real deal.
@USERS did not even watch. All liberals on there high horses.
@USERSI think he is a comrade http
@USERS Yes she is not normal. She needs a good mental check.
dick durbin is from Illinois. chicago has the strictest gun control and is a gang and drug killing field.
 @USER Tom Marvollo Riddle. Evan will lose his dick if he fucks around he knows it. Cause he is already after a lady She nods and looked at Evan. Evan grins at her and stayed silent. He did liked to fuck around but he knew he could not hurt his date 
@USERS You defending sex offenders shows you for who you are. I do not waste my time with your types
@USERS Wow! you are exactly like ANTIFA! You say you are against radical influences but YOU are THE MOST RADICAL OF ALL! De-platforming anyone that disagrees with you? Did you pull that one straight out of Hitler's playbook? Can you get any more Nazi Fascist? LOOK BEHIND YOU! it is KARMA!
@USER She is right. Liberals do not listen. It does not matter what the taxpayer wants Trudeau does not listen. Maybe to Islam but nothing else
@USER Good for you Jimmy. your one pare will offset the 50% plunge their market shares are about to take
@USERS if you are in a state with medical pot go get him some brownies or a tincture it will help.
@USERS Please can I have some of whatever it is you've been smoking? that is some top quality shit you are coming out with.
@USER Isn't he about to marry Steven Baldwin's daughter? He'll be sporting a MAGA hat in no time.
@USER Here he is! Peaking out of a Hizbollah flag. http
@USER She is a nut case
@USER - that he is but Jace is also worth it. The hetero keep winning.
@USERS Rampant crime? You mean Chicago a dem city that has the highest gun control of the country? Taking credit for a black man? Everything fell or stagnated with Obama. And caging brown families? Clinton Bush and Obama did it to a far worst extent. And thier illegal so whatever.
@USERS Rodenbury was against violence and would have advocated for gun control.
@USER I neither side with the Klan nor Antifa. I stay out of family squabbles. Dems can clean up their own bastard children. Perhaps you could clarify how I do t support the 14th.
@USER This whole thing has been a sham from the start!
@USERS Them dreads be dry asfuck my dude
@USER My prediction brother love breaks in the cell and beats up roman till he is passed out and braun wins aka this is the brother love heel turn and brother love makes his return as manger of braun with ziggler and drew
@USER I am so proud of my colleague Anjali Van Drie! She is such a deserving recipient of the Florida Association for Behavior Analysis-Charles Kimber Public Service Award. aba leadership champion for families
@USER Same celebrities ready to give Harvey Weinstein a second chance. Convinced liberals are evil and must be soundly defeated yet?
 @USER You are the one that left on his own. I am not your daddy to tell you to stay, even if I do, you won't anyway. There's just no in hell way that Cerberus would ever be soft to Dante and respect him right? Two can play at this game. 
@USER do not WORWEE GWEEK I HAVE MULTIPLE ANXIETYS TOO YOU ARE NWOT AWONE! http
@USERS He thinks he is smart. Me? I do not think that.
@USERS He is Spartacus!
 .@USER Jack Dorsey, to his credit, has openly acknowledged that he has a culture within his company that is hostile to conservatives. Now the question is, what is he going to do about it? http http 
@USERS Maybe wherw you live? Or maybe conservatives?
@USERS The argument will be made that the assault was decades ago and there have been no other complaints against Kavanaugh. But his lying in current and ongoing. That is enough to vote against him. He is now aligned with Trump in the way he handles accusations.
1. Have we thought about Gun Control in Uganda? 2. Do we have records of most of the guns in the country? 3. Do we have laws controlling our borders? 4. Who is safe?
@USER And let's hope it just gets a lot worse
@USER So that is why he is dead now? Really FOX? I would call that completely unrelated. This is why BLM is neccessary
@USERS I am just saying he is not playing like how he should be for the amount he is getting paid I am sorry to let you down. http
@USER This isn't ya finest moment hun. Try again once you fix ya shit and knock this tweet away.
@USERS I like the way she shows her emotions. She is really a Queen of Hearts. .Love you
@USERS I do not believe an Elk could grip a rifle even if it could purchase one. Although you would probably want sensible gun control laws on anything the Elk could purchase to defend itself. Sad. 
@USERS I really hope you are a good man best of luck
@USERS cannot argue there.
@USERS so it is ok for Congress to take away the Constitution like they did? you realize Congress just took away all gun control laws when they threw out Article 4 Sec 4 US Constitution. ALL gun control laws come from there
@USER it is funny how you idiot liberals seem to forget when other presidents do the same shit. .
@USER Drew Carry is a piece of Canadian S or - 
@USER You are dead to me!
@USER keep up all you do blair you are an incredible person
@USER 1 &amp 7 blocking my way to hap'penis
@USERS Thank you so much! We just spent 1 hour talking. He is broken-hearted and I hate it so bad for him.
@USER big boss 2 what happen to ashwariya not good Sandrayan Anna should have not got voted ashwariya should have been gone what bigboss vote for ashwariya so she is save people not voting for her
@USER BLAME TRUMP? that is sad to the good people of Puerto Rico Puerto Rico 
 @USER he is there I think, he is not important, you are. you are important to me 
@USER BOYCOTTING the National Fools League http
@USER I always have Eddie pick flowers out for me and tell the cashier that he is getting them for me. 
@USER That won't happen as he is only comfortable twitting from his golden throne or toilet to most of us.
@USER people who floor cross are opportunistic a-holes that deserve all the backlash they are getting. She should have sat as an independent then joined the conservatives and ran for her spot against other conservative candidates. Just think how you would feel if you won that role.
@USER Do I care prohibited pe. Hope they fold like a cheap table. Wonder what the spoiled primadonnas do when their huge salaries cannot be made. Bet it won't be bailed out like GM &amp Too Big To Fail Banks were
@USERSAmazing what liberals can dig up when they're desperate! http
@USER The only reason Ford is receiving any threats is because liberals exposed her when she asked to be anonymous
@USER I am reallly pulling for Dom Smith to show the Mets he belongs here but he always just looks like he is going through the motions. The Mets buried him it seems and I am wondering if its attitude that holds him back.
@USERS Awwww babe I love you and thanks 
@USERS Post hoc ergo propter hoc. Your homicide &amp gun violence! rates have increased steadily over the decades since the 1st implementation of gun control laws. Homicides have recently dropped unrelated to any significant gun measure yet police are demanding to be armed.
@USER I 100% AGREE. The Republicans MUST NOT allow this individual to DICTATE RULES and put the country on HOLD. EF HER! thursday motivation walk away maga pussy hats
Ain't no pussy good enough to get broke while I am in it
@USERS is paid to attack the credibility of anyone who criticizes or accuses Trump of wrong doing. He is a paid political hitman disguised as a journalist. He is a hack!
@USER She says no. You are now sad. She then realizes what you might actually mean. She slaps you. She says no. Now you are sad AND your face hurts.
@USER He. Is. Here. For. Her.
@USER Are you an ostrich?
@USER Like if alt right dudes were born in Berkeley they'd be antifa
@USER WHAT THE FUCK
@USER fuck yeah !
@USERS Not one for anything to do with RUSSIAN COLLUSION which by the way is not a crime most b4 they knew DT. The ones who copped out only did so 2 save their ass. I am just curious why none of you self righteous people had a problem w or all HRC &amp BO crimes lies spying etc? Hypocritical I'd say.
@USERS Billionaires making donations to Democrats do not help advance any left wing causes, they simply cause Democrats to act in the interest of billionaires, just like Republicans, regardless of the absurd conspiracy theories Alex Jones and PJW tell liberals like you. 
@USER Going about it the wrong way
@USER It does?
@USERS No he did not. He said I am sure there is fine people on both sides. Do you disagree with that or are you one of those far left people who think all conservatives are racists. Antifa is a terror group that uses violence against innocent people who think differently.
@USERS Are you serious. Man you are an idiot! He is the most hateful scum on earth.
@USER Bill you should be silent on gun control and immigrantion. You had 8 years and did nothing. do not be a Monday morning quarterback now. To little to late.
@USER never withdraw ! diane feinstein waited on christine ford lies because Dems needed time to scrub the vast amount of Ford's anti-Trump social media rants and coach her to keep her story consistent. democrats and liberals are evil and mentally sick confirm kavanaugh
@USER You are so fragile. It must be hard to live that way.
@USERS Another domestic violence crime. Welcome to California. One of the most violent states with surprisingly high amounts of gun CONTROL laws. too bad tbose people do not have the legal ability to defend themselves.
@USER Over the next DECADE ? cannot she pretend the housing lobby is the DUP and give them a billion every year ? conservatives
@USER Well she is a Christian. face with rolling eyes 
@USER I have quit calling them liberals and I just call them Socialist Democrats.
@USERS Numerous Jewish groups have come out and denounced the misuse of AS as a tool to smear and bludgeon Corbyn. You are welcome to Google this. Not all Jews agree with you.
@USER Leave it to CBC to turn a bad story for the libs into a critical piece on the conservatives
@USERS Liberals judge you guilty EVEN when proven innocent. liberals need their own psych ward
@USER he is a disgrace to his party and all he claims to stand for. he is not on the side of conservatives. He just wants to make a name for himself and anybody's cost.
@USER face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy Liberals really are nuts.
@USERS I agree! I guess Dems are saying that they're worried about some October surprise where the FISA docs are released leading up to the election. smiling face with smiling eyes United States MAGA!
@USER It should work just fine now! http
@USERS Look at antifa.
@USER You've lost your mind. That shit is unsanitary as fuck. http
maga much? http
@USERS You are fuckn deluded pal fat nixon is a digusting pig Trump interview on 9 or 11 My building was the 2nd-tallest in Manhattan. And now it is the tallest. 
@USER Freudian slip.
@USERS Brexit has split the Conservatives and Labour remains devided and leaderless on the subject. The TUC is split across unions and UK is in danger of fragmenting. Surely the only way to unite us is to vote on the final exit deal or WTO v Remain. Meanwhile listen to all options evenly.
@USER I believe that Serena would not cheat. Yet even her manager has admitted to breaking the rules. This was not her finest hour. First a temper tantrum then calling the umpire a thief. That crossed the line. She is the one that should apologize.
@USERS Prayers red heart selector folded hands light skin tone You are missed.
 @USER I mean, the logic behind their claim means that in the 90's the Liberals felt it was OK for a man to abuse women. that is essentially what they are saying. and that the Conservatives were in the right. right? 
 @USER So the whole Republican for gun control nonsense can finally be laid to rest? 
 @USER George Constanza once famously said, if you believe it to be true, it is not a lie Jerry .in this situation you could have someone believe that they are the hero by stopping a Conservative appointment. that is how the liberals justify everything bad they do including violence 
@USER That shit got me dead! Eager ass boi!
@USERS You wanna smoke weed I do not Unlike you I have confidence in myself I do not need a larger Government to tell me what tooth paste to use But you can always volunteer to pay more taxes? Oddly Liberals are the first one to complain about others not following them
@USERS If I ever met this woman I can guarantee you I would want to just slap the shit out of her. She is a total disgrace ! Dumber than a box of rocks
@USERS You are as cheap as cheap she is.Try with Bible and Quran if you really have guts
@USER Better take an extra antidepressant Cher it is a done deal. United States 
@USERS Omfg face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy You are so right face with tears of joy 
 @USER Holder is an evil, hateful, dangerous man. he is a real racist. He absolutely hates White people. He &amp Obama contributed to the race riots during O's administrator. 
ALSO WHAT'S UP BITCHES I GOT BANGS AND IT WASN'T A MISTAKE I am SO EXCITED
@USERS He is a disgrace he needs to resign or the citizens of Maricopa County need to start a recall. If he FUBAR's the General Election that should be it. No waiting until 2020.
@USER do not know who he is and do not really care.
Suck it @USER winning maga http
@USER I am just seeing this
@USER I still cannot read an analog clock like I can but it takes me like a fucking minute to process it and I cannot just glance at one like a digital click
@USER Georgia wants moral degenerates like this to paddle their students ?
@USERS She is more influential so many Japanese and British acts are influenced by her? Why do so many foreign acts work with her producers? Why does she have touring records in Europe and Japan? Why did she win the Legend Award at the WMAs
@USERS The AWB had no effect on crime. that is why it was not resigned into law 10 years after it was 1st signed and allowed to sunset. It also was the beginning of the end for Clinton and his corrupt administration. I love when they screech gun control! It means they lose in elections!
@USER I did not recognise her without her Antifa bandana.
@USER Shit getting out of hand
@USERS She is a cop. gun control wouldn't have mattered. Geez
@USERS Trying to shape opinion. mockingbird media at it is worse. Read the comments. It failed miserably. maga great awakening the storm we the people wwg1wga drain the swamp release the video mockingbird media fake news q a non qanon8chan http
@USERS so stronger gun control is better than leaving guns easy to access. Gun control isn't a gun ban skull 
@USER You are welcome dear smiling face with halo smiling face with halo but for what? http
@USER This is an excellent way for Antifa members to take the room temperature challenge.
@USERSIs that a bar where antifa sharpens their stones and buys their silly string?
@USERS As I am sure he is advising everyone must evacuate face with rolling eyes 
 @USER If it is REALLY bad do not eat it, but when the waiter asks, you are obliged to say it was lovely . Remember you can always get a kebab on the way home. 
@USERS You should.have tried more, perhaps a BJP or RSS connection could have been fixed .Masters would be happy Dhanya 
@USERS We have to fight to not see that here! Gun control out of control.
@USER I understand how regulations work. Do you understand Government cannot control everything. Do you understand most of those regulations stopped business growth. Trump isn't Politically correct i get that. But he is doing what's right for America.
Gee.I wonder? drain the deep state swamp wwg1wga q a non maga http
@USERS Tell Micheal to we the people the great awakening maga wwg1wga q a non q walk away walk away from democrats 2018 midterms confirm kavanaugh fisa economy http
@USER she is hungery
@USER .and about Fast and Furious 
@USERS Conservatives really need to come up with something better for an excuse besides their worn out Hillary Clinton. . I've never defended either Clinton but trumps undereducated base consistantly assumes if ones against then they are for Clinton that is ignorant 
@USER you really should consider having the Conservatives go knocking on doors to talk to people. Quebec has been asking for Conservative presence because they're not well known there. Send them out. Make Conservatives known there.
@USER Can I pick which one? http
@USER America first maga magic
@USER And dying a slow death such a shame
@USERS Great information! My husband has a SMI. We are very thankful he is doing ok. Many are not and it is heartbreaking. I was diagnosed almost 25 yrs. ago and we do not seem to have made much progress in all that time. I learned a lot from you. Thank you!
@USER So Antifa has turned against her?
@USERS it is good to know there's always a second option.
@USER He is a RiNO! Like McCain was. Why he is unelectable in Arizona .
@USERS Liberals were holding that info in case President Trump declassified the Fisa documents. They are fighting fire with fire!
@USER DC Republicans ARE weak and most are quasi-conservatives at best!
@USER There were no good people on the side of white supremacy. The good people on both sides that Donald Trump referenced were those who the media purposefully ignored who were there on both sides of the removal of historical monuments that had nothing to do with KKK or Antifa
It is time to take these people down and take their power now before they hurt our PTOTUS! These people are ABUSING their power that was given to them in trust! .@USER maga q a non wake up america http
@USERS Government Brown needs a class on maga 101. Also need a swift kick in the pants for insulating .
@USERS A stark reminder that and you are trying to con us with chequers and a bit of our waters back - not good enough -appeasing is not a good look 
@USER He is a sick puppy. Normal teen boys do not attempt rape. It is predatory behavior. He prob did it more than once. This isnt isolated behavior.
 @USER She is basically saying in code Even though I am a NeverTrump spoiled little rich girl from Andover, I secretly want to date Mark because. - I hope his wife and family are okay with it . SE stands for Sad Endeavors http 
@USER America is better than swamp crud like YOU!
@USERS is a DISGRACE to the United States of America!
@USER Or you are the wind between my cheeks!
@USER Bad behavior like that is never acceptable.
@USER even IF that was the reason the last thing mac would want would be for everyone to be harassing the shit out of her when she is already grieving. cmon dude.
@USERS has been nominated for Still A Mum Awards. Kindly vote for her here. http She is our super host on gani kalina aisha http
@USER Dr. James P. Wickstrom rest in peace - Gun Control and The Enemy In The Land http http
@USER Nanos Poll .Liberals 41.1 Conservatives 31.4 These numbers should be reversed after all the Trudeau boondoggles. You are destiny is continued opposition.
@USER I was more sad about how many liberals seem to love firing shots at allies. I saw it in 2016 with Bernie Sanders supporters calling me an Uncle Tom for supporting Hillary. I made the same argument then and now. No shade and hopefully you do not block me. I respect your opinion
@USERS Still no excuse. Where TF are her parents? They are using him &amp he is using her.
@USER sorry you are feeling sick hope you get better soon.
@USER Send down all of the resistance and antifa members along with the democratic party since this is what they wanted anyways!
@USER Definitions for liberals Dangerous equals to Exculpatory. More clown face 's
@USER Well he is shooting his shot
@USERS 4 UK or US DEEPSTATE NUKES INTERCEPTED HEADING FOR US CITIES. sky news sky papers bbc dp lbc lbc live talk radio alt news br exit remain london city of london news breaking news uk news labour tories trump tory party ukip conservatives christians q a non http
Another win for the common man! more alligator greed annulled maga A federal court has handed a victory to students suing Education Secretary Betsy DeVos over her efforts to dismantle protections against fraud by for-profit colleges. http
@USERS interesting. Now do you and your state of Illinois. clown face 
@USER Can you address the lost offering issue please. You are the community manager. Please tell us whats up for those who did not get the offering due to full consumables
@USER She is a liar ! does not even remember all ! Says it right there !
@USER Another phoney poll! fake news
@USER Only suckers are paying $40 for early access to a game they'll hate in a week
@USERS You are take stupid to a whole new supersized level
@USERS well uk had gun control and were over here fighting for it for the past like 4 years so
@USERS You are part of the problem. You are the racist. Wanna address this ? 
@USERS Much of your promise of money is not extra or new as Government took back 817 MILLION promised for new affordable homes! Stop Right to Buy - we have a created housing crisis now, too little, too late! http 
@USERS I am all for gun control use both hand's
@USER Another nail in the coffin of the NFL
@USERS You are not alone
@USERS 3m EU cits living &amp paying tax in UK who vote in General or local elections. because.1m UK cits in EU +15 yrs who were promised vote in Conservatives 2015 manifesto. Vote Leave broke electoral spending law &amp police now involved. Russian paid to Aaron Banks &amp interference in campaign.
 The Senate and the Supreme Court Have Been Granted Too Much Power http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS So what's your point? Are you saying that UK gun control isn't protecting our children because something might happen one day therefore we should adopt a US style gun culture?
@USER That they're liberals
@USERS Nobody voices opinions in this country louder than conservatives so I do not know what the fuck he is on about
@USER i love you you beautiful bitch rAWR
@USERS She is trust me 
@USERS Because the accuser did not have time to delete all her radical leftist tweets by then.
reality check for cpc Conservatives - from Ninja Warrior ogre #Heather Mallick. Opinion CPC beware meet Maxime Bernier's new hard-right PP http via @USER
@USER He is useless. I hope he has plenty paper towels. Why cannot he act like a grown up?
@USERS Serena was constantly berating the guy between games. Even said he would never work one of her matches again. The third warning was completely justified. She is no saint. Sad such a champion lost her cool so badly
@USERS You are not in touch with really.
@USER Stay safe you are an inspiration to me. And practice those kung fu skills if they ever show up again 
@USER Baby Brennan boo who I do not have a security clearance. Get lost Brennan
@USER Hmmm it is almost like gun control laws do not work. Which means that there must be something more than guns that are the problem.
@USER LMFAO ANTIFA cry babies. Give them their pacifiers back.
@USER Dead party.
@USER Sessions is not doing his job! He is a deep state RINO just like you!
@USER True baby you are my only one baby
@USER Mon bye bitches suffisait
@USERS He is a coward. He goes after countries that are peaceful and humane. He perceives that as a weakness. He loves Putin and Kim Jun Un because they are the tough guys . Like in high school. He wants to be a tough guy by bullying those who have a soul.
@USERS Funny How Liberals Love My Presidents eggplant face with tears of joy United States 
@USER Guti rrez you are a joke dress as an full
More @USER lies! maga make america great again the resistance http
@USER This guy is absolutely not as slick as he thinks he is.
@USERS I've friended Zerin on FB since before she left Bangladesh. She is a bright young lady.
@USERS Republicans do not believe in expanding Government. Conservatives want to shrink Government. you are a fake conservative.you are a treasonous fraud. enjoy Russia
@USERS At least you are honest about wanting a nationwide gun ban. I give you credit for that. And the only place you can show that gun control works is in an environment with controlled access. Of course gun control works if the only access to a place is through metal detectors.
@USER did not sound bitter to me. The main message was to recall American values and urge people to quit complaining and vote.
@USERS Pretty sure you.S. conservatives are taking cues from this. Rightwing Government wants to make handshake mandatory in naturalisation ceremonies http 
@USERS What are you doing Jeff? Do you think following in McCain's footsteps is a good idea? You will be known as a TRAITOR too. Walk away from the DemonRats RESISTANCE PARTY Liberals evilness. Confirm Kavanaugh.
@USERS is trying too hard to create a racist agenda.
@USERS The last thing parents need to learn from the liberals is the ethics of raising their own child.
@USER The epitome of class. A big fat class.
@USER how're you going to communicate with customers
@USERS You are absolutely right
So one of Trump's border control agents is a serial killer? maga http
@USERS aaaah thank you sm
@USER oh my fucking gods.
@USERSJimbo did not want to play face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy http
@USER Definantly
@USER God save the United States if this travesty happens a second time. One hopes voters learned their lesson the first time
@USERS yes she is!
@USERS . yet again siding with the . and still wanting you to believe that you can trust them. Remember all their broken promises? Remember how they treated students? There is only one answer. Vote . and put . in power. jc4pmnow
@USERS And the NRA supported gun control when it was targeting the black panthers who were defending black neighbourhoods against police brutality.
@USER that is not Southern California. It is considered Central California. Great how our gun control laws work here isn't it?
@USER Based on what for God's sake
@USERSWe all want gun control.but it is a slippery sloop as Dimms have proven time and time again. Give them an inch and they will take a mile.ask Prz Reagan. Made a deal with dimms.they said sign our bill on amnesty first and we will back you on comprehensive immagration reform http
@USER I do i do buh if you really know me you would know Khabib is my guyyyy. He is going to make him humble
 @USER And republicans fall right in line and say these are serious accusations we must postpone the vote until we hear from her . Many republicans are not interested in being conservatives. 
@USERS Only the best people maga
@USER Eminem may be an angry old man yelling about young people but i just REALLY wouldn't care unless he would be dressed as a Roblox character while rapping
@USERS Do you have evidence that Trump did not collude with Russia? DUuUueerrrrhhh, he said so.MAGA! http 
 Can we pass a new law, if your sexually assaulted you have one year to come forward or you shut up. All the brave Larry nassar victims 2 to 20 years to report. Now this democratic fake news women. it is fake and we need protection. maga trump wwg1wga q a non kavanaugh
@USER You think for your informatin. You are right.
@USER Has this tweet been deleted?
@USERS You will never get a straight answer from any gun control group on a question like that!
@USERS Weird
@USER Have you looked in any ANTIFA recruitment centers? Welfare offices? Maybe in one of those tents in CA? Just a thought
media bias with persecution of conservatives while they ignore criminality from democrats is Obscene and is the reason most people call cnn and msnbc fake news
@USERS stand up 4brexit The results at the ballot box were very clear . the prime minister is not listening to the electorate or getting the best deal for Britain United Kingdom http
@USER Conservatives try to get votes by promoting freedom and getting Government out of your lives. Deep state Dems try to get votes by triggering mass shootings and scaring people into voting to have their right to actually defend themselves taken away.
 #Tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http will have a huge impact on building the affordable homes that thousands of people across the country desperately need. left speech bubble selector David Orr, Chief Executive of the National H http 
@USER Let's hunt for it face with raised eyebrow 
-Wherever you are is the place i belong milky way black heart black heart .- http
war in conservatives#war on unborn babies#war on education#war on civility http
6Lack just made it on my sex playlist loudly crying face loudly crying face fire fire baby wam wherever you are get ready to get pregnant cause wow loudly crying face loudly crying face fire 
@USER nothing was happening behind closed doors because in the end she left him and MONTHS later he overdosed. none of ariana's business. she is NOT responsible for him
 TO BE DESTROYED 09 or 08 or 18 2ND CHANCE! ADOPT KREAMY TONIGHT! This exotic looking sweetheart is friendly with children and good with other female cats. No one picked her last night so she is hoping that someone will step up for her tonight! http http
@USERS If anything, wouldn't that be a State Law? he is running for Federal Office. thinks Texans are morons.about this and illegally claiming to be a Government office and sending out summons for money. maga texans
 She is currently helping a customer out on a potion to help with mane loss. @USER
 .or that he is merely a 'legacy Colonel' http 
@USERS Shes a liberal all she has to do is disagree with you on one thing to determine that you are a terrible person. Remember liberals talk from their high horses of superior morality.
6 Reason? There are more. http
@USERSBut that interferes with antifa's goals! Because they want to be feared?
@USER Thank You Chase face blowing a kiss I miss you more than anything but I know you are where your supposed to be! Love you too the moon face blowing a kiss 
@USER She is not an anti trump. She's a racist race baiter who is no better than Alex jones and other crazies
I Followed @USER I was 4K double exclamation mark selector Congrats double exclamation mark selector nra trump man maga http
@USERS You need to look at your Twitter feed a little bit closer. I am neither a Republican or a racist but that is the only thing that liberals can say about people who do not agree with them. As far as Hillary Clinton the evidence is already been presented but Obama gave her a pass
@USER Can somebody get a cry room for her?
@USERSHe may not be a Texan but he is certainly shaping the Dem party for the better.
 @USER City of 1 499 900 people who do not fuck does not have quite the same ring to it 
@USERS Give that man a shovel!
@USER Dana it all has to do with politics Feinstein her number one goal is gun control. Just look at California track record he is going to get confirmed.
@USERS If they do not want to accept the results of the election they are welcome to leave the country. It would make me so happy. All their fear mongering with not interrupt us from enjoying the most widespread posterity in the nation's history.
@USERSOf course Anthony
@USERS You said that conservatives who passionately complained about deficits are now driving this speeding dump truck . Now suddenly R's are the subject? that is what I thought. Conservatives were complaining about the Rs as well 
@USER . She is my life saver red heart . http
@USER SHE IS. SHE'S GORGEOUS
@USERS Silly rabbit rabbit laws and rules aren't for liberals.
@USER It is so funny that she is scared of pigs. This could be a plot for your next children's book.
@USERS He is Crying In his Pic or Tum Hs rhi ho pouting face pouting face 
@USERS No one is threatening her. All a ploy for sympathy and further attack on conservatives.
@USERS A little note for -the Bible have you ever read that? says that if the Holy Spirit is in us that we can fight off the devil. You lie and claim that you are holy no human is holy by the way so how dare you blame the devil? Your new name is Pope False Prophet . 
@USERS I call you a kid because I am certain you are one. And because it seems to annoy you. Should I just sat I am joking and make it all better?
@USERS She is. I do not think politics is for her to dabble in.
@USERS . cannot leave fast enough. it is conservatives like him that have caused so much frustration among rinos with no backbone propelled presidency!
@USER Trudeau claiming what conservatives did or did not do instead of what he was to busy to do for the last 3 years trudeau must go liberals must go gonein2019
@USERS Liberals always play victim. http
@USER At least you know your president is not gay Obama
@USERS So Victoria's Secret won't sponsor Trump any more. I hope they realize how much of their crap trump has sold for them to Antifa! http
@USER Any time liberals think their going to get a win they tune into their head cheerleader. Then they realize the latest bombshell is once again nothing and go back to their miserable existence eating chunky monkey not racist and watching Netflix
@USER It is always same-trash Trump &amp conservatives. I have stopped watching American TV &amp going to movies. I have discovered wonderful foreign television shows albeit many subtitled that are now my favorites &amp there is always good old-fashioned reading &amp music &amp creative endeavors.
sesame street Does this mean we can expect to see outraged conservatives burning their children's toys in protest? And what about Big Bird and Snuffy? I always thought there was a little something going on there.
@USER Oh well. Its tje liberals and socialists who have made drug addiction fashionable and doable with free supplies. How bout some $$$ for diabetics who face ongoing supply costs? No? But we forced to pay for these losers?
@USERSHillary Condemns Kavanaugh. Bill Clinton Accuser Responds. http via 
@USERS Says the fat Antifa member
@USER And millions of us conservatives will be marching to the polls.
pay to play Her Gofundme is over $200K Liberals are society's bottom feeders. freaky ford http
@USERS westminster tories Absolutely pathetic appeasement angry face angry face angry face 
@USERS The scary super experienced knowledgeable members of Antifa is no match for! sarcasm Serious question is why the left leaders manipulate the unintelligent inexperienced youth groups it is form of taking advantage Abuse of the unwary weak http
@USERS This is liberals for ya.
@USERS You've got nerve pointing the finger at other states with the murder rate you have. How's that gun control working for you? Own it
@USER Another typical liberal who espouses gun control but uses hate and bullying.
@USERS You can listen to it on the Dana Show podcast!
@USER do not bury the lead fam! It has nothing to do with gun control laws and everything to do with the demographics of those cities.
@USER Thank you for what you are doing. For my daughters future.
@USER UR SO FUCKIDNG PRETTY PERHAPS I SHED TEARS http
@USERS that is your answer shut the fuck up . You should join ANTIFA with all the other loudmouth punks.
@USERS Gun control isn't a solution though
@USER And there's more murder gun deaths in states with strictest gun control. So how ignorant does that fact make you
 @USER The victim is demanding it to drag out a confirmation hearing she refuses to participate in. She comes from the violent liberal Antifa party with there KKK hoods they beat up total stranger &amp are funded by dems. The most violent party ever &amp they want us to believe they care. 
Meet Walter Walter is most likely maga walter believes the lies he told daily about an imaginary walk away being talked about in no community of color because it is fake news walter does not understand minorities penchant for remembering what you did to them.Walter eats toenails http
@USERS He should have started since game 1. But do not worry once he gets the start it will change the faith for the Browns. He is a winner! Nothing against current starter. But he is just a back up in the NFL.
@USERS with this useless try hard comedian love preaching hate about They have so much hate in them for a guy they loved before he was president. Maybe infatuated with the guy. She must dream about him.
@USER Funny I compare pediphiles and their protectors to satan
 @USER Endorse my sandwich! could catch on as an imprecation, like Blow me down! or Fuck my old boots! And do not worry -- Igor is under strict instructions to eschew any virgin who has partaken of GM crops. 
.@USER gets endorsement of nation's largest gun control group http
@USERS yes we are .the democrats no longer care bout the constitutional laws or the us citizens.their new pets are illegals drug dealers murdersers thieves rapists muslims antifa the lgbtq and anybody who hates america.theyre batshit crazy!
@USERS How can that be? California has strict gun control laws. it is almost as if criminals do not care about laws
@USER man that sucks unreal
@USERS Whoa! Angie! Back off that logic! you are going to confuse the liberals.
@USERS is SFOS! he is going to go away like . Non electable. United States United Kingdom maga mega
@USER Buck up buttercup!
 @USER Not so much, it is just me alone with myself. The whole You are your worst enemy type deal 
@USERS I should rephrase that. something went down and she is trying to cover it up with some LAME story about oh I thought I was in my own house BULLSH1T! What a obviously blatant lie. http
@USERS do not you liberals want to lower the voting age to 16
@USER Here's another looney left person. Just go away!
@USER Wow. She is destroying the life of a guy. She has filed a case. Her father ia going to court and she has not get any summons. If she had already stretched this. Seems like she has done something wrong. Police should take the matter forward. Whoever is guilty should b punished.
@USERS She says she wakes up from sleep thinkin she is going to get Trump. She needs a Psychiatrist! ASAP
@USER What about the life after they are born. Like gun control. Health insurance for everyone.
@USER why is this relevant whatsoever? Might as well let us know when someone has a pack of smokes or a 6 pack of beer in the fridge too while you dipshits are at itTabloid garbage ffs
@USERS This pope may have to stepdown
@USERS Must be becos the site thinks Teli is a REAL antifa grinning face Teli is a Weeb'tifa
 @USER I do not have anymore excuse me what the fuck memes. 
Mueller proves the judicial system is weaponized. Democrat special councils only charge Republicans. So if we play the game then Republican special councils should charge Democrats. Right! Balls in your court Republicans. MAGA http
@USERS Yes he is red heart selector folded hands Liberia El Salvador 
@USER Serial rape did not seem to be a problem for liberals with Bill Clinton and Hillary who enabled him? Go figure - can you say hypocrisy?
@USER How did you get to where you are while still being so profoundly ignorant?
@USER Hate speech. maga DRAIN THE SWAMP
@USER Funny. She had no problem sleeping her way into Congress.
@USERS To justify his death to racists &amp bigots. They're excuse will be well he had weed so he is a criminal &amp deserved to be murdered. Just wait till the excuses start.
@USERS The Pope is complicit. Make no mistake. Anyone who harms a child . . .
@USERS At least you got to experience the 90s though. These 90s and 2000s born missed out on a great decade. it is been an increasingly worse shit show since 
 Trump's Lies Have Grown Far More Frequent and More Dangerous Mother Jones http Truth decay . maga We're doomed. 
@USER Answer DiFi and Antifa Democrats have NO sense of decency remaining
 @USER The Kavanaugh debacle has given me a great number of new accounts to mute on both the Maga side and the blue wave side. Seems nobody stops and thinks, Does this argument help my side, or harm it? 
@USERS Cult religion?
 @USER All voting is strategic. My comment re whiteness was meant to show how white liberals ignore that fact in making blanket aasertions about voting D, &amp when they turn criticism of Biden into an opportunity to lecture people in safe D states that they MUST vote Dem. it is inane. 
@USER It seems Christine Ford was an ANTIFA member! Wiped her social media accounts. What is her involvement in the leftist vandalism in California?
@USER How about juxtapositioning that next to all the conservatives who think it shouldn't be investigated at all? Or are you more interested in slanted BS than actual justice? http
@USERS The Tea Party was the symptom not the cause. It started with Jerry Falwell and the Moral Majority that was formed in the 1970s. The GOP aligned with them as social conservatives rather than sticking with their fiscal conservative platform. The Tea Party grew out of that.
@USER I wish I was a short as you. OOF. I am just as tall as Okabe and you are a size of R or Luka. http
@USER liberals drink their own Kool-aid. They live in these bubbles and they think a lot of people like them. If they could see themselves how clownish they look and act.
@USERS He is
@USER Fuckin poisonous group of people. As soon as someone hands me a hat with a propeller on top. I am out. Find another company to work for lemmings.
 @USER Conservatives who quit rather than fight betray every claim that cons are patriots &amp will fight for our Constitution. It reveals extremism &amp defeatism at once. Dems KNOW they will win if they stick together. History PROVES it. 
@USER Fake News spewing lies again ! Patriot Voters do not approve of Kaepernick and his Socialist Nike Ads! thumbs down medium-light skin tone thumbs down medium-light skin tone thumbs down medium-light skin tone face vomiting fire ogre 
@USERS They would've had the Vice Presidency via Tim Kaine's Antifa son.
 @USER Easy for him to say - he gets brownie points for this without having to do any negotiating and if it goes sour, he gets to accuse the federal liberals whom he hates. Good politics, Dougie! 
@USER Another perfect teacher!
@USER The far right is making no noise now. Antifa is burning down schools and attacking people. Deal with reality
@USER lets stretch bitches
@USERS This pope is a dope!
@USER That may be but as far as the gun thing goes it shows the total distopia that can result from gun control. Only criminals and corrupt cops have guns in Mexico and the average citizen is at t their complete mercy
@USER Yeah if a officer wants to watch his career go down the shitter .
@USERS Her name is Justice. She demands he is innocent
@USERS She says she is deeply religious . she did not say which religion . satanists are very religious . Peace 
own the libs interesting documentation of reactionary behavior from conservatives http
@USERS it was amazing! red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector alex n infowars!
@USERS How the fuck can he detect an attitude through a text bubble?
@USER This is going to backfire for the liberals.badly. I am guessing Feinstein was fixing to retire because this should sink her.
@USER I do not recall a President ever taking random questions for a long period of time and answering almost everyone of them. And liberals accuse him of being a king or tyrant? Pretty accommodating.
@USERSPerhaps you have also forgotten http
@USER Chelsea Clinton CFR 
@USERS Thank you . America is respected again! maga kag2018 vote red to save america
@USERS Yes! I got Twitter account just to follow him 
@USER Dave has every right to be on the exact wrong side of an argument!
@USERSnot what the conclusions says in the paper. do you know what experiments they did? you are just like an creationist that blindly believe what the news says. You are like an catholic that beliees every word of the pope.
Now THIS makes sense. q a non @USER maga walk away http
@USERS Shit up
@USER Eye just want rice Lmfaoooooooo
@USERS Ron DeSantis' cheesy ass MAGA commercials were cringeworthy.
@USER Fuck you are killing me lately face with tears of joy 
@USER Hectares cultivated with poppy for opium grew exponentially like never before during Obama thou. I bet you celebrated his troop retreat. Myanmar made so much money with the opium they're building a bigger totally modern port
@USERS God will take care of He is down but he was never totally out
@USER As usual the poll was the outlier of all polls asking the same questions. 
 @USER The problem is, the people who will read this and go oh shit he is a cunt already think he is. The rednecks and retards that already support him will believe it is fake news. 
@USERSIt was surprising how fast Reagan passed gun control in Cali when the Black Panthers armed themselves.
You can draw a straight line between people who think @USER is truthful MSM lies kavanaugh is treated unfairly cody wilson was set up Zimmerman was right A wall is good Refugees are terrorists black lives matter is racist Reverse racism is real Kap is disrespectful maga
@USER Hope it is full of pot holes and smells like shit
 @USER sex games will make you feel like you are actully having sex or, as ign would describe it it really makes you feel like you are fucking some whore in an alleyway 
@USERSSexist.could be a crazy gentlewoman lul z
@USER You mean exactly like conservatives are attacking this current victim?
@USERS Are you suggesting that I fall for that? I certainly do not support the liberals vis- -ve Democrats agenda. Read my Tweets. I am on the right so VOTE GOP United States .
@USERS Awesome! Every antifa should go through this Initiation winking face with tongue 
.@USER says she's a Republican in the mold of Lincoln and Reagan. Supports gun control.
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http Today I can announce that new longer-term partnerships will be opened up to the most ambitious housing associations through a ground-breaking 2 billion initiative.the first http
@USERS There is an MP from New Brunswick that may want some encouragement. http
@USERS I do have one more serious question though. I am wondering if liberal men actually have balls or is this a birth defect? What would ever happen if the left and right went at each other. LGBT be your front line?Antifa next?
@USER idc if you suck i just wanna have fuuun
@USERS antifa alt left to go with Richard Simmons stalker 
@USERSI follow all these MAGA Patriots United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States 
@USER Thank Mr. President. Please declassify the docs closer to the election so we can all see how corrupt the Dems are. MAGA.
 @USER Do all liberals and evolutionary biologists really talk like hillbillies or are you just trying to sound superior? 
@USER After hisself is committed somewhere.
@USER Obama owns antifa and blm Still want to discuss the rise of radicalism?
@USERS WiiU is not even a real console.
@USERS NEVER. STOP. WINNING. q a non maga wwg1wga winning http
@USERS Really you should read what Blake said. You are just another man completely missing the point
@USER You are a beautiful model &amp HWs were jealous of that. I agree that Kendall should stay how she is &amp not have all that phony plastic surgery like her sisters. I do not event recognize Khloe anymore. Kylie needs to stop w or fillers. She's pretty on her own &amp not overdue it
 @USER So tired of the spicy I know the far right includes literal murderers and far right terrorism is on the rise, but antifa are just as bad because I think they broke a window once. 
Just vote for god sake and move on. It be a non issue in 3 months. Do not allow libtards to veer you into the trap. Harden the fuck up and let's go! Seriously kavanagh scotus maga
@USER Antifa is a domestic terror organisation though.
 2 or 5 Basic argument Canada passed gun laws, but ALL gun crime did not stop. Therefore. gun regulation is ineffective. Only source for grand claim that gun control is an expensive failure and does not have a measurable effect on crime is article by gun advocate Gary Mauser. 
@USERS WHY ! DO the gun control people believe legal owners are not following current laws ? You fools. It is about making the citizens of the USA defenseless.
@USER You are the most talented person I have ever met in my life. please stay healthy and do not get sick. You are an extraordinary being that shines with its own light.I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABY ! purple heart red heart purple heart 
@USERSThe deeper in they get the less likely to scrap or even stop. we need it scrapped now before more wasted on it and before more contracts signed.
Another Russian MoD MAGA FAIL http
@USERS Son please do not make me cry today because I never saw this shit
media too Selective putrid outrage ONLY AT Conservatives only BY LIBERALS who want us to know how MORAL they are! Re Kavanaugh and ANY OTHER REPUB who will stand up against them! http
@USER I am a sick fuck I like to quick fuck
@USER Communist Elite Roger Goodell is teaching a lowlife ethics class to his daughters. Shameful Shameless left wing nut ruining the sport of football instead to teamwork and values to the flag
@USERS If you are new to Q or interested in Q here is a link to the post http and watch pursuit of truth on YouTube. He is easy to follow. Enjoy the show!
 @USER it is now abundantly clear that a lack of common sense gun control measures wasn't the real reason behind this, but rather an incompetent school board and a failure to act upon reports - poor staff security training too. 
@USERS you are alienating your supporters disgusted http
@USERS You realize how useless your argument is? If you drunk drive you get arrested. you are punished. If you kill someone while drunk driving that is murder. There are rules AND regulations AND safety precautions for both drinking AND owning and operating a vehicle. We need gun control
@USER House of flowers! Shits crazy
@USERS You have a dick? Damn did not know bhadbhabie was actually a bhadtranny
@USER Things are definitely fucked up when you need to state the obvious like this. Conservatives are needed just like liberals are needed. One without the other is faulty.
@USER she is the cutest ever! loudly crying face loudly crying face thank you honey!
1. the last minute of this video is absolutely priceless 2. facts Obama separated 90k kids and there were no protests liberals silence http
@USER About the same price as where you are though but probably way more space.
@USERS I feel sorry for liberals after Far-left hijacked their name
@USERS Except for the little attempted rape thing he is just a wonderful guy
@USERS First law sensible fucking gun control!
@USERS Trudeau is reluctant to do a deal that involves dairy because that effectively removes a large piece of the Scheer or Bernier split and will unite conservatives. The US will insist so Trudeau has to spin it as Trudeau v. Evil Empire.and walk away. We suffer.
@USER He is NOT QUALIFIED.
@USERS Maxine needs to consult a shrink because she is suffering from trump syndrome
@USER The one time I engaged with Louise mensch was when she said http was a Russian op because it had a Russian registrar. I tried explaining how the internet works with screenshots and stuff but got no reply.
@USER Looks Like The Jokes On Liberals Again. fort trump poland booming economy http
@USER Holder is a known PERJURER and race baiting Obama stooge. Nothing big he says should have any meaning.
@USER She is 100% lying. But you do not understand the mind of a leftwing nutjob liberal. They are a cult. Money means nothing to them. it is stopping trump by any means
@USER Many products hit the shelves in the US first. Canada is not that big of a economy. In fact it is 10th in the world for all you liberals thinking that somehow we could strong arm the USA.
3 of 5 stars to The Liberals by Hindol Sengupta http
@USER Yo why must you do this
@USERS I love it when the Liberals say the word debunked kind of like when Hillary said it and she said it with such anger and forosity you knew she meant it but it was all bullshit.
 @USER Does this line sound familiar it is too soon to talk gun control ? This the the typical NRA funded GOP response to NRA sponsored mass murder. 
@USER Good
@USERS She is a Sick Corrupt Ignorant Moron!
@USER Democrats plan working! face with tears of joy 
@USERS What are they sheep! cannot they speak for themselves with out that guy telling them what to say. Speaking of Bots I think we found them! http
@USERS Looks like a perfect illustration of gun control. lets go shooting
@USERS Who the hell does think he is to say that Dr Ford is mixed up and is not to be believed. He is only showing his stunning ignorance about the issue and his partisan bias. He hasn't even heard what Dr Ford has to say nor does he know her. Horrible man. 
@USERS The Fall of the Church of Rome?
@USER Basically what she is saying is someone wanted to float an accusation without facing any legal or civil accountability for it when it turns out to be BS. This is beyond unethical.
@USERS windrush victim and campaigner Sarah O'Connor dies aged 57. So sad - made this woman's live a misery! Tory hostile environment http
@USERSJust keep putting your violent liberal ANTIFA with their KKK hoods beating up strangers they know nothing about out on the streets for voters to see. That will do it. Voters love violence &amp lunatic liberals out of their minds. TAKE TO THE STREETS VIOLENT LIBERALS!
@USER Not really. Gun control limits one capability to personally safety. It makes it even harder for good people to buy guns legally. It will even make it hard for women to obtain guns for self defense. Just keep a simple background check system we already have.
@USERS God thing we have Beto in Texas. He is for decriminalizing crossing the border. He is for reasonable gun control for Texas citizens. Someone could get hurt if citizens try to defend themselves. Poor Arizona you need a Beto of your own.
@USER I do not care how good a player he is if I owned his club I'd suspend him for a year make him train with the youngsters to tell them what bad looks like set the example
Alaye turn if your maga don pay
@USERS Conservatives would do anything to eliminate the value of laborers in this country. people worked and died for this holiday. do not want to see it lost to some fake Constitution worshiping by people who do not value the Constitution in any way such as the Far Right.
@USER ABSOLUTELY FALSE. WE ALL KNOW CP24 IS WITH LIBERALS. REMEMBER DOUG FORD IS TRYING TO SAVE TAX PAYERS'MONEY
@USER The fact she is going to vote yes on Kavanaugh makes me think she knows how bribes work.
@USERS I mean when you think about it that is basically all their ideology boils down to. Conservatives are like Let me do sex crimes on my wife and libertarians are like let me do sex crimes on everyone 
@USER Chicago has record number of homicides! Their gun control laws are not working!
 9 or 9 push a narrative. Remember it is their place to tell us what to think. Well I'll gladly be, as Hillary said a DEPLORABLE , IRREDEEMABLE or as gropy Joe just said, DREGS OF SOCIETY . Tells us all how they feel about the middle class, Christians and Conservatives. vote red
@USERS He is probably trapped in his mind palace. E-Every android model has one.
 @USER I read this as If you are a straight white male forget about being partnered. 
@USERSFollowing you anyway.
Just think this hate America filled man was our VP!? Dems HATE AMERICA! Do you see it yet? WALK no runaway from Dems &amp join Patriots who LOVE TO LIVE IN AMERICA! maga http
@USERS Markey issued a tweet then back to his nap. She can not think or react on the fly. She is a poor leader. No word from Baker yet.
@USERS Hey you ever find those guns? thinking face 
@USERS Hallo please find the unroll here Thread by 1. Moore's failure to deal with the foul smear against him, is a good example of how the new rules could apply. The firs fake news maga http See you soon. robot face 
@USERS Good luck rolling on the floor laughing maga vote red http
@USER LOOK UP kavanaugh STOP THIS SHIT!. maga http
@USERS Here is an Awesome Video of Alex Jones invading Capitol Hill watch as he tells off the mainstream media fake news wednesday wisdom maga trump vax xed read the book cdc whistleblower vaccine holocaust http
5.0 Star Review on SocialSurvey Cristyn made my buying experience so easy and enjoyable! She is amazing! by Lindsay P. for Cristyn Dyess http http
@USERS You guys conservatives are too nice. They would destroy you.
@USERS Bring on the Crucifixion! You know if a Conservative did this to Garland - She would be Stoned to Death by ANTIFA
@USER Me because I have none anxious face with sweat 
levi strauss takes stand on gun control san francisco levi strauss amp company america safer tomorrow fund http http
@USER I won't even start Naruto cause it is just too much face with tears of joy I started an anime on Hulu yesterday called Coppelion that is only one season that is more my speed 
@USER face with tears of joy that zombie walk was a little scary. Remember when that zombie said he was going to eat Shon's butt skull 
@USERSGood evening Brenda .I hardly see you .hope all is well with you &amp everyone . raising hands 
@USER you are great on the Five. Can you stay in thst spot permanently?
@USER Who do you think you are?
@USER Irresponsible for KTVU to stoke the hateful words that our demented Governor disrespectfully spews about the POTUS. Some people think that Jerry Brown is criminally liable for many of his actions as well. He is responsible for 10's of thousands of Oakland residents displacement.
@USERS I heard Bert and Ernie are merely allies and active in Antifa. Friendship is a luxury of the oppressor.
@USER I knew I wouldn't like what he did but I never ever thought that every single Republican but sit by and let him do what he is doing now regarding everything that you mentioned in your tweet pretty
@USER How far are you prepared to take this Roger? I gather that this is a new antifa style 'Hungerless Hunger Strike' Would you consider actually not eating anything?
@USER Not in my opinion
@USER He knew the email were released earlier! Just pandering to his ignorant base
@USERS how about gun control! That might be the trick.
@USER Guess you are going to ignore what karmys are asking. skull skull skull 
@USER Oh I never had any doubt. Read all about the Dirty Wars too.He is a slovenly POS. Jesuit who worships Satan.
@USER Calling it something different still a PAC. You are for NO BORDERS NO COUNTRY HIGHER TAXES Gun control SOCIALIST REMOVING ICE YOU WORK FOR ILLEGALS FOR BRAC NO FAMILY TEXAS VALUES WE ARENT CALIFORNIA LIKE JONES you people do not EVEN LIVE HERE. Stay in DC
@USERS Amen !
@USER Antifa simply wants us to kill them. By the way. Most of us carry a back up. And a knife
maxime bernier Racist Party of canada bernier ppc .@USER news politics Government cdn poli pol can pnp cbc liberals progressives conservatives ndp cpc lpc gpc alt right far right populist racist racism bigot hw http
@USERS There's nothing more joyous than watching a snowflake cry especially when it is a google order follower.
@USER I stand with you dog United States United States United States MAGA
Ain't getting no pussy huh? http
@USERS Occupy Wall Street.where women got raped
@USER you are a DISGRACE
&amp could prove we're in opposite roles? THE DUALITY OF EVERYTHING. very scary. BUT i cannot feed that thought rn . need to think about how grateful i am that she's saying these things because it is finally getting to me that i cannot keep caring about her &amp that she is not who i think she is
@USERS Time for a statement on the support for Victor Orban and his anti-semitism.
@USER Terrible man wouldn't you say liberals. Just terrible.
 #RebekahismOfTheDay wednesday wisdom Liberals There is no such thing as gender. Me Really? Then tell me more about the wage gap. 
.and he is yet to get a call-up for senior team. http
 @USER sadly, you blew it in this interview. You are, or will be, bought. You did not pass the litmus test for what a Real Progressive is.You have mistakenly alienated what's left of the Dem base, thanks to HRC, and you need us, know it or not. http 
@USERS Too bad Antifa crashes GOP townhalls.
@USERS Kamala Harris is rapidly gaining a reputation as the most dishonest senator
@USER You are my favorite bot ily
@USERS Good lord.
@USER Guilt by association i see. A great tactic by spineless anti-white liberals.
@USER Foolish to think that
hanoi jane Fonda Campaigns for Gun Control Measure Will it Backfire? - Liberty Park Press http
@USER He do not seems happy just look at his eyes its like he is staring into ur souls
@USERS You are Incredible
@USER No one is mistreating her but you are all mistreating Kavanaugh. This man may be innocent but you liberals are jumping on this just because you hate Trump. So you all do the right thing and after 36 years it is her word against his so there is no contest.
@USER you are on fucking drugs my dude
@USERS I do not like the idea of supporting this company. http
@USERS She is just so effortlessly funny smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERSOrwell was Antifa. 
@USER Doct Tape Please!
@USER You are a grown up
@USERS She is a complete idiot clown face pouting face 
@USER I bet he is confused face 
@USER Put me down for disagree. This never happened. This is akin to the violence of antifa. She appropriating the MeToo movement for the purpose of damaging a person.
@USER I think he is trying to look like http
 @USER The important distinction here being Ex-attorney general .so frankly Yasir.nobody gives a rats pyjamas what you think.now piss off and find another trough to wallow in.liberals are finished in Ontario. 
@USER Seems we cannot even hold onto advancements in signage in re gun control.
@USERS And i can show you plenty of lefties like antifa getting pummeled like the weak punks they are 
@USERS So you are going to deflect away from nearly 3000 dead due the the lack of post hurricane support from the Trump administration by using the deportation of a single 92 year old man? You sir are the offensive one.
@USERS Alex it has been fantastic watching you race this season Love how you pass and how determined you are every race . Thank you
@USER Love you bitch
@USER THIS IS SO FUCKINGNDBS FUNNYHEJS
@USER help! I already have a verify account but when I try to use it it wants further details passport which I do not have with me. So I phone instead and after two minutes of pointless messages it tells me you are busy and hang up! What rubbish service.
@USERS the cover and your hair are glorious
@USERS do not hold your breath. Biased media will just double down on conservatives. The public is slowly catching on.
@USERS German antifastock fought against the Nazis. German antifa rescued jews.
@USERS Wrong. was a enthusiastic architect of devastating austerity along with the Tory's. The did not have to abandon every principle they supposedly had to the they could have let Cameron run a minority Government as dId SNP but CHOSE not to
wednesday motivation They should teach the type of governments for anyone who runs for public office. Most liberal wants to give an illusion that we have a democracy while they keep the power hidden. Conservatives enjoy representative Government but like to take control.
@USERS Anything against a conservative must be believed. Liberals get a pass.
@USERS Love this! But also my queen Lex has been speaking out on important issues like gun control and LGBTQ+ rights longgggg before Feb 14th. red heart selector 
@USERS You are such a lier and all for money. Nobody wants francoism here in Spain! Except people like you and your fascists separatists friends to smoke screen all the money embezzlement here in Catalonia! Why all your friends are with Vlaams Belang? &amp the Italian nazis? NAZI http
@USER He is an egomaniac and does not like to lose so he will spend money for free agency and his drafts are better
@USERSWhy to the cowards not list ANTIFA on their profiles. Cowards or terrorist or both. I'll go with both!
@USER I did not know football teams had private prisons. Thank you for providing this insight for me. Hopefully when he is released he will realize what he has done wrong and not do it again.
21 things that make Australia a way better country than the US and I do not even mention gun control http http
---The greatest predictors of political belief are high openness or low conscientiousness for liberals and low openness or high conscientiousness for conservatives. that is why the vast majority of artists,. http
@USER Booo. Hooo hoo who raised these spoiled brats ?
@USERS He is nothing but a left wing unhinged liberal jerk! He needs to shut the F-up! 8yrsof him was a life time of BS!
@USERS All the leftist organizations have, Antifa, the Greens, I went to a Wobbly meeting in 2014 and they spent 0 time talking about labor practices, laws, policy, etc. They spent the whole meeting on a resolution to be more trans inclusive, when 1 or 2 them present were already GNC. 
@USER You are missing brains?
@USERS Apparently the free market narrative isn't convenient today. I am so tired of hearing about free markets from conservatives who then turn around and pick winners and losers in the market. 
@USERS No one is talking about Trump! What does this tweet have to do with him? You liberals are more obsessed with him than his own supporters.
@USERS You have a legit 30% socialist bloc in Maryland. That will win a crowded primary but overall most people do not want to go that far left. As a Baltimore resident that is what liberals who is mostly everyone say.
@USERSYou are about to get on the map! This Safety is legit! 
@USERS Very disturbed by how this platform has become like a dictatorship from the Soviet state.
@USERS This is dumb! What is the point?
@USER Fuck bfa I am going back to rift
@USER Bite your vicious tongue!
@USER I wouldn't be surprised.
@USER face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy You are delusional http
@USER KKK and ANTIFA both hate groups created by the Democrats
@USERS CALLING ALL CONSERVATIVES GET OUT AND VOTE FOR CRUZ!MAGA! United States United States 
@USER Hows that gun control working out?
@USER I have been put on an Antifa hit list and i am taking the matter very seriously. I have reported to Twitter- nothing. Group Targets for maybe of Antifa. Donald Trump and Candace Owens as well. All I have is the Twitter handle. Thanks folded hands light skin tone http
@USERS Luckily you are in one of the safest seats. It allows you to be flippant or dismissive when it comes to opposing views. Still not heard a cohesive alternative plan from you though. br exit shambles
@USER Congratulations! He is so adorable
@USER Nancy Lee Grahn You Are Awesome! I have been a fan since Santa Barbara! Alex Davis also Rocks! Thank you !
@USER She is a Skrull. Enemy of The Kree. The Kree are who gave Carol her powers and whose uniform she is wearing in the first few moments of the trailer.
@USERS Except you kind of are when it comes to gun control
@USERS You are so beautiful 
@USER This is what happens when liberals get in control
@USERS Daniels said her job does not reflect her character, really. She is a cheap, sleezy porn lap dancer. The is no high road to take in that type of job 
 @USER No longer on guard, Marie smiles warmly. Merci. I love when I am compared to my father. I look up to him in many ways. She looks down for a moment and then back up. He is also my sire. Unless you already figured that out. She laughs softly. Marie beams at the question. + 
@USER Gun control is omportant. It should not be left to NRA to regulate it. It does not care about the lifes that are waisted along the path of its enrichment.
@USER Antifa girl of the month centrefold!
@USERS Tweet is directed at him. I can care less about whatever it is he is blathering about.
@USER Oh well yes goes without saying you are the ultimate Superman beaming face with smiling eyes thumbs up clapping hands 
@USER Good! MAGA
@USER amazon pets This is bonnie she is 2 years old and very friendly she has been through the wars as she got attacked by another dog. She would love to be the face of amazon pets http
 or 63 More evidence Liberals only goal is to sabotage nafta to make Trump the enemy and to get Trump Hate vote in Canada for election 2019. http
@USERS She's a class act isn't she. Kim the 2nd
@USERS And when logic FAILS, you aren't a twitterer like ME! I am sooo special, I have followers! I believe, I believe! Stop it with your dumb facts! MEGY you are entertaining! rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS Where is VAN? She is ARMY who need to shazam the most you know. magnifying glass tilted left paw prints dog face paw prints magnifying glass tilted right 
@USER why do conservatives have such a hard time testifying?
@USERS fuck River you are a sick individual. Get a life or make the world a better place or end yours. No loss trash IMHO
@USER Gotta keep that gun control law to get those terrorists
@USERS What a wonderful caring president we have. God bless him! maga
@USER Anyone else getting a different idea of how these attacks are connected? thinking face shushing face 
@USER you are worthy flexed biceps medium-dark skin tone hundred points http
@USERS This sounds as relevant as the march in Mumbai by the woke snowflakes for Gun Control face with tears of joy . Abortion in India is legal and only the woman's choice is required. Take your circus elsewhere. Instead take up the issue of oppression of Hindus in India. This is at least relevant.
@USERS Supporting an apartheid state which commits international war crimes. Shame on you.
@USER Amazingly the Dems or Obamas or Left get away with treating their identity polti cs groups as monolithic group thinkers who all support the Dems. What's the word when you label all people of a particular group the same ? Oh that is right . prejudice
@USERS What were you talking about? Climate change? Abortion? Legalizing cannabis? Private prisons? Wall Street fraud? Trump's lies? Gun control? White supremacy? Solar panels? Electric cars? Wind turbines? Clean energy? Evolution? The age of the earth? The meaning of the word Yom ? http 
@USER did not the polls say Hillary was going to be President?
@USER Unfirtunately i have seen hispanics justifying shit from trump. I argued with two family members of mine who believes trump did helped PR a lot. And i have a relative who he is a trump fan &amp agreeds that the majority of immigrants that come are bad. It is upsetting
@USERSI havent checked it so i cannot say anything.
@USER crooked hillary are you drunk again? Go back to bed granny.#TrumpTrain maga deplorable s dreg of society
@USER Looks Like The Jokes On Liberals Again. fort trump poland booming economy http
@USERS The bigger problem is liberal gun control nuts that want open borders to try and 'cleanse' a society from established cultures. Then create a ruling class or a communist structure that has been proven to fail. England is now a Muslim breeding ground. Shameful
@USERS Are you suggesting Brazil does not have a high crime rate? There is about 10x as much money trying to push gun control than there is nra money.
@USER Shocking almost all liberals are crazy and insane since that Clinton witch lost they've become unhinged deranged and a bunch of damn crybabies stop acting like children and grow up
@USER Schiff- you are the SWAMP.
q a non great awakening Awake Yet? It was a setup from the beginning. and most liberals know it. they just do not have the morals to accept it! http
@USERS antifa has no place in Anonymous. No censorship. http
@USERS I am talking about someone from a historical background and heritage of Guns. She a Roman catholic. They are generally all for gun control. You do your research sir.
@USER that is what we need. A nationwide vote on gun control. Let the people vote for a bill and force Congress to pass it if it is the will of the majority. power to the people
 A Pittsburgh antifa cell that is conducting weapons training to fight racists in the streets openly embraces mass murder. The MLM in that graffiti stands for Marxist-Leninist-Maoist. Mao's Communist regime killed 45 million people in the Venetian ballroom, at capacity. United States 
@USERS Well, see, if I start talking at Dana about sensible gun control laws and she ignores me or calls me a tragedy dry-humping whore as she did then we aren't having a conversation. I am just talking into the void. 
@USERS Antifa is a left wing inspired group. 
@USERS coming from a guy who should be arrested and charged as an accessory. I hat a deranged individual.
@USER What if the law is reasonable gun control?
@USERS She thinks she can run for President. These Democrats seem to always forget there is video tape of all the stupid things they do. She is irrelevant! SCOTUS will be confirmed and America is on the path to recovery from the 8 years of Obama! smiling face with sunglasses United States United States United States 
@USER Conservatives basically want some kind of Harrison Bergeron scenario where public universities are forced to pretend Charlie and Candace are functioning adults.
@USERSI dunno. I know who he is but I do not interact directly with him a lot. man shrugging selector 
@USER Call is normal thing tho because you even call your friends she should sub for herself she is not yet your responsibility to start buying data Outing? Dunno grinning face go for lowcut girls them full my hometown smiling face smiling face 
@USER It really is unbelievable that he feels it is ok to call citizens worse than deplorable. he is nuts. No wonder people are running to Reps. He obviously thinks he is way better than us. Time to go away Mr. Biden!
.wasn't great but he is still the best I've seen.my money is on thed AB's winning both the Rugby Championships and the WC with Beauden Barrett to play a starring role. http
@USERS you are in embarrassment to the Republican Party! Glad you took the cowardly way out and quit!
@USER Donald Trump has always been a dangerous animal to the defeated liberal left demonrat and communists like Brennan.
@USERS Here your proof! Our African United States friends do not get free college. The Demoncratic are putting illegals over United States people. These Antifa Ninja Turtles running around acting like jihadist and never lived a real life experience. Most of these Antifa colleges kids are White privileged
@USER Qual? http
@USER No he is waging war against you &amp all of the horrible things you have done.
@USERS Almost every one I talked to at work today said fuck canelo. He is the new mayweather
@USER All Trump's fault I guess http
@USERS We are the Judge Dredd's of our Nation. tuesday morning wednesday wisdom wednesday motivation wednesday morning maga kag make america great again keep america great america first 2a 2a defenders When Libtard Democrats call you.via right arrow Twt http http
@USER I hope it was. Fucken dinosaur thought he Steinbrenner face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER you are a dirty cum dumpster
@USER The far left antifa are the real fash .cowards that hide behind masks and attack anyone who has a diff opinion they even confront not only the old and the vulnerable but children as well
@USER He is asleep. Am I that boring?
@USER Looking forward to a show where you invite callers who regret voting for the federal Liberals on 2015.
@USERS You are really enjoying loudly crying face ei
@USERS Name the social injustices caused by the GOP and the death of anyone caused by members of it I dare you. How many people have lost their lives to the idiocy of gun control?
@USER That solved the problem in Chicago alright! I wish these leaders would think up something different to get attention. Gun control is getting old.
@USER you are a bye week
@USERS CAREFUL now soyboy stickman. Your arms might fall clean off. Dweeb.
Come on maga
Of course Spooky Dude is connected to Kavanaugh hit job http maga tea party trump train because cot pj net trump2018 kavanaugh kavanaugh confirmation hearing confirm kavanaugh
@USERS it is still here at 753. If someone did this to her or her family she'd be enraged. She is what has let loose.
@USER They owe the Christian Conservatives and the Koch Bros. this nomination. This specific nomination. For a reason.
@USERS Innocent people do not resign. We know liberals love sexual predators. That is why you are OK with Keith Ellison assulting several women with police reports to support it.
@USER I think the reality is that he is 'truth phobic '
@USER And the unexplained 42 murders associated with her mother are pro christian?
@USER I see boobs face with tears of joy winking face with tongue face blowing a kiss smiling face with halo 
@USERS In poker I would definitely move all in on this Woodward bluff. When did Bob become a shill. Hope the because I pays well Bobby.
@USERS Yea he is. Sorry you have to go through this
@USER There's this specific person whose tweets r bugging me since morning . rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy solo fan I guess .usko har cheez se problem hai aur use shayad aisa lagta hai Jaise he or she is the nly sensible one rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
libdems also have a share without their support conservatives would never have got austerity through. All for the price of plastic bags. http
@USER He is a knucklehead. He is not making good decisions.
@USERS kindergarten for adults?
 stop sign Truthfeed News stop sign backhand index pointing right 'Dems Scramble and Suddenly Hit the BRAKES on Kavanaugh's Accuser' maga2a prolife http
conservatives have been playing defense WAY too long. ENOUGH. wake up make america great again democrats dividing and destroying america
@USERS going to suck with all that gun control
@USERS Sir I know the difference pretending to be someone else is lying who you are the age where you from etc etc etc. but that is not the point the point is a lot of people are doing both and they been doing it since forever to kill their victims. And it sucks!
.@USER laughs at conservatives on The View for suddenly being outraged by his support of Democrats -- come on guys - clearly they weren't THAT good of fans if they did not know who he was. http
@USERS No one gives a shit and no one will miss her! Sorry will! http
@USER I never said that. I merely refuted the statement that they do not have a tight end. Virgil Green is a solid tight end when he is surrounded by the talent that the chargers have
@USERS Source? Legit only. No FAUX or its minions. And just in case antifa equals to anarchists. They are not left. Last http
@USER my Kitty you know that I love you and you are always in my minds smiling face with heart-eyes cat face hugging face 
@USERS it is not from Antifa. It was a troll created by pol.
@USER Here she is
@USERS ILLEGAL ASSEMBLY Look it up.
@USERS confirm kavanaugh This folly is used to fire-up the extreme Progressive base. Soros' antifa &amp blm did not work. http
@USER divine she is
@USERS It is false. She is lying. Check her source.
@USER We need you to do the next superhero game . down arrow selector http
@USERS Funny thing about these meme maps. South Carolina and Cook county Illinoise have very similar demographics and populations. Cook county has more than twice as many murders as my home state with all that gun control. Start comparing apples to apples.
@USERS As Fat as he is President Trump will be the last President Moore Ever See's
@USER He is still a baby
@USERS I linked to an article showing you why you are wrong. you are telling libertarians and conservatives aka the right what they supposedly believe. I am not bigoted, it is just a pattern I've noticed that never seems to be wrong. 
@USER Bono loves and embraces fugitive Roman Polanski. that is the kind of guy he and his mates are.
@USERS Like London with land banked luxury apartments but little or no social housing built.
@USERS I think Collins has maybe seen the light given the threats against her from Liberals lately.
 @USER You are more than your productivity ? 
@USER he is more qualified than all of you Obama folks put together!
@USER Actually it is only libs that ACTUALLY follow up on their threats 36 cops murdered so far by libs 100s of cops shot by libs Dozens of republican congressman attempted murder by libs Antifa assaulting on behalf of libs http
rape Culture Prominent Conservatives Rush to the Defense of Brett Kavanaugh in Wake of Sexual Assault Allegation @USER http
@USERS Video was worth it
@USER Sorry but bloodsuckers are bad almost as bad as elves like you are dating an undead monster who cannot be controlled and even if they can be controlled you'll die before her and make her have mental issues
@USER A thought I had watching this does she know where she is or what's going on? 
@USERS Principled conservatives know Canadian liberal media 24 or 7 Hate news is only to help Justin Trudeau it is obvious you are one who's being manipulated and that hurts Canada. Read my 60 pinned tweet thread for explanation. I see you ignore Trumps support Israel
@USER Wake up black Americans! maga kavanaugh vote red trump trump2020 walk away kag trump train 1a sunday thoughts hurricane florence hurricane florence 2018 bolsonaroeleito1lugar bolson aro presidente bb blackout bluewave blm black excellence http
@USERS Let's see how many planes are turned around or crazy airport shut downs happen over next few days. Maybe a drinking game? wwg1wga maga
@USERS Be safe you fucker
@USERS Paid protesters. vote dems out kavanaugh
@USERS She is!
@USERS You are the deep state.
@USERS See. Even liberals are in agreement!
Did you want or need a job maga mag a rally rules maga2020 trump supporters women for trump http
@USERSThe bus and the kitty are not very nice individuals!
@USERS He is the lord.
 . . . She is responding to her children. Zero. We have no time. You must find a way to stop Elpizo. X, MMZ2 
@USERS Who is fawning? And who are you to decide who is and who isn't reasonable? It is fully possible to be reasonable and still be wrong. I am guessing you have never watched Daves show and are going by what you have heard from people you are fawning over.
@USERS He is not
@USERS We do! that is why Donald Trump is in office! All the Democrats and a good portion of Republicans are the shadow Government! You are complicit in this! You are a Globalist international communist !
@USER Its clear you wouldn't listen anyways since you are more interested in arguing over the non existent racism of that tweet rather than calling out the ignorant white girl on display
@USER Excommunicate the guy. That'll teach 'Em.
@USER Oh cool. Alana found the one person dumber than she is and retweeted him. Nice move.
@USER AGREED 100%. They are the majority. And there letting the liberals dictate how they want to proceed!
@USER AMEN HE is with me
@USER you are so loved
@USER And . what?
@USER All liberals should cross the floor and leave Trudeau all alone to implode! Guy is leading our country into financial disaster!
@USER He will change after mid term elections and 2020.
@USER Another war Hero speaks out United States Cuba United States Cuba United States Cuba 
@USERS soldier ? More like antifa scum bag 
@USERSYou are making the outward trappings of respect and patriotism more important than the patriotism that exists when you volunteer to serve your nation.
@USER . Do a few more lines Moore.
@USERS Your comparing apples and oranges like liberals often do. We In Texas are very strategic and methodical in our voting. We understand what works for Texas does not in voting nationally. But who we elect in Texas affects the nation.
@USER It does not go far enough. Jr. You are going to jail.treason.
@USERS this hurts to look at
@USERS oh my god. it is like the OWS crowd in their later years! They still cannot think or speak for themselves. They're only allowed to parrot.
@USERS We could help if you are London based smiling face with smiling eyes 
@USERS are you talking about me? I am more Green than MAGA. sorry if my Twitter grammar isn't up to par for you. my eyes are bad. maybe you'll critique my latest article too please. I do not have well-paid editors so I am sure I do slip http
@USER sometimes you get what ya ask for
@USERS No school shootings in New Zealand ever. Suggest you do some research around countries that have unarmed police forces. Their children and citizens are kept safe by strong gun control laws that are strictly enforced.
project veritas james okeefe Keep up the great work! I am sure there are many more Obama Deep State Employees working in the Fed Government against Trump and conservatives. and the Constitution for that matter. http
@USER Hell no!
 @USER Heavenly Father I ask for a hedge of protection for those in the path of this horrendous storm. May God Bless the USA, the POTUS and the Patriots of this Great Nation! May God's Wrath fall upon all Tyrants, Human Traffickers and those who betray our Great Nation! WWG1WGA 
@USERS I think we have to confer with Messiah. I think only she is powerful enough to turn this tide. She did empower him to win the last two Majors.
@USER And you still defend?
@USER Isn't the coalition for gun control headed up by the lady who was turned down for a job because she was a bully?
@USER I can see a case for it based on the evidence of how appalling badly the Conservatives have gone about Brexit and now that we have a clear idea of what leaving means.
@USER Another tweet to prove even further that he is a pure narcissistic sociopath! America deserves better &amp we need to demand better.
Actually nvm DC animated films are the shit
@USER Eric Smolder Ex Atty Genl. Epitome of the Labamba Government. sheister.
@USERS Hurray! All hard core Liberals in the Light Liberal Party.
@USERS No equip an in air accuracy mod and you are all set ! Let's the clips fly !
@USER brain damages she is
@USER I have a strong feeling a high % of them will vote blue. Gun control is their main focus.
 @USER AS YOU ARE LOOKING OUT FOR ME I SEE YOUR LOGO I AM HOPING YOU WILL GET OFF THE ROBOT&amp ARE you SENSITIVE TO WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO ME IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT MY CAR TAKEN WHILE SLEEPING IN IT A TOW TRUCK REMOVED IT TO EMPOUNDMENT I KNOW NOT WHERE LATE PAYMENT WHAT? NOT TRUE. http 
@USER Holy shit this is sick 0
hey Did France's Gun Control Hurt Its Resistance to the Nazis? http
@USER Clown who cares about you or the nfl. nfl free sundays
@USERS OF COURSE HE IS! THE CORRUPT DEMOCRATE PARTY IS AT STAKE! maga wwg1wga
@USER Awesome news
@USER Do really even care what comes out the his foolish and annoying mouth? Go home David and let the adults maga
@USER Ahhh Lurch go back to wind surfing.
@USERS Yeah! Liberals are all Look at me! I am a victim just because a man held me down, covered my mouth and tried to rip my clothes off to rape me. Boo hoo. And his friend turned up the music too loud to cover up my screams and it hurt my widdle ears Get over it already, amiright? 
@USER Did she make some sort of sexual or foul joke? Liberals really like making her do that
@USER Folks not a protest against our great president. This was pure and simple a way to bring on more gun control. Weapon on campus gun free zone carried a concealed weapon illegally . This guy just trying to cause more gun control otherwise he'd of shot himself in the head.
@USERS Not strict enough? So in your world of stricter gun control shall the military go door to door siezing firearms from thos not willing to give them up.?
@USER Just the type of skilled migrant that the Liberals want to come to our wonderful country
@USERS I've been complaining about this shit all tournament long. They think people in USA care more about Roger Federer favorite food than they do watching Americans play. it is such a turnoff that I turn the channel
@USERS So where are all the British builders then?
@USER face with tears of joy face with tears of joy you are too funny!
 6. since he was only six year old he wanted to be the only one . world champion and now he is forever. at the last seven or eight laps he was crying like . we were all crying like a girl and he was crying in his radio in his car ! and although limited to a review of 
@USER Attention of bigger accounts is everything on here. The smaller you are the more you vanish in Nowheresland. man shrugging selector Sometimes they even believe to be something better because of the numbers on their follower-count.
1 or 2 establishment. May. panicking. Trying to get us to abandon brexit. Liberals. MPs. Now police say they couldn't keep us safe if we leave eu. They say we'll be bankrupt. house prices fall. Food prices rise. http
@USERS He. Is. A. Sociopath. They are incapable of feeling empathy. Period.
@USERS He is u15.let me know if you have any more info on other clubs. I am definitely interested. Thanks alot.
@USERS No we do not! There has been videos of Trump supporters blocking kkk and sending them away! We do not accept racism. He said There are fine people on both sides . That includes antifa but go ahead and pick and choose your information.
@USERS does not compute!
@USERS Are you wanting gun control for LEO's?
@USER He isnt aware of anything he is just that handsome 
@USER Buck and Spiderman http
@USERS She cannot remember when it happened she cannot remember where it happened she cannot remember how she got there. She is a liar and a feminazi who will go to any lengths to smear this man. She is a LIAR.
@USERS What freedom do you have that people who live with gun control do not have?
@USER bE CARRFUL HE IS SMOL
@USER Look who's talking. maga
@USERS Really good news for us conservatives in Texas. Gives repubs supermajority in Senate.
@USERS Great question. What say you antifa working within our Government and paid for by taxpayers? 
@USER this gave me fucking heart palpitations I am shaking as i type this
@USERS I remember you. My sister told me what you did to her. You are lucky she did not call the police.
@USERS good
Rubio Wants DOJ Investigation Into Kerry's Iran Meddling http via @USER
@USER Yessir fam
@USER let me correct this. jeno is my soul and you are my mate skshsksk
@USERS Steroid girl in steroid rage
@USERS just need to hang in strong together such actions will hand tories a life line on a plate ? without are going to be ripped apart come the next general election
@USER She is the size of a stadium
1st cheeto dust cheats to get his position Then he throws paper towels to American citizens who have just been devestated by a hurrican. Next he sends no help to the victims of this latest hurricane. Claims stop kavanaugh is a great guy Now he is unclassifying docs he shouldn
 @USER And Sarah's story, egad! The producer who's asked if he could fall for a nymphet and responds absolutely! 
@USERS Serena was outplayed &amp acted like a spoiled brat. She is not above the rules
@USER She ran are holding an assault rifle and calling for gun control. MY may be moving left but not that far
@USER Just know that she is in a better place
@USERS 'affordable' homes. New flats cost minimum 120k in south glasgow. How is that affordable when our pay rises are stagnant!?
@USERSMan. cannot believe we've lost these 2 as of recently. 2 most Iconic actors of the 70s. http
@USER She has no record on gun control. No thanks.
@USER Or bite it off. Transition complete
@USERS Sending commiserations to you for those Cardinal losses with this brioche cinnamon roll picture. http
@USERS If your party ever wants to be taken seriously they need to call off &amp defund violent liberals ANTIFA with their KKK hoods beating up strangers they know nothing about. Either you care about human life &amp all these causes or you have people beat up. You cannot have it both ways.
@USER Bull shit. stop putting words in people's mouths.
5 Reasons Gun Control In The United States Is A Lost Cause http http
@USER What about ANTIFA? No one would have died if ANTIFA hadn't showed up without a permit
. and she is in the process of removing the status he and she new status coming soon hp life
@USER why do all crazy liberals have CRAZY EYES? http
@USER I still want him to fuck my pussy with a rake. http
twitter purge Documentation white heavy check mark Am I the only 1 who gains 50 followers then loses75 followers daily pouting face stop twitter censorship of conservatives http
@USER Denial stage. Almost at admission
@USER its okay but you are the emo too I am not LOOK TO YOUR ICON AND USERNAME JUST LOOK
@USERS UNTIL ITS YOUR ASS IN THE HOT SEAT walk away wwg1wga pizza gate q a non hivites maga eagle one to want a .
@USER Texas race is no race. Believe it liberals!
@USER Yeah but he painted a cat once so he is Good
@USER Who the fuck are you?
@USER Anyone is a target for the Leftist Liberals. GOAL? Decent God-fearing conservatives will pass on Government service! RESULT? The country is harmed! Congrats to Liberals - your ANTIFA anti-America blossoms!
@USERS I would love more information about joining the dukin donuts division of Antifa.
@USER I have adopted a pet from you about 5 yrs ago. She is still with me and her daughter is still with my friends. Her name was Nina but I changed it to Onna. A truly amazing little girl guite the grandmother attitude. I love her so much. I believe she saved me. 
@USERS Saw you on Hannity last night. Want you to know I love your Dad and know everything he has sacrificed for us. He is to me the greatest President in my lifetime and in modern history. I so wish I could tell him. I would probably ugly cry though. He is a Godsend to this country.
@USERS But Sis Paul McCartney loves Venezuela's dictator, Iran's leader, Syrian president, Putin and other leaders who rule with terror. He only has bad things to say about our beloved President Donald J. Trump! Go figure? 
@USER Any Texan that would grant automatic citizenship to illegal immigrants should never be elected.
@USERS Actually maga spends atleast $40 2 times a yr on shoes .libnuts just put the same pair in the dishwasher every 6 months.
A new bill aims to send masked Antifa activists to jail for 15 years @USER http 40 years!
@USERS Everything in order other than the claim that the Conservatives are the party of business.
@USER Many thinking Conservatives know Brexit will be a disaster &amp will not quietly follow you over a cliff. You have not secured a deal &amp it is looking unlikely without major concessions. No deal not an option. May might have to go for referendum or Gen Election. So do not talk to soon
 &lt BECAUSE YOU ARE MY &gt Because you are my , so I'll cherish every moment with you. You are my past, present and my future. Still trying my utmost to collect his postcard Link http happy hyun jae day believe hyun jae day http 
@USERS You are flawed by looking at a large problem through a narrow lens.
@USERS Her loss had nothing to do with race or with her being a woman. She is probably the greatest woman tennis player of all time. She has also, always been a temperamental, pampered multi-millionaire, and a sore loser. Serena, you have a great life. Please stop bullying people. 
@USERS it is a trap. Conservatives know as soon as they go public they're on the termination list.
@USERS She is gorgeous.
@USERS She is a activist a women's me too movement whackadoodle.
@USERS She is just spewing sh t Bernie's robot what a lie they will say &amp do anything and what she is going to do for district 14 not a da n thing Socialism do not work that way they suck all up.
@USER Are leos okay with their home addresses being passed out to any antifa who attend a few DSA meets?
@USERSArmy of god? You have no concept of who God is. You are army of hate
@USER so much to unpack in this thread. Bones.Beau.Sid looks so good.fire whoever took the photos you deserve better.you are beautiful.
@USER Fuck weary face I did not realize it until I got on and finally played it again
@USERSI do not ever want to hear conservatives wax poetic about how amazing the founders were when they were willing to throw the constitution under the bus to own the libs. Conservatives do not have positions. They do not have rules. They make them and break them just to win.
@USER This is the kind of thing that liberals want. A totalitarian society where tweets are grounds for examinations.
@USER REST IN PUSSY
@USERS accept. I do not hate men. I do not hate conservatives. I hate stupid. And I hate hypocrites. And the fact that you think being a conservative matters at all in this matter means to me that you are not so much into law and order as you think you are.
@USER Morrow said he is shooting for the White Sox series so he should be the closer. Hopefully.
@USER Keep safe. Glad he is going. Our daughter is at school in High Point NC. School is closed Thursday and Friday.
@USER Fuck the NFL
@USER Behold all the conservatives who deliberately ignore the fact that the OK gesture USED TO BE benign but now is co-opted by racists to signal they're down with white supremacy. Much like swastikas were benign in Asian countries &amp still are but were co-opted &amp ruined by Nazis.
@USER He is a moron
@USER My daughter is working toward being a teacher. Tell your hubby to support gun control so she gets that chance and isn't shot at school.
@USERS . is like railroad tracks - laid across the country
@USER Guys ugly and unhinged.
@USERS Antifa came out of the old German Communist Party 1932. Just history. that is why they wear masks. http
@USERS you are welcome! Yo! and I were holding up a casual tournament watching you. Good shit!
@USER Bitch I am in the hood serving junkies in a Maybach ! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS She hardly tweets unless its to give a shoutout to getup or antifa it seems.
@USERS Lock him up! He is insane!
@USERSPicked up some fire og today. it is really good but it is ugly as fuck. I almost passed on it but he smoked a j with me and it is fuckin fire. Wish we could share a bowl my brother victory hand selector green heart 
@USER Hillary was sure she would be President too.
@USER She is saving her cAreer
@USERS me too is the BEST WEAPON the Liberals have because there is NO DUE PROCESS . its all DISGUSTING . and WOMAN are the ones USING it as the weapon . shameful and TYPICAL Liberalism . USE emotions FOR their own BENEFIT . POSTER CHILD for USING Woman
@USER Bono sucks
@USERS Ya niggas
@USER Did you go to the south side where thousands have died? Strictest gun control policies in the country and they do not work.
@USER She is AWESOME. Thanks
@USERSWow. Delusional Antifa here. Determining that someone has or has not been involved in many protests. Already judging and deciding for others. Typical facist hiding behind the term antifa. Much like Jim Jones. Scary.
@USERSFollowed All ! maga
@USER Billy Preston said all too well Something from nothing leaves nothing. 
@USERS Hope they continue to crash 
@USER and yet Congress took away ALL GUN CONTROL LAWS when they took away Article 4 sec 4 US CONSTITUTION from the people thank you Congress
@USERS that is the point you waffle faced nob goblin
@USERS is anything but an independent thinker. She is a loyal party aparachnik through and through.
@USER I hope you are at the park. They are playing rush
@USER Happy Birthday to Hyunjea i love you you are very beautiful . the boyz hyun jae 
@USERS Conservatives are notoriously gullible. I use wanted to make sure you knew.
@USERS Democrats will say he shouldn't be confirmed because of it. Republicans will say she is politically motivated and has no evidence to prove her claim. And a week from now we'll be right back where we were.
@USERS An Antifa apologist journo is now looking for a job that is all you need to know.
@USERS I appreciate the self promotion tweet Great Advertising and I love what does for the community and helps to maga The fargo lowes has a great group of people. thanks hurricane florence business hurricane season tuesday thoughts technology investments
@USERS She is being realistic tho http
@USER what the fuck.
@USERS I wouldn't be so confident in her exclusion if i were you, if she isn't in oh well , but if she is, you may have a lot of told ya so's by different people 
@USERSAnother great train Picked up some new Patriots. Thank you for including me.
@USER Abortion on demand - that is what she wants!
@USERS And the United States is 94th in murder rate. Thanks for proving that gun control is useless except for authoritarians.
@USER oh my god! What a disaster that would be! She is the most incompetent person
Happiest Birthday to the greatest Constitution on God's green earth! United States @USER devil you lose again let the tribunals begin the rainmakers trump world rainmakers unite wwg1wga q a non maga kag q828 the persistence http
@USER same i just want to win so i can finally have a good pc and shit post in full body in vrc
@USER I love that feeling that you get from going from Blues to purples. The discovery of new sexy loot!
@USER I did not recognize him without his antifa mask.
@USERS Oh look antifa are out to be play.#OPMAYFLOWER good trumps evil patriots fight q a non maga maga bots digital soldiers fisa gate gitmo trump2020 drain the swamp enjoy the show lock her up strawberry recall wwg1wga http
@USER You are not a failure and an inspiration to other people
@USERS Insanity.just like the commies! hypocrisy the storm maga kag q a non http
 @USER Why isn't the basic issue of Survival of the Fittest vs Take Care of Everyone the dems main point. Isn't this the core of all others ? gun control, wealth and income inequality, health care, entitlements, EPA, Glbl Wrm. Most agree here http 
@USERS Fuck those terrorists in the ass!
@USER This is the most ridiculous tweet I've read today. Comparing the traitors that are the cpc to the liberals is like saying the democrats and republicans are two of the same. Grasping on straws. Pathetic
@USERSTrue they raided a Antifa bomb factory in Germany!
@USER http I bet.
@USERS If the really want to conserve everything that is great about the uk then they really need to bury this f racking nonsense &amp do everything possible to make us energy efficient &amp fossil fuel free. please do the right thing! 
@USER ORourke is just one more ignorant gun control freak. do not know what they are talking about!
@USER Hi I am Tim Kaine and this is my Criminal Antifa Son thumbs up http
@USER Copycat
@USERS Fuck yeah!
@USER I always found liberals and progressives to be the spartan ones. All the socialists I knew wanted to live as well as they could afford
@USERS Then why the fuck did they elect him
@USERSYou said that if my speech offends someone then I should be fined or jailed. I asked if you should be fined if you wanting gun control offended me
@USER this is BULLSHIT! Some crappy pop star in Philly instead of the Fresh Prince &amp DJ Jazzy Jeff! All of America needs to take a knee over this
@USERS Gawd you are missing the point so hard. Yes she could have. Point is she is expected too. The responsibility lies solely on the woman in our culture. The man is not berated for his actions. The woman is. Listen to you silly girl you are part of that culture. 
@USER You are a bloody demon you do not need to summons one
@USER This is why I am voting for Senator Bill Nelson and all other Democrats in Florida to make our State healthy and clean. Gun control laws changed. Climate change under control for Florida. Please Vote!
@USERS I agree with you Catherine. Gun control Laws is the main solution of this problem. 10223879
@USERS Outside of Antifa. All could be supported. No one wants to tear down the military.
20 Crazy Things Liberals Blame Trump For TrumpTrain http
I wonder if any of the MAGA people that try to follow me are hoping to maybe get better knowledge or maybe they want to change. And then I go and block them. Maybe that is why they never change. man shrugging selector 
@USER A resounding NO! United States maga
@USERSFollowing all patriots. PLEASE follow back. Thank you. maga kag walk away witchhunt red wave rising vote red vote dems out vote red to save america
@USER By the way the United States is a Republic!
@USER What is happening Layne? You are losing your temper. Is it because you feel you are trailing behind now?
@USERS HE IS THE POORLY EDUCATED!
@USER I do not know who these POS Nazi Liberals are &amp do not care to know. Everyone of the Hollywood elite can &amp prob will go to he!.
@USER 16 vic had 2 games with multi sacks against OT are ? in playoffs that same yr no impact. He is a 6.5 sack guy. You look at his frame compared to 58 and 52 he should be mix between the 2 as a former OT he does not bend the corner enough after intial punch and he quits
@USER So sister fucker.name one single thing Obama said that was inappropriate?
@USER Can anyone say washed up actor trying to stay relevant? !
@USERS Is he? Does he know this? You sure he is not out golfing? Or maybe tweeting like a lunatic. I bet he is planning his next maga ding dong rally. He was never President. You are just to brainwashed to realize that.
 US Places 33 Alleged Russian Spies And Military Officials On Sanctions Blacklist http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS And yet he is allowed to. Congress is supposed to be a check on this clown. If we get control of Congress you folks have to write some laws to prevent this happening again.
@USER She is maaaad annoying!
 people are sick of books from crooks. maga red wave rising http
@USER Niggas wellin if they wanna live in a world with endless world wars and death and chaos. My Hero is literally anime X-men
@USERS Hes comin for ur woolly bitches
 @USER JUST LIKE A PLANTATION, White Liberals have Black people under their thumb and any Black person that tries to get out from under their Old Order is considered one of them uppity Negroes, too smart fer his britches. They get all the other good lil Negroes to teach them a lesson. 
@USERSdo not keep signing all this talent for what so they can be on main event ever week or get lost in the Shuffle Chad cable is a amazing wrestling but he is in a tag team with Bobby Rhoode that do not make any sense and people wonder why cody left because he is a main event talent
@USERS does not mean you are just fighting for the money. He loves to fight and wants to make the most money he can while doing it.
leftists and commies in the usa are going to get a little bit riled up me thinks?! grinning squinting face maga mb ga mcga socialists lefties conservatives patriots mega trump democrats republicans http
Rod Rosenstein Agent of the Deep State Coup - Flopping Aces - http http deep state deep state corruption drain the swamp @USER kag TW347
@USER Ivanka speaking about empowering women is embarrassing. She was given everything on a silver platter by her father and is one of the least empowered women in America. She is fully dependent on her father. She preferred cheap labor and disempowered women to make her products.
fake news lying news @USER Liberals are losing their optimism. Soon they'll have to give up their welfare checks and food stamps and get a job. Conservatives are enjoying an optimism we haven't had in 30 years. http
@USER Pro rate them just as you are the beginning positions.
@USERS GUN CONTROL SEEMS TO WORK IN AUSTRALIA AINT HAVE A MASS SHOOTING SINCE. AND POLICE BRUTALITY HAPPENS LITERALLY EVERY WEEK THERES A NEW VIDEO SURFACING. http
@USERS people died in Puerto Rico because of their Government's corruption !
@USERS lots of things you do not know. clown face 
@USERS No reasoning with someone who cannot even grasp that common sense gun control does not equal a ban on guns. I am a liberal gun owner. 
@USER The game sucks
@USER EAT MY ASS OH MY GOD YOU BETTER BE LYING
@USERS Every day her IQ gets lower and lower more wanna be nazi Barbie is going to be a pile of maga goo on the bottom of the set soon enough .
@USERS Now what are you ? A Liberal ? Intellectual ? You are nothing but a Bigot. Shamelessness at its peak.
@USER he is funny
@USERS My President I elected loves American citizens. You liberals have shown your true colors. You are ant- American with horrible morals and lawless behavior. You cannot relitigate the 2016 election. He will be re elected too. Get used to it!
@USERS Yes. Of course. He is a perfect fit for the . He is who they are.
@USER So after taking with Kavanaugh he is able to diagnose His accuser
 @USER Ford knew the moment she came forward anonymously that her name would get out. This was an effort to stall the kavanaugh nomination. 35 yo Accusations that knowingly cannot be proven. Throw mud at the last minute. This is what the resistance looks like. 
@USER you know Dan I used to think you were a pretty competent newsman now I can clearly see you are nothing more then a paid whore who sells himself and his once stellar reputation. Trying to be relevant again ? http
@USER He is and was and is to come.
@USERS I won't say there haven't been any but compared to antifa protests its not even comparable.
@USER Technique is Key raising hands light skin tone 
@USER all these accusations were to just write a book . There was never an affair If it were true why would we trust you . You took the money and still told about it. Why do people call you by your prostitute name . Maga 45 .
 @USER Did she also say when they do to walk away ? 
@USER How does he know Canada wants him? They seem to have enough problems with liberals right now.
@USERS How does this work ? Seems to me he is on the same path as Washington with a deficit -the biggest deficit ever
@USERS Feel free to start with Antifa. winking face 
@USER You are being unkind to the pin!
@USERS Come out and disavow WS and the OK hand sign or else you are linked to Charlottesville and Trump. And do not say antifa is bad too.
@USER Most men are decent and respectful so how is it that the so-called conservatives have such a knack for finding and elevating sexual predators?
@USERS You are on the wrong side of gun control but then you already knew that.
@USERS This is how libs circle the wagons and protect each other.
@USER God he is such an a hole.
@USERS Yes. And you wouldn't accept that you are better. Because that is just how nice you are.
@USERS Oh nooooos! I hope you are safe during this storm!
@USERS I have a better ideaMr Guterriz or whatever his name is should resign &amp go THE HELL back to wherever the hell his people came from for the sake of this country!
@USER State Sponsored Kids Protesting the 2nd Amendment? Youth invasion of D. because. took place as young fascists-in-training were corralled into D. because. to demand that Government strip away the liberties of all in the name of gun control http '
@USER My heart and prayers go out to The parents and staff of the Blossomwood Elementary School Shooting in Huntsville. Several Injuries have been reported but we have to get a grip on gun control. This is a problem
@USERS mogg jacob rees mogg calls for to chuck chequers now. 'Chequers pleases nobody other than the prime minister herself.' http bbc sky lbc tory tories
@USERS And there's br exit backhand index pointing down light skin tone http
@USER Did they think it was going to get better
@USER Alright imma need an explanation there
@USERS Oh, it is not like when I am talking about say Antifa violence no one ever says to me but what about Charlottesville? even though I am talking about Antifa and not Neo-Nazis. 
@USERS Every identity deals with their rep differently. But to say that Conservatives aren't ostracized on Canadian campuses for their views is pretty dumb. Have you never seen a Conservative booth at a university society expo? Let alone even try to organize something as a conservative?
@USER Finally. God bless them. We need more of this advocacy
@USER girl! which foundation?!?!
@USERS I guess he needs to learn gun control.
@USERSAwh thanks babe. I am just really upset that depression is taking over everyone I know and love. And people I admire. rest in peace Mac miller broken heart I do not want anyone to ever think that they are alone in their fight!
@USER Dufus of the year would be more like it.!
@USER Hooray!
@USERS Please source the video where these antifa where violent towards you. let's see your sources. 
red wave a coming! that is ok tho. No conservative will harm you b or because of your political ideals. cannot say the same for liberals tho. Liberals can be vile and nasty to opposing views. http
@USERSI got you all maga clear flynn now
@USER he is going up the creek with Obama and Clinton.
@USER As it gets closer to November the left is in full on panic mode their talking points will forever be 25th Amendment. Ok idiots let's see you try it.
The beauty of the view is that no one pretends not to be a leftist. @USER maga
@USERS Owl's kid will be the commander of Antifa one day. He or She won't have time for college because they will be too busy fighting Nazis on camera
@USER cannot rehabilitate a pervert zero tolerance So disappointed in this pope
@USER your dog she is sooo unique and adorable face blowing a kiss two hearts 
@USER Babble!
@USERS I know exactly how it works. They steal money through regulations and taxes and the people cannot do a thing about it because the Government has the monopoly on violence. Why do you think democrats desperately need gun control? They want even more power over the people.
@USERS We do not watch any NFL games. This guy can shove it in his pie hole.
@USER They're all Democrats right? They're not hiding it anymore! fake journalists fake news no honor maga
Lethargic voters get what they deserve! Aggressive voters MAGA http
@USER Aww Bradley you are so cute
@USER soulmate or life partner yellow heart yes ma'am she is!
@USER we set then face with tears of joy 
@USER YOU ARE SO CORRECT JIN IS A WHOLE CRACKHEAD
@USERS You 2 see-no-evil monkey hear-no-evil monkey should do research re gun control Psy Ops aka School pistol s. 
@USERS I hope he is out for the season!
@USERS Agreed! What is wrong with Senator Collins to suggest this as tho the victim is on trial - She is not!
@USER 6.5 Billion Human Beings are spare to capacity according to the One World Government End Game Agenda that 6.5 Billion includes 1.5 BILLION Muslims maga ought'a keep that in both heart &amp mind religious freedom republic freedom and justice for all 
@USER Horse Shhh! Here's how she is viewed! http
@USER I have a friend who has been saying that for the past few years. You are setting yourself up for disappointment
@USER Tell us how you really feel about america Bill Maher face with rolling eyes maga vote red
@USERSthat is like me &amp flying i have never been in any airplane unless Donnie takes me his plane &amp holds my hand the whole time or i sit right next to him knowing me i would have sit on his lap &amp hold on to him I am afraid to fly
Thank you President Trump and Than You God for hearing our prayers. maga http
@USERS He is what he is by now.
@USERS fails to realize he is the party of and Antifa. A complete lack of self awareness. These people are dangerous. enemy of the people
@USERS why do not ask Antifa how safe people feel ?
@USERS It was more of an allusion to the must-keep-growing economy and the dependence on bullshit jobs to pay back unnecessary debt to create growth to prevent that whole thing falling over. I vote according to the circumstances at the time of the election.
@USER Excuse you. She is the best. She just wants to hang.
@USER Democrats will let animals like this out all over the country if they get power back.
@USERS 7 piece explaining the allegations of conservative bias and why conservatives are calling for regulation http
@USER He is spending your contributions. Vote Ted Cruz!
@USER ugh love you gamecocks stay safe and come home to us soon red heart selector 
@USERS The one where democrats have controlled major cities for so long they've bankrupted them and left the minority's and others in such desperation that crime is their only alternative to life. Instead of hand outs maybe they should teach a better way.
@USER Aim higher!
@USERS embarrassing!
@USERS Gun control does not correlate with safety. it is these facts you should take some time to ponder. http
@USER Trump does not want to have the FBI investigate Dr. Ford's claim b or because Ivana Trump reported that Trump raped her. A culture of dirty old sexual perverted men in the GOP and Neo Liberals doing the same thing to Dr. Ford as they did to Anita Hill. White men have no respect for women
@USER Keep telling it like it is! maga
@USER Maybe the gangs will in Chicago will show up and discuss you philosophy on guns and gun control or sensible gun legislative measures. Since you are from Chicago and Chicago is the home of gun violence in the US.
@USER What a freaking ass.
@USERS Yes mothers now this is what the deranged left will make you do to your little boys! Are we really going to let this happen? Pure EVIL! vote dems out maga 2020 confirm judge kavanaugh http
 @USER It was Billy Clinton's Welfare Reform that caused this. To be clear Billy Clinton is Republican Lite, like Hillary is. The Clinton's campaign on Progressivism, but govern as conservatives. 
@USER when is enough enough? This is abhorrent and inexcusable. Your fearless leader seems to have forgotten that he is a public servant. http
@USER I am in Mn. I wish they would. He also supports antifa and is connected to the Muslim brotherhood. I do not want him to have any power here.
@USER Today history is just repeating itself. Liberals have got away with these disgusting tricks for too long! They need to be stopped as this is deeply damaging our country. Democrats should be more concerned about our country than power and money. I know that will NEVER happen 
@USER You are. But you are also sick and that alerts my doctor side.
@USER Reason number 865 why conservatives do not do comedy.
@USER oh no you guys do not censor the right at all.fucking hypocrites http
@USERSKilling the number is finishing your time. No parole. You are done
@USER What if the rape never happened and she is lying? Why is her word gospel? Many women are gold diggers avengers and liars.
@USER I like that after dating for 8 months you finally understand it when I cringe at the word cock 
@USERS 11 or COPY http
@USERS Antifa isn't democrat. BLM is mostly peaceful
@USERS please get OFF first take! You yell wayy too much and you seem like you are being a asshole. When you are on set I litterly cannot hear anything but screaming. Its obvious do not like you and and was like dude stfu!
@USER does not surprise me. Texans hate Liberals w or Soros backing.
&gt Tfw She is a lesbian
@USER Gun control nuts are not allowed to be protected by the very thing they supposedly despise. She can use a knife. disarm harris now
@USERSFollowed all Patriots United States maga United States Thank you in advance for your follow back. United States #MAGA United States vote red
@USER And what can he suggest to remove himself?
@USERS You keep telling this lie. I think you Liberals believe yourselves. Focusing on those who need t most yet you have how many million sitting in the veterans budget with no intention of funding them.
@USER Zimmerman belongs in prison for killing Travon Martin. Florida needs to change its gun control laws.
@USERS I was at the laundromat just reading his comments last night face with tears of joy he was basically saying porch monkey was a term used years ago and liberals made it into a racist thing and it all just snowballed from there 
 @USER Liberals sure love to spend other people's money ! Hope and change really works well for the Obamas who are multi millionaires. Their fortunes have really changed for the better ! If liberals have any brain cells left, they'd vote for President Trump ! 
@USERS These are sick ass people http
@USERS I am sure the air that he is breathing is also bad.
@USERS Juan Williams just called Diamond and Silk a Minstrel Show. You know what to do!
@USER Where can we see where you stand on the issues? Border wall? Gun control? Abortion? If you will support president Trump and his agenda?
@USERSIn EXACTLY THE way bird DEFENDS PEDOPHELIA. POLITICIZED SCIENCE. ANTIFA RIOTS. because they FURTHER the cause. One MAN or ENTITY.totally in charge of the whole world Superstitious?
@USERS Exactly. I haven't watched in two years and I refuse to. As a former fan I think Jerry Jones is a disgrace to the people who have helped make him as rich as he is.
@USERS that is the most nonsense I've seen in one tweet ever!
@USER What will German's will give us? Gun control ?
@USERS Kate, gun safety is just a code word for gun control. There isn't anything safe about gun control. It just limits law abiding citizens. Law breakers ignore ALL laws. Wake up! You folks in MN need to get off the liberal wagon. Vote for Patriots Only . Vote Red! latin cross Statue of Liberty locomotive anchor United States 
@USERS You are under a delusion if you think calling HRC backers idiots is attacking the messenger. They are not the MESSENGERS they are the ones that signed for and took delivery of the message. But that was packaged and sent by the DNC.
@USERS Reputation? REPUTATION? She schitt her reputation away by being an ANTIFA activist! Just like good old V.I.Lenin said - a scoundrel may be useful BECAUSE they are a scoundrel ! 
@USER Hi Guy Fieri i like cool person you are down to earth i love your shows i love your red car i love classic cars.
@USERS No. he is anti antifa that means he dosn't like domestic terrorists. You probably watch CNN. you should stop for a will to let the mind control wear off. 
@USER watch me catching a plane to hungary only to beat your ass
@USER that is the biggest worry never seen such attacks on the Press i will say it until i am blue in the face if we lose the Freedom of the Press we all lose if you repeat a lie long enough people will believe it keep on doing what you are doing do not let them win
@USERS No just imagining if we found a picture of Bret holding a woman like this. Liberals will go insane
@USER They know this is not admissible so they are attempting to contaminate the jury. They are working overtime to ensure she is found not guilty.
@USERS Ciara has stopped me from doing so much dumb ass shit god bless that woman
@USERS Shit come on unc!
@USERS Aaron finding the sending if a locomotive funny. He is aware it symbolises the trains jews were sent to their deaths on.
@USER You voted to trigger Article 50. You are complicit.
@USERS maga kag trump2020 trump hero trump leader we luv trump United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States red heart selector United States http
Are all the republiKlan maga wearing traitors going to dig through their childhood toy chest just to post videos of burning ernie &amp bert dolls? ernie and bert sesame street toad mario kart traitor trump traitor toad
@USERS I can tell you are lying because her lips are moving. To think I voted for you and your lies. What a mug. The conservatives will never receive my vote again.
@USERSdo not forget Antifa &amp Southern Poverty Smear Center.
@USERS Liberals complain of not having time to evaluate records but they sit on an anonymous letter for weeks and wait like a criminal to assassinate the character of a good man at the end.Despicable. 
@USERS Jesus Christ. Liberals start young with their brainwashing
@USER do not watch moron movies
@USER Funny how he believes ANTIFA is a thing but calls himself Reality Checks. face with rolling eyes 
@USER Liberals always find a new low to achieve
@USER Vote for Ted Cruz! maga build that wall
This y'all king? maga http
@USER Another has been trying to get back in the spotlight Paul McCartney go back to England shut up
@USER Creepy Joe with roaming hands for little girls is one of the most noncreditable demonRATs I have ever seen. He &amp Jill won't talk about all the disgusting pervert actions of his just their hate and disapproval for conservatives and Trump. Like Hillary just shut up and go away.
@USER Go with meeeeeeee
@USER You know that the conservatives are worried when they try to show some heart.
@USER Good lord this woman is a dipshit !
@USER Pants drooping below the ass.
@USER Glad I basically never watch the NFL.
@USERS yes fuck yes face with tears of joy smiling face with horns red heart selector 
@USERS Republicans will never admit there is a deep state because they are part of the deep state Who really runs DC? Federal Employees &amp Appointees most of which are Liberals or Leftists. Politicians come &amp go.they are there for LIFE! http maga rnc gop foxnews
@USER Chinese spy for 20 years drove Fenstine where China wants it- reason why Feinstein realeased name of Dem activist in academia in fingering kavanaugh confirmation hearing news jobs job marketing music art fashion shop my closet florence project management crypto maga
@USER He is very perceptive Sweetie!
@USER What would you trade for Jimmy Mcbuckets? We know he is a big Westbrook fan
@USERS Red roses swarm. Conservatives pounce. We need our own verb.
@USERS Problem is your Senator Marco Rubio is on the NRA payroll. he is taken over 3 million dollars from NRA and isn't going to do anything about sensible gun control
@USERS Far-right attacks and plots FAR outnumber antifa counterprotests and attacks. This is documented.
@USERS eyes PATRIOTS &amp ANONS eyes collision old SOROS is shopping again! collision maga confirm kavanaugh deep stateURL
@USERS . it is not clear which and MPs put party ahead of conscience ld conf br exit http
. He is so stunning http
@USERS OLIVIA YOU ARE KILLING IT
@USER I protected her identity for privacy reasons
@USER Put your gun control policy on your website.
@USER She is off making weird gestures between the two of them. We. We should be friends then unless it is weird to be friends with your employees. 
@USER The monuments that will be torn down in the next 10 years? Much to the consternation of we conservatives
@USERS y'all bitches psycho
@USER .aand there's your answer. http
@USERS do not listen to him. He is a disgrace &amp just trying to score points with the MSM. Juan Williams has been very disappointing to listen to because I have liked his opinion on things.
@USER congratulations for surpassing 10 million subs on youtube Bhuvan sir you are first indian to cross 10 million subs
@USER fuck you
@USER He is most impressive at corruption and lies.
@USER and he took away the constitution from us. congress refuses to restore it to us why is that? Article 4 sec 4 was taken away. and because of that there are NO gun control laws anymore. OBAMA is a STUPID MAN
@USERS Bring it! I look fwd to the must-see TV drama where one of the most knowledgeable legal minds in the country and SCOTUS nominee will cross examine a lady re events from 35 yrs ago that has already shown that she cannot remember location or time or people involved. maga
@USER You are supposed to heed all warnings. We were there in July face with raised eyebrow United States 
@USERS Far left Antifa just a bunch of bullies who get brave when in a mob confronting a few seems everyone is a nazi if they have a different opinion
@USER he is always at the Corey of the non-issue.
@USER Fat ass. heart attack city. keep eating fat ass.
@USERS She is the daughter of her parents. All illogical hypocrites.
@USERS it is amazing how people see things so different!
@USER She is so cute 
@USER She is face blowing a kiss 
@USER Congrats Naomi! you deserved to win. you showed true sportsmanship during Serena's meltdown. I would like to apologize for her behavior. What an embarrassment for the US. She should have been ejected for arguing with the side chair. She thinks she is superior but she's not.
@USERS Let's use the TREASON laws to remove Holder from the planet.
@USER I will beat your ass.
@USER Because Obama has zero accomplishments. He is the worst President r leader of any country hands down. It shows the liberal lunacy when they worship a total loser. They do not know what they want.no party goals. nothing except complain about TRUMPS accomplishments. Fu k liberals.
@USER God did not appoint trump. The devil appointed him and I will make sure I do my part to make sure he does not get reelected by voting. He is no pious man and definitely not even spiritual. he is the scum of this earth.
Anything will Help. Thank you patriots maga and if you do not hear from me thanking any who help and share its because I am about to loose signal out here in the rain and batt will die so I gotta get to a place to plug in. Thanks again folks and God Bless http
@USER Yea. He is not a fan. He will run the score up if he can
brand matters @USER teams up with gun control group 'We simply cannot stand by silently' http
@USERS How did we get from antifa violence to charts on gun deaths and Trump? You keep moving the goal posts. From defending antifa violence by posting 60 year old kkk statistics and claiming that there is a threat to Democrat rallies like the violence Republicans experience?
@USER Bet ya Ryan cannot wait.
@USERS I thought you said the NYT was failing and fake news . So this cannot be true it is made up!
@USERSI think you are being abnormal
@USER By screaming and attacking the judge? Sure.
@USER You are awesome
@USERS And they did. PR is a shit hole run by corrupt Liberals. It was DESTROYED and it will take years and years and years to rebuild.
@USER He apologized. Blood in the water. Big mistake.
@USERS people who fail to understand the Second Amendment's purpose is to protect a citizenry from a Government takeover SHOULD NOT be talking about gun control
@USERS Report to Be sure to check his Lists to see if your name is on it. he is compiled a Target List for Antifa.accompanied by a Subscriber list. .targeting Trump supporters for Antifa. 
@USER Your husband is a despicable person. He is a narcissist who cares about no one - including you- but himself.
@USERS Look at the date of this tweet - very TELLING for suremaga http
emmy Hosts on Monday Night Take Shots at trump and conservatives - maga boycott hollywood http
 This is what a 'higher' education buys you for $300,000 ! that is why they call it Liberal Arts save america from democrats vote red to save america kag2018 maga http 
@USERS Mine go drafts too. stop this crap I am gathering proof your censoring conservatives
@USERS Only cares about herself and how she looks doing it
 @USER I've done a thing on immigration, states' rights, and gun control but no one had input. To be fair, I should do it in a better setup than a Twitter thread though. 
@USERS Laura Ingraham who followed the Russian-infiltrated NRA's order to attack Parkland victims who decided to vociferously advocate gun control and who at the time was vying for Kellyanne gag Conway's position
@USERS Your equation of the Democrats, BLM, and Antifa is funny too. it is roughly like equating the American Mathematical Society, mathematics education advocates, and ultrafinitists and believing that there exists a research group called The Ultrafinitists. 
@USERS Why she is an embarrassment 2 the whole Bravo viewing audience He needs 2 b kicked 2 the curb quickly No man is worth my dignity
@USER I know she is 15 but I still do not think it is real
@USER Childish and unprofessional.
@USERS Antifa are the fascists. But, since you have been indoctrinated, you probably do not even know what fascism actually is. Antifa are not fighting neo-Nazis . They are fighting anyone who isn't them, and they call them Nazis just to justify their hate. 
@USERS And do not forget her comment I am not some woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette but she was and she is. Thus, she is his complicit enabling bimbo 
@USERSHe'd laugh at the modern Antifa
boom @USER maybe that book deal isnt such a good idea? fisa declassification maga q a non trust sessions wow the corruption runs deep. http
@USERS Engaged in another activity INVOLVING. He is looking away from the road to a camera. That is literally distracted driving. I do not know how you are arguing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER America will be better off once you retire Flakey Jeff Flake. Go away.
@USER he is not the only one I bet $$ some these people are organizers of Antifa! http
@USERS $10 says he or she is white. Any other white people notice how many shitty white people there are or am I the only one who sees this?
@USERSThat was like a vacation with a bunch of liberals. Oops grimacing face 
@USER only the real ones .
@USER is my absolute favorite in Sharp Objects. She is absolutely sensational.
 @USER It wasn't as if he was bothering her. However, after a moment she looked up from her phone and sighed. I am sorry, growing up the way I did, I am a little bit of a hard ass, when people give me compliments, I apologise because you did not 
No need to look into Keith's treatment of his women . Dems already know that. MAGA ! http
 clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands they're falsifying a prefabricated story that is hurting women who ACTUALLY have and will experience this. walk away g or ked dems maga wwg1wga http
@USERS Not one of these journalists mentioned the arrest of the corrupt mayor yesterday. I guess they were busy not getting blown away in the wind
@USERS No disrespect oh pope but you need to step down.
@USERSAntifa tell the truth?
@USER people who fail to understand the Second Amendment's purpose is to protect a citizenry from a Government takeover SHOULD NOT be talking about gun control
@USERS oink http
@USER nigga bouta go direct traffic w style
 @USER Did you are aware about the awful management on the Baja Tri Race is happening? 
@USER The only deep disgrace and abuse of rights is your existence in relativity. Even the generation before mine knows who you are RAE. Low life opportunist. Government over people. Suck a liberal dick you alt left Nazi!
@USER Good. he is a mess
@USERS Using that thought or conspiracy then it would be safe to argue that the liberals have concocted this and are stalling in order to help the liberals interest in that. The perfect pawn would play fearful of the process thereby helping confuse &amp prolong the process.
@USER You are my best player ever
@USERSLet's just keep on maga megaphone #MAGA! Statue of Liberty Statue of Liberty Statue of Liberty United States United States United States beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes 
@USERS Remember that time cited a very clearly and well-known fake antifa account in your paper? Good times.
@USER I think Becka belongs in that room with the trash making comments like that. I do not hear you denouncing ANTIFA.who ironically models their flag after the nazis.
@USERSGot all of you- please follow back thumbs up 
danish Party that wants to deport muslims that are on welfare growing fast. Why oh why conservatives in the uk do not focus on this I'll never know. mb ga http
@USER It is so wrong when liberals are so scared of what we have to say that they try to stop us from being heard. dems want total control libs think they have all the answers freedom of speech for all
@USER Go eat some more burgers hamburger butthead!
release the cures declassify fisa United States its time lock them all up wwg1wga United States great awakening @USER winning q a non maga Guess Who! http bit chute
@USERS We must pray every single day.
@USERS She is 4 yrs old.
@USER he is so handsome!
@USERS According to the liberals yes! Guilty unless she proves her innocence! Wait are you a man? If so then No you can not be trusted ever! How dare you make a claim against a woman! Women are above the sins of man! We are perfect!
@USERS Congrats on your bravery
@USER He should worry about himself. The fast and furious scandal etc.
@USERS pathetic
@USERS Guess who is really perpetuating all this garbage? LIBERALS
@USER I am a democrat. Many do. I believe in gun control. Gun safety. But I believe in the 2nd amendment
@USER She is so frickin adorable
@USER M'eh. I bet you are easily the prettiest thing there! winking face beaming face with smiling eyes 
 #conservatives everywhere in my small red town, kids need to be spanked and put god first. They need to know consequences! . Also them, #BrettKavanuagh shouldn't be held responsible for something he did at 17! hypocrites @USER how do sleep at night? 
@USERS Politically neutral yeah sure buddy, i mean most milquetoast conservatives, even the never trump ones agree with Trump's policies, and the whole gay marriage and abortion seems like the bare minimum 
@USERS Why is this crook walking free?
@USERS You may be able to reconnect now. Mind trying for us? crossed fingers 
@USER love everything you are doing including you yourself. Your voice vibe body sound flow is all awesome and yummy. Will be waiting for the next song you make. Good luck on your journey.
@USER Total psyop at this point to anger liberals and keep them divided so they do not leave their sorry ass party.
@USER Wow you are actually terrible. Imagine being proud of getting people in a disaster zone finding water arrested. The store owner did not want them arrested and you are an awful person.
@USERS Word cause her music SLAPS THERE'S NO REASON SHE SHOULDN'T BE SELLING OUT BIG ASS SHOWS I do not know if she is or isn't but she DESERVES 
@USER She is incredible.
@USER Russia had Ivan the Terrible. FSU has Willie the Terrible. He is to FSU what Bitch Rod was to Michigan and Tango Charlie was to Texas. We pay this piece of shit $5 million to put up 10 points against our first two FBS opponents. Even Western Michigan scores 41 against Syracuse.
@USER Wow.mid way through 2018 and Theresa May and the Conservatives discover that Social housing exists
@USERSI DO HOPE Whomever that works at twitter That likes to cause Hell IT BACKFIRES ON THEM 
@USERS Doubling down was absolutely stupid. You never double down on a pair of eights!
@USER So my guess is she is getting low numbers!
stop kavanaugh send him home user Kavanaugh Allegation Conservatives Go Soft on Teen Crime http smart news
@USERS The Republicans have no sign of having a plan for any of that. And Fuck Trump , considering his failure, is a legitimate platform. it is better than the Republican sure-tragedy alternative. 
@USER If anyone knows anything please help she's going to end her life or she is already gone but if you know anything please http
@USER Two prominent backwards conservatives removed from Texas education. Looks like they're as blind deaf and dumb as Helen Keller once was.
@USERS Mueller will be fired after we win the mid terms
@USERS Hey Jim.who is that chick that likes to carry images of the decapitated? You two should meet maybe? shaking my head
@USER Always remember that you are a rockstar.
@USERS The issue is her volatile temper-she once threatened a lineswoman. Clearly the $10.5k penalty imposed was not harsh enough because she is a repeat offender. If you get caught speeding or jaywalking and are fined-odds are you think twice before doing it again
@USERS I believe he is formerly law enforcement before a career change.
@USER people that are multimillion dollar Socialist Liberals from New York. Ya no problem.
@USERS And Lambda would be on the lower end, as others are saying on the high end is trying for influence. Anyway, you are right in that I wasn't using better investment exclusively from a $ return PoV, but from a quality of life return PoV. some of that is money but not all. 
@USERS Since you are in the medical field I am sure you are very knowledgeable
@USER Do you think if we let the ECB handle Brexit &amp the Conservatives handle this new tournament they might actually make less of a mess of them both?
@USER A recycled tweet to stir the passions of men who watch porn and strangely insult the women who make it. Well done BB.
@USER Lowest unemployment rate ever recorded for Hispanic Asian &amp African Americans more jobs highest wage growth since the 1950s highest American employment ever in America history Lower taxes more educational opportunities. wecall that winning maga q a non http http
@USERS The fine people he was referring to were the military vets &amp others who had a legal permit to protest the removal of a historical statue. That isn't good enough? By your standards the counter protesters were all Antifa.
@USERS Oh for heaven's sake. face with rolling eyes 
@USERS Time will tell. Not the type to jump on the lefty bandwagon and demonize someone until they have had a fair chance. His policies will either be a huge failure like the liberals and result in losing the next election or they will be a success and ontario will dig out of the hole
@USER Brennan still has the sniffles over Cecil the Lion.
@USERSJohn Moore Called it. http
@USERS Irish will not like my tweet at all. But why was Ireland nuetral in World War Two? So Bono gives a NAZI salute.yawn.nothing new.
@USERS Nothing Russia .case closed .Yawn! maga
@USERS And that is where you are seeing what you want to see. You think these people want to look manly and powerful. I see them expressing solidarity. what a useless thing to mock.
@USER Stale
@USERS can you ask her do the same with other books bible or quran? Then you will see. May be she is part of urban naxal
@USER Democrats suffering from Trump Derangement Syndrome are desperate. Their dirty tricks won't work and the end is inevitable. maga tds walk away from democrats 2018 http
@USERS Chills' GOAT levels have rendered Kal's basic human communication capabilities completely useless. This goes to show how powerful of a unit he is.
@USERSHe has been attending meetings regularly so maybe we should consider her for Polit Bureau raised fist dark skin tone ear of corn raised fist dark skin tone http
@USER For the hol tl to see loudly crying face . that is that Big Dick energy hundred points 
@USER Eric you got alot of balls .
@USER Happy Birthday Delaney! I hope you are enjoying college and we miss you.
 @USER YUP. Liberals by which I mean fans of Liberal Democracy are all too happy to let everyone else around them die as long as they maintain a comfortable existence. it is a fucking disgrace. We need to get the ball rolling on serious Socialist organizing if we are to survive. 
@USER Canadian who came to and made good in US now disrespects those who serve and have served our country. Appreciation?
@USERS He is a total phony.
@USER launching her campaign in mississauga She is working for a more socially and economically responsible city! http
@USERS I've noticed that the 'capitalist' idea of individual rights never extends to the rights of individual to act in concert with other individuals towards a common goal socialism . Capitalism assumes that everything we do is selfish and profit-driven.
@USERS You are a great fillin for 
@USERS He is the best Warrior man shrugging medium-dark skin tone 
6 Reasons Your Right-Wing Friend Isn't Budging On Gun Control http
@USERS I could only call Corbyn out on antisemitism if I believed he was in any way racist. I just haven't seen anything to believe it. Antisemitism has gone down under his leadership and will continue to do so. The conservatives have just shown they actively support it.
@USER Good.
@USER This message was approved by antifa pussy hats blm
@USERS If the justice system is working against American values then the results of this graph would be a badge of HONOR for our great President and his supporters! Stop the liberals dead in their tracks! not baking your cake proud to love jesus
@USER Northern Ireland was explicitly designed so the British establishment could stop paying attention to Ireland. They've been indifferent since 1921.
@USER Shows the world just how useless and ineffective you are. You little whiny brat. Why not go cry in the corner with what's his nuts? Oh yeah. Acosta
@USER More misleading nonsense. it is like you are incapable of straight News. Fake through and through.
@USER This not not antifa. it is a bunch of cry babies in Toronto.
 @USER Keep It coming my Dear President Obama! Your words are powerful because of the Stellar man that you are. I sometimes think that he is more of Prophet than a President in all the wise words he thinks about and speaks about. heart suit 
@USER I wish I could join a server without disconnecting.
@USERS What a piece of shit
@USERS he should withdraw.he is hurtng gop chances I http is a credible person.the judge is suspect
@USERS Wishing you even more success in the future brave you are really a true ambassador of Pakistan. bless you thank you.
@USERS Do any Dems or libs have a real job? They sure have a lot of free time!
@USERS He is a biased liberal like most media types they still do not realize people have tuned them out long ago. They won't talk about 15 yrs of lieberal scandals or rising debt but reducing 22 council jobs will make them mad!
@USER He is telling you he knows where his bum is. Writes ass with his bottom. What more proof of higher intelligence do you need?
@USER But when Moochelle&amp Obama did it? Meh
@USERS I have to believe this is a code for signaling pedos &amp rapists world wide to do the Antifa peaceful protest.
@USER Another person that should be blocked is @ CamilleKruger42. This person isn't vulgar but has some sort of agenda where he she is copy &amp pasting every one of Ed's tweets &amp passing them off as their own. EVERY SINGLE TWEET. it is sick &amp creepy.
@USER Twitter is becoming tumblr 2013 and I am fucking terrified
@USER not at all! 
@USERS Fascism of the right is fully represented by the and protected by the who hold the left to account with their threats to tax havens. 
@USERS index pointing up selector What Trumptards will be doing to dirty liberals in November. I was patient at first but now it is clear the left has absolutely zero intention of playing by the rules. I hope President Trump CRUSHES your joke of a party under the fullest extent of the law.
@USER it is either they lookin for shit for somebody else or they creeps face with tears of joy 
@USER If gun control worked Chicago would be a safe place to live
@USER your heart is beautiful Your interior is wonderful. You are wonderful red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector orange heart orange heart purple heart purple heart rose rose rose rose rose collision sparkles sparkles sparkles white medium star white medium star 
@USER I wish liberals would keep their promises
@USER Bet your butt.
@USERS That makes no sense. Try again. maga http
@USERS This year will go down in history. For the first time a civilized nation has full gun registration! Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient, and the world will follow our lead into the future! Adolf Hitler, 1935 All gun control starts with safety . it is all bs. 
@USERS has the same lack of morals as her mother! Abortion is murder!
@USER it is amazing how low you liberals will go to suit your political agenda. do not believe you one bit. Have a good feeling you will pay the price for this . Produce some evidence
@USERS Democrats want more Gun Control! I say, Just go to the range and practice,. you'll get better http 
@USERS s without even explaining yourself which makes me wonder why you think you are thinking logically. Again I do not take my news from Orban. You assumed that twice now which makes me believe you take your news from your favourite politicians. If you read any news apart from what Ow
@USER Ahh yes we are cause some woman who comes out 30 some years later cannot be believed. Where was this liberal outrage when the guy from Minnesota was accused of beating his wife. Silent on that one libs god you hypocritical liberals make me sick
@USER I'll bet you mock disabled people too. Funny how the MAGA crowd likes to pick on the weak and support the powerful. Like bullies. Wonder who your role model is?
@USER She is so little and moving so fast 
@USERS Jesus she is the evilest of cunts
@USER Dino you are preaching the truth right now! Tell the masses where it is at !
15 concert goers gunned down in Jacksonville with 9mm Ruger P89. The NRA blames gun control laws.
@USER Amazing how Dems do not feel they owe it to unborn generations to keep ILLEGALS out!
@USERS Need help packing?
@USERS And your gun control has failed to reduce homicides. Your homicide rate has not dropped after all of those gun laws. It has however rose. Enjoy bending a knee to the people who do not really give a shit about you though.
@USER Bull ! How much is G.SOROS paying you for your statements against the PRESIDENT of out country ?
@USERSWe have the biggest balls of them all. just saying. rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing United States MAGA http
@USER This is dumb. An European Government is allowed to make a decision that affects the entire planet. Also how would they even enforce this? Are they going to bug every computer in the world?
@USER Manny Ottawa is an amature political hack with nothing but a PC agenda. Was never credible enough for the bench. He cannot handle the truth. The Liberals weakest link just joined the PC party.
 90% of these conservatives really aren't. They just found the liberal side of the aisle to crowded. http 
@USER Feinstein's gun control policies would deliver even more school shooting victims.
@USER I hope he is ok and he finds the peace that will provide him the happiness that he need
@USERS Apparently Twitter did not like your Ellison post. Screen capped anyways and will post elsewhere. maga
@USERS I know. I think they're the ones who'll be surprised about that since they think all liberals want to make gun ownership illegal.
@USERS Well she's half right. she is shit
 @USER No, no. Olivia is fine. Infact, she is here with me. You have a meeting today to discuss and approve of a new project. He replied to him honestly, Faith tilted her head to the side as she frowned a little in curiosity as she listened in on the phone call. 
@USERSI am a Warrior to Many Gardens two hearts But without my Country and Children revolving hearts Why Garden folded hands two hearts United States United States smiling face with sunglasses 
@USER Looks Like The Jokes On Liberals Again. fort trump poland booming economy http
home office releases one terrorist a week and 46 in the year to March? Report was prior to chou dary being released. I have Home Office Document in full in a link on my stream . questions asked are laughable maga mega mb ga mb ga conservatives muslims migrants http
@USERS joke - patrick moura toglo you blatantly used hand signals - He also cheated on his wife with serena - got caught and went defensive manipulative entitled sideways - The story isn't about race gender equality - it is about cheating accountability
god The Media Using Criminals as Heros to Push for Gun Control
@USERSthat is all Antifa does. They're violent and they hide. But you obviously support them. woman facepalming selector 
@USER She is discussing!
@USERS You prove how little you know about history, with each new post, wep. Wars are the failure of diplomacy, enabled by an arms industry feeding off taxpayers. Gun control is the last thing on their mind. You've been lied to, by pros in the pay of gun manufacturers. 
@USERS Harris makes herself look very ignorant daily! maga without them!
@USER Bono is a fakir. Always sticking his hand out for someone else's buck. May it be his concerts. Tax evasion. Lecturing america on Africa. Never has he put his own money up.
@USER Would be nice if you quoted her complete answer. She is right the constitution guarantee the right to face your accuser. But than enemy of the people only care about what pleases them
@USERS And conservatives are no longer conservatives why do you think Maxime Bernier has started a new party that will follow original Conservative values.
@USERS One mans evening is another's morning depending where you are it is just about 8 30 in the morning here.
@USER What are you afraid of liberals. You screamed for transparency!Now that POTUS is doing just that you are screaming to keep it secret.The truth is there. You do not want it seen.Liberals are hypocrites &amp the alphabet agencies have some bad apples involved in a soft coup. Tick Tock
@USERSNICELY SAID DANIEL ! VERY TRUE !
@USERS Yeah. that is kinda the fashy thing right now. The Proud Boys scumbags wear tshirts saying Pinochet did nothing wrong And Antifa are the ones who are violent? Please. it is been an actual fascist every time this has been brought up in my experience. Like dude here, who stopped. 
@USERS Antifa is as anti-fascist as North Korea is a democratic republic.
@USER But it might win her another term by CA liberals. She'll be 91 at the end of it.
@USER Gee I wonder why? Thank you Trudeau or Butts or Telford for killing Ontario's auto industry. Using Trump Derangement Syndrome fed by our deranged MSM to try to win the next election. Zero seats for Liberals! Defund the CBC!
@USERS Not now Hell no he offered that last year no go now.
@USER Every one is on these social media platforms arguing about who is racist and who isn't while the powers that be manipulate it to push their agendas and gain power. And shit. I know exactly what ur saying I am pretty liberal guy and i cannot stand the racism discussions.
@USER Anti American that wanted to bring NFL down because it used to be an all American sports.
 @USER But still, I am not even really trying to shit on Em. I just wanna know why everyone is saying he murdered MGK when the song was terrible. that is all. I absolutely get preferring Em, he is, and is going to go down as the more successful artist. I just do not know how he killed him. 
@USERS To what? Chicago already has thf strictest gun control laws in the country.
@USERS Yes he is
@USER Fake polls.
@USERS Brexiters are prepared that the party and the country pay the price. The gold is for them. They want to keep offshore tax havens which is in the individuals interests! Why else would they knowingly ruin a nation and its people.
@USERSNice list. Of course I am against gun control. I am also in favor of freedom of religion. people can believe whatever horseshit they like. They just need to keep it out of schools. Creationism has no place in schools.
@USER you are all recycling of liars
@USERS The term negative knowledge strikes me, when knowledge is sucked away and information goes into reverse -- away from the recipient. 
@USER I love it that the wet liberals are so frightened by the US. And yet are so keen to deal with the non-democracy that is Europe.
@USERS that is fucking rude to do that
@USER I was informed that your process takes up to 10 business days to transfer credit from an expired Myki card to an active cards - what the fuck!? zany face Do you people use computers? what a joke
@USER Liberals GAG
@USERS When a white man commits murder conservatives say he is mentally ill. If an immigrant commits murder they blame religion and nationality and smear an entire nation of people. Bigotry. http
@USERS The educational system is controlled by liberals and works to enslave the minds of our children. The chains of mental enslavement must be removed in order to save the future of our great nation United States 
@USER Do you happen to know what study Qu'ran she is using in the film?
@USER Ashole going to eat himself to death
@USER After using your product for all these years now I find out you are actively twisting the political landscape with your immense power. That action has directly affected me. You are attempting to damage me personally and I do not like it. . . . or else.
@USERS So all ddsl clubs reinvest the money and do not buy houses and cars from the money they make? Actually not sure if you are serious. 100 kids go over every year that is a lot money. You think the ddsl reinvest that face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS I think you should ask what she means. I do not think she is talking about passion. She is talking about the other destructive behaviors in youth sports. We should let her expound further before jumping to conclusions. I do not think she insinuated passion though.
@USER Radicalism like supporting socialism ? Like antifa smashing windows and rioting ? Can you be more specific ?
@USERS Well said clapping hands medium-light skin tone clapping hands medium-light skin tone clapping hands medium-light skin tone clapping hands medium-light skin tone clapping hands medium-light skin tone clapping hands medium-light skin tone clapping hands medium-light skin tone these remanics are so thick.!
@USER Radical Left ANTIFA. Victim culture. There are over 100 genders. Hate speech is an act of aggression. Free speech should be limited. No guns. Sanctuary cities. Illegal's have rights too. Open borders. Trump derangement syndrome. Voting party over platform. Feelings over facts.
@USERS Because everyone knows this is a political stunt and the GOP is going to make him Justice Kavanaugh before those midterm elections whether you liberals like it or not. that is what's going to happen and you need to just accept it. Right now you are still in denial crying face http 
@USERSTY A.J. thumbs up I cannot sit by and watch my town being destroyed by liberals. They have used all sorts of tactics to try to destroy me. I am small but mighty. rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS She is just as beautiful inside as she outside She Loves the thrill of the ride and VIB's http
@USER If we do not learn truth now before he is before confirmed there will be a lot of acrimony later when the details of the case are learned.
@USERS You conservatives think you know everything
This explains a lot http maga
@USERS You forgot he is also your president http
@USERS Honestly you people are seriously delusional! it is a good thing the majority of fans in Ottawa are Educated! Because people like you are scary!
@USER Still coverup. And bet the anonymous writer of op-ed in NY times on sept 5th was the ny times itself! No sr adminstrator of potus But cud say it was since refused to name writer .ALL TO STIR UP CRAP WITHIN trump Camp! And maga
@USER His eyes are fucking louder than his words! smiling face with heart-eyes smiling face with heart-eyes purple heart purple heart 
 #ThursdayThoughts Will @USER ever admit all the other ways that Twitter censor conservatives? Seems highly unlikely. it is very annoying to have my main feed limited with a stupid black bird ordering me to return to the top . It wont even let me go back to this morning. http 
@USERS Active shooter Middleton WI several ambulances ambulance on stand by waiting for police to clear building maga trump train keep america great 2020 
@USERS Yes you are correct and I do not get what they see in him either. I am just thankful he is no longer in office.
@USER Oh yes! Gaddafi was a real Saint. At least in Trump World he is. Ya know there is probably a viable argument for that now that I think about it. face with tears of joy 
@USERS Can you give me a better term than cultist for someone who will change their view on gun control to defend Bernie rather just admit that his record his awful?
@USER Are you not surprised to know that liberals sacrifice their own children on the altar of virtue signaling?
@USER You have done the needful and sincerely you are going higher as you can be trusted. You've proven that integrity is foremost. All the best pretty Kemi.
@USERS The realm of the imaginary can be quite powerful too
@USER Shame on the tennis hierarchy who stole that from Serena. She is a proven draw and the racists on the upper echelons just cannot handle it.
@USER The NRA supported gun control when Reagan was governor of california when black people began buying guns.
1 or or Yal stupid people tell me to back off cause he is like obsessed BITCH who has been to all the football games. Walks to class. Does literally everything for them. Knows exact dates and numbers for everything me. Only reasons I am not competition cause she ain't gay
@USER Antonio. I believe in you. I will vote for you as will my family. that is not enough. Tell me what else I can do to help your campaign. Our state is going down the drain and is on life support. Something must be done or the lunatic liberals will destroy Ca.
@USER Zarries did not start this conversation! It was a larry shipper that trash talked our ship! So how about y'all petty ass larries stay out of our mention eh?!
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http sajidjavid Productive discussions with new Pakistan foreign and interior ministers in Islamabad today. Agreed to improve cooperation on anti-corruption &amp counter-terrorism - v http
@USER antifa getting shot only brings joy
@USERS The astronauts used it! It means A-OK! BHO is photographed making the sign. It means all is okay! It was a joke to see if the Libs would bite! Boy did they! Now get the video back up! And apologize! The Liberals are insane. Liberalism is a mental disorder!
@USER I can relate completely Arlene 
.@USER You should totally follow those whack job liberals.unhinged and dangerous! Thank you United States 
@USERS Never would I trust any and especially they sold out to the and stuck Two fingers up to the people of the UK! vote labour ge2018now we are corbyn united west and
@USER does not matter to us. We gave up on the NFL over a year ago.
Agreed great idea! Wish we could also remove her from existence! maga patriots united prolife pro israel we are q http
@USERS I guess I won't sit down and shut up then missy. I have a major problem with this situation. Since none of us were there and it is her word against his should we just ASSUME she is telling the truth? Or is this just politics?
@USER A super super generalised statement. What you are saying goes against every economic meteric. One of the biggest reasons Irish or European gdp has increased is because of freedom of movement. If you feel for the taxpayers look to nationalized banking debt first! Not migrants.
@USER Just had a discussion with a friend who works with families on the verge of eviction. She is expecting an increase in the coming months due to days out of work and money spent on hurricane supplies. the struggle is real
@USER Any amount you shit fuck
@USER This is not possible. California has implemented strict gun control. Only law enforcement and those fortunate enough to get a permit can carry in public. Assault weapons are banned.
@USERS Maybe something a little more recent to help you out. http
4. Foot in the country and have no sense or feel for what is happening on the ground except from watching telegram and twitter is like watching football on TV and claiming you understand what the players are going through physically as you are sitting on the couch eating chips
@USER At least you are honest 
@USER You ARE the most attractive ever! Seriously MAGA ets have creepy taste. The rest of us know attractive when we see it! Plus we have great hair on this side of the isle! o or 
@USERS You realize California has the strictest gun control in the nation right? Or are you just going to ignore that
@USER He never should have been pope in the first place. he is a Jesuit.
@USER Too many corrupt evil beings hold Government positions amd or or have too much clout w or the corrupt &amp evil beings in gvt positions. &amp the majority all point to the left w or a few fake conservatives in the mix. Why else is Hillary or Obama &amp their cronies still walking free?
@USERS Is there no other platform they can us?
@USERS I am not a muppet. I am a 6'2 215 lbs voter who is of Puerto Rican decent that does not take BS from white liberals like you.
@USERS I am talking about Brett. He is the one that is in trouble if he does not win and make a big move
@USER He is the worst and creepy too
@USERSLove it trump wanted to do something liberals and Democrats just talk and have hearing
@USER Whenever ya'll reference the wire all I am going to think is exit stage left
@USER real shit http
@USERS He is with her. Trust that Jesus has her in the Palm of His Hand. jesus i trust in you Bless you!
@USERSAgreed. She is an administration immigration adviser. That is discouraging. She was told to do it. My bet is Miller OK hand King of the racist base dog whistle.
@USER 3 or you can not like Justin all you want but the conservatives have no plan to even consider climate change and have been using BLATANT misinformation to lead people like yourself into believing that it is Trudeau's fault we're negotiating with a fucking sociopath down south
1 year old gray or white tabby cat Orlando 1year old female gray or white Tabby. Accidentally left outside and is gone. She is part of our family and we miss her dearly. Please if anyone has any information on her whereabouts feel free to contact us. http http
@USERS Dude why do you want deep state documents to be kept secret? maga lock them up
@USER Incoming evil soy conspiracy nuts
@USER he is worried about his bottom line that is what upsets him
20180919 Chris Hall CBC The Liberals' fall strategy just hit a brick wall named Leona Alleslev http
@USERS This is so creepy. walk away
@USER THEY'VE REALLY HAD A BIG IMPACT SINCE I DECIDED TO PUT THEM ON YESTERDAY maga
@USERSWhy do the libdems deserve your anger today more than 1 conservatives 2 Corbyn?
@USERS He forgot to tell you that during slavery the Democrats were conservatives
@USER STOP LYING AHOLE! FBI ISNT INVOLVED CAUSE THERES NOTHINGBURGER TO INVESTIGATE. ITS ALL LIBERALS CHARADE TO DELAY. KAVANAUGH WILL B CONFIRMED ginsberg is next rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing face savoring food face savoring food 
@USER War on conservatism antifa
@USERS Crying? face with rolling eyes 
@USERS The rugrats believe in gun control
@USER Paid by democrats just like antifa is paid by Clinton and Soros
@USER Disgraceful. He is innocent until proven guilty. Which will not happen because she is lying.
@USER You got this. Whatever the problem you are strong enough to overcome it. It gets easier everyday.
@USER 45 is sweating. He knows he is screwed.tick rock. Orange is the New Orange.
@USERS I hope you are being sarcastic. she acted like a spoiled brat.
@USER liberals have turned everything into a 3 ring circus.
@USER Greenie she acted like a spoiled elitist brat. She got the point taken away as she deserved. If she was good enough to win today it shouldn't have mattered. She is an icon and one of the most admirable women I've ever seen in sports. She had a bad day. Move on not newsworthy.
@USER IHMYKGODOOSJ HE IS THE EPITOME OF BEAUTY
@USER How would they know if gun control worked if they refuse to try anything?
@USER Everything he just said. Is exactly why we need gun control. it is about saving lives. Nothing else matters just saving lives. Some people get bent out of shape over the second amendment. it is my right. Crying! Put your feelings away coward! put your guns away coward. Gun Coward
@USERS Or a piss up in a brewery ! Hat
@USERS Typically liberals jump to conclusions.they do not believe in due process or innocent until proven guilty.they are the most ANTI AMERICAN bunch
@USER I do not care if she is right or left go back to tv bitch one tv star in office is more than good hollywood is scum
@USER YOU ARE AN ANGEL purple heart 
@USERS Yes! Antifa too!
@USER She is also ugly as hell and not something anybody wants to look at. 
@USER All the way to prison.
@USER She is THE best facts
@USERS Can join your ranks? rimmy4antifa
 United States FOR SALE - BUY american flag usa play button Shopping-Sale .org reverse button usaflag4u shop 89 maga america first @USER trump pol827qx http
@USER brother there were a few times i dropped it and kicked it back up wit my feet and caught it. Now if that aint some G ass shit face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS Even the parody antifa page couldn't deal with this shit
@USER Hate to break it to you but gun control does not affect suicide rates. It only changes the method. Facts equals to hurt. http
@USER You are an inspiration to us all.
@USER Sen Tim Kaine is ecstatic his basement boy son has found his niche working for the FBI as a Black op coordinating &amp joining Antifa terrorist organization! http
@USERS needs to retire. She is done.
@USERS saying you are happy for someone publically does not mean you magically stop having feelings for them and are over them. Have you ever had a bf before? skull And for the last time nobody is saying she should have stayed with him. it is the messiness immediately after
@USERS Hey it is great to see the people shaking hands and hugging President Trump while he hands out meals to the people! foxnews cnn the view maga abcnews cbs news
@USER I am going to show you the difference between FIRE &amp AIR. Sam Donald Gemini unpredictable like air itself.KAHLILI MACK ARIES.He is always going to be on FIRE.Every snap of the ball every game the whole game. Sam Donald trash trash trash Like Donald Trump.
@USER YOU ARE THE COOLEST
@USERS Now Comes The Pain maga wwg1wga http
@USERS Who the hell do you think you are little Eddie
@USERS maga red wave baby
@USERS who in America isn't grateful to our military?!?!? Her husband did not die on the battle field.he died at home! She should be fighting for gun control and stronger laws regarding mental illness! is about police brutality.she should educate herself on the issues
@USERS David stop been a mouthpiece for the anti gun people you r nothing but a worm looking for fame now remember that antifa BLM and all the radical left groups are violent and hurt people too but of course you agree with them
@USERS She and Him beign a Joint Acct. Have called Me and Grok everything under the sun The Same Person Women Racist Redneck Antifa KKK Members Grannies Yes Grannies Etc it is pretty common when the Fraud Gets Busted to start calling the one's who Busted them hilarious names
@USERS Tis funny you assume I am left or a supporter of antifa even though I dislike nazis. you are still a ball washer though. beaming face with smiling eyes 
@USER For all I know you are naming off sex robot models
@USER DEPORT! California KNOWS Trump supporters are going to be out at EVERY ELECTION to VOTE REPUBLICAN! HEY HEY HO HO ILLEGAL ALIENS NEED TO GO! hey hey
 This Week Will Make the Clarence Thomas Confirmation Hearings Look Civil and Agreeable http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS you a dickhead for that face with tears of joy 
@USER AntiChrist. The Roman Catholic Church is a House of demons.
@USERS Juan needs to check himself. He is completely out of control.
@USERS Funny because he is a dildo!
@USER Hmmmmm face with monocle face with monocle No one is doing anything so maybe do not change pitchers every batter. Also if he is this genius maybe he should realize this team peaked a month ago.
@USERS The hell with the liberals. Move them all to California and build a wall on the east border
@USERS Only conservatives pounce.
@USER The Democrats do not care. They will do anything to undermine President Trump. people had better realize how serious they are about getting rid of him. Vote Red or suffer under the liberals.
@USER She is not leaving BB
@USER I said it yesterday. He is literally a walking embalment.
@USERSI notified Twitter last night of my tweets not being seen &amp I cannot see many of my follower's tweets. Also while was testifying last week in the senate my QFD ban suddenly disappeared. Minute my tweets steer towards politics NOTHING goes through!
7 car and truck ramming attacks in Europe and America's gun control lobby http
@USERSYelp. I lost confidence in them when they gave a local staple a good review. The hamburger was fucking grey. I swear to god. Grey!
@USERS Yeah she loves pointing out people for her rabid anti-Nazi Antifa-loving faction of supporters to, I do not know, give stern looks to? Let's be real, she either wants her minions to disrupt her enemies by heckling or making a scene or worse. 
@USER Yeah she is
@USER A lot of people in America have serious concerns about the amount of lying you and your ilk are doing
@USER Character assassinations are a survival technique for liberals
@USERS She was on the 81st floor of the North Tower. She is an example of the fraud perpetrated by Red Cross. They raised an enormous amount of money and then did not dispense it to those in need like this woman.
@USERS We know it is a strategy conservatives have. not working http
@USERS But to go all antifa on people like friggen Milo? I do not buy that conservatives who like medicare don blackout and then going millennials for antifa protests.
@USERS it is the Liberals plans to destroy our Judeo-Christian culture and replace it w or this irrational just science. http
@USERSYou have got to learn how to let go of the past you are living in a new millennium.
@USER But 10kg of an already shite allowance because EU workers are lame as fuck is a proper piss take
@USERSmaga trumps warrior vote red to save america
@USERS She is so cute
@USERS - you are better than this. You should rethink your decision to be part of it.
@USER Democrats are getting everything they deserve.
@USERS Sure hope he remembers the Libs efforts to shaft him after he is confirmed.
@USER Ahhh the left wing liberal Democrats.
@USER You are amazing and I love youuuu!
@USER Why in the hell would I do that? The left already hates me enough. Black conservatives aren't liked in this country. I comment and fight because of that.
@USER Disgusting. pedophile
@USERSI follow all these MAGA Patriots United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States United States 
@USERS We must run in different Twitter circles. Because every time posts about NCAA it is maga american that comes out the woodwork in support of the status quo.
@USER You mean the same way the liberals and Dems are already taking them away?
@USER He is the best
@USER If you seem like a nice person? Maybe if people got to know you they could see that you are worth to be cared about?
@USER I know a whole lotta people spitting a whole lot of bullshit right now I do not know if youll ever see this but I pray you feel no way responsible for what happened today. You have already been through so damn much. Just know that you are good you are great I love you.
@USERS He is a point guard whose assist to turnover was 1 or 1.
@USERS locomotive maga patriot q a non walk away wwg1wga gods army the great awakening jesus lives United States catch the red wave vote red ME TOO! ALL ABOARD THE trump train http
@USERS Very fair points however, the facts still remain 1. Mr. Ramos did his job as every referee or umpire does in any sport. He did not deserve to be called a thief . 2. Serena as great as she is let her emotions get the better of her and embarrassed herself, Ms. Osaka and the game. 
@USER Cause you are taller than me and I always get excited to see you. 
@USERS Because that is how it works in sports when you chose to represent a country that is the country you are known for when playing that sport or for achievements in that sport they're not taking away from her Haitian heritage they're just using the country she represents in the sport
@USER he is Alt-Left. None of them use logic or make sense
 You are! My prayer is that you are blessed with someone you know like that also. Someone who feels your basic human rights are worth protecting. Especially your God given right to personal privacy. 
@USERS Obama never laments for those that are killed in Chicago every week. Chicago his old stomping ground. Ask him how those draconian gun control laws are working there? And watch him blame Indiana.
 #NazisAreBad Their programs called for the nationalization of education, health care, transportation, and other major industries. They instituted and vigorously enforced a strict gun control regimen. They encouraged pornography, illegitimacy, and abortion,. 3 
@USERS stop br exit peoples vote and need to listen to the experts! woman facepalming medium skin tone http
@USERSCan you tell I haven't eaten yet. Hangry
 @USER furries can suck my dick, this is both an offer and an insult 
@USERS I think she is implying that men do not give birth! How dare she
@USERS do not let your bretheren fool you! EACH ONE OF YOUR Republicans, NEED TO DECIDE IF YOU ARE GOING TO BE GOOD people or re punk li cans You NEED TO KNOW, that kavanaugh is going to make ronald grump into the first dictator of nazi usa which cannot happen! http 
@USERS Ok lang administrator we understand. Praying that you overcome whatever problems or hardships you are into right now through our Lord Jesus Christ. francis aglabtin2tulognalang
@USER Why not begin the movement by giving away some of the farms and mine claims you and your connections took while you were still relevant. That way we can show your concern for us. From where I am standing you are just another bitter polutician. Charity begins at home baba.
@USER One of a kind she is
@USERS that is correct. Talk to the trees and rocks about how great Antifa is. They cannot give you any feedback. people can see how sick and demented Antifa is. http
@USERSLikewise! heart suit 
@USER I am frothing over all of it so far. drooling face drooling face .the goodest shit. smirking face 
@USERS Have you noticed that kavanaugh hasnt actually answered any real question posed on Roe v wade or gun control and even civil rights
@USERS Fair point but i did not make the meme and couldnt take the big Government sucks off of it. And besudes meddling in many counties politics and economics. He funds antifa black lives matter to try and divide we the people to try and tear the country apart http
@USERS You can make fun of liberals that come up with fake stories.
@USER Hey remember those storage bins they recently found full of supplies that were in Puerto Rico Puerto Rico but never given out. ask your mayor
@USERS And he is signing briefs on behalf of Special Counsel Mueller.
Keep Texas RED cruz United States We are the MAGA CAMPAIGN
@USERSI'd rather not make JRM PM. beaming face with smiling eyes 
@USER Vicious steps. Republicans defended on advance in hearings and Liberals only response was to 'out' the liar and claim Republicans were defending him because of Feinstein's 'info'. Real women do not lie about men. honorable judge kavanaugh
@USER Google anti-American? http
. and so it begins. &lt &lt &lt &lt The unfair and biased and unjustified targeting of Conservatives in a massive CENSORSHIP OF CONSERVATIVES Exercise . &gt &gt &gt &gt pray4theusa pray4 revival
@USERS Gun safety reform? What exactly does that mean? Do you mean gun control?
@USER I respect you so much. I love what youfe doing regarding our youth and our culture. Thank you for loving your people. You are loved and appreciated. Blessings multiplied you to you!
Just a reminder to mark your calendar to vote in November if you want potus45 to have any chance of maga trump2020 http
@USER I swear to god . This shit is too real man
10 Signs YOU Are a sales zombie man zombie selector http marketing sales retail style http
@USER NESN thinks he is the favorite for the cy young. Nope.
@USER Holy crap. I did not realize it was THIS bad. Thanks for posting this.
@USER Thank You Iron Lilies For very Beatiful pics with Harley Davidson Bikes This Looks Like an Easy Rider Modified Sportster http
@USER Are you really Michael Moore or are you Rosie in drag 
@USER We are Casually fucked 
@USER All it needs is warm beer and I'd be back in college.
@USERS Yea it will be revealing what she is now put through as to why she did not come forward.
@USER Can you Confirm! That you are a PATRIOT http
 9 Well all sides except us conservatives. We are still striving 2 be reasonable with completely unreasonable opposition. How do you get out of gravity of a black hole with the moon lander rocket? You cannot. What you need is a star destroyer warp drive. So why act like we can?
@USER BS still boycotting NFL.
@USER Antifa ate my homework.
@USER Fake news.
@USERSGod wants us to die to ourselves. To put down our selfishness and seek Him and His will. He is so awesome. The depth of his eternal love is so humbling and awe inspiring.
@USERS I am not sure about your point with gun control and the NRA but I agree with you about selling liquor and still wanting people to drink responsibly. I would not be able to do it but I understand people in that industry do which makes good business sense for them.
Her dog ate it. votered2018 no voter fraud no california democrats build the wall no sanctuary cities no safe spaces no homeless citizen no amnesty no pelosi no waters no harris no newsom no schiff no lieu no f einstien no voter fraud walk away patriots united maga pardon my french http
@USER Democrats and liberals have dragged this out far too long. The American people are tired of it. Confirm the guy and move on. How convenient that this guy is about to be confirmed as a US Supreme Court Justice and someone accuses him of sexual assault from high school. ridiculous
@USERS This is priceless they will get to relive this in 2020. Go trump
@USER hmm i'd do something like getting really high quality artists to draw really boring cars like a fucking 2002 grand prix or something
@USERS HOW DARE YOU! Kappa
@USER You are being super cute with your hormone story's and I hope all 3 of you are well
A cute girl that I've had a crush on since earlier this year just called me funny and I want to throw up
@USERS Is it gun control OR anti 2a? I haven't seen a single ad attacking 2a. that is just rhetoric to create fear.
.theresa may Today I can announce that new longer-term partnerships will be opened up to the most ambitious housing associations through a ground-breaking 2 billion initiative.the first time any Government has offered housing associations such long- http
 @USER Yes, yes she is. And he is fully aware. I am fiiiiiine. 
@USER Congratulations google finally revealed as The Chinese controlled company it has become
@USERS BOOP POLICE DEPARTMENT FREEZE OH SHIT SHE IS TOO CUTE OPEN BOOPBOOPBOOP http
@USERS antifa had their sites on Collins for awhile. too soon
@USERS Could be either. Liberals like this have no shame and will do ANYTHING I suspect it is the latter.
@USER He also said he had a gatlin gun and niggas that sit on the corner like boxers between rounds
@USERS Attention! is publicizing a Target List for Antifa on his Twitter Account. This list has high profile names and NAMES of random Trump supporters. PLEASE check his list for your name AND report him to 
 @USER I tear up from laughing so hard every single time I see this. Priceless. CNN should scoop him up for ANTIFA rallies and weather stories. Creative cameraman job at worst. Elaine would say this guy is sponge worthy Come on CNN, hire this guy as a creative consultant at least. 
@USER You are no longer relevant Bob. Shut it down. Have a great retirement.
@USER But with an active membership in Antifa and a book that looks like the Imperial flag of Japan. http
@USERS Oh no! That sucks loudly crying face what if you are sick face vomiting nauseated face 
 @USER I mean, that occasionally works when arguing with liberals or centrists, if you can get them to give up the idea that Socialism Authoritarianism, the problem is that conservatives have long since given up the idea that administrative measures are ever the right thing to do. 
@USERSAum Rand really ? There are few people hat I ostensivly dislike she is definitely up there. she actively encourages vice. Also science is kinda the product of skepticism so that makes no sense.
@USER We the people Not you the poitician
@USER He was either looking to pray or for prey. zany face 
@USERS Ezra is a cockroach who needs to have light shone on.
@USER Constitutional Republic Micheal. This is not Greece 2000 years ago.
.@USER thank you for being who you are and never shying away from it! For being beautiful and smart and real and black and joyful! For showing that Black woman can be more than the boxes the world puts them in! You are a legend! I cannot wait to see what you do next! goat http
@USERS I do not care how many girls thought he was wonderful.all it takes is one young woman to be attacked. She had therapy because of what he did to her. So do not insinuate she's lying. She is a respected professor and has no reason to make this up.
@USERS Thank you mama cookie she is my long distance cousin. She will treat you well.
@USERS Since I cannot do it can you PLEASE call and tell her none of this is her fault because honestly people r being so vicious to her rn and I just hope she is okay folded hands http
@USER Democrats haven't done anything but cover up .so all you think you have a solution .ya do not.you want gun control.? How about abortion control. Free medical. Free ed. Quit tripping
@USER He uses common sense
@USERS Evidence against Manafort was substantial and beyond reasonable doubt on 8 counts. He was found guilty in court, any other spin is useless. This is how our system works. If Manafort had problems with verdicts he can appeal them, he is not. 
@USER HPLYK FUCK
@USERS Like no one has ever crossed the floor to the liberals. hypocrite
@USER Poor Baby. This is why you and your entire network CAN NOT be trusted. The only people still watching CNN are brainwashed liberals and demonrats. http
@USERS Maxine is a CRACKED POT and should be run out of town. What a loser she is. grinning face What a joke she is also.
@USER I know right? he is like the biggest fanboy A 
@USER You kept a SCJ seat open for over a year with Merrick Garland. It is not fair to push Kavanaugh thru. He is the most unpopular nominee ever. The American people deserve better than this. The woman deserves better than this.
@USERS Typical response from liberals when you are making a strong statement that is hard to argue with. megaphone .BOT! Great debate Angie. maga http
@USERS Sorry about your son. I am sure he would not want you to be hateful. I am not going to question your support for Trump. You have your reasons and that is fine. I think you are above jumping on the hate bandwagon though. Just an observation.
@USERS I did not have them in school. did us no harm. they are a distraction and you are in school to learn. http
@USERS So Kerry thinx because an anti leftist narrative has bin spread+ 'heard' by everyone in Washington that it qualifies it as.Fact? that is not how facts work you dumb leftist! that is called an intentional smear spread to create a lie to use as a talking point for desperate Dems
Shop http 80s breaking fort nite android kung fu fantasy movies trump maga 80s tech texas trending sunday motivation maga gop game of thrones beard men news breaking kung fu shop shop online tx sen texas http
@USER He is in jail
@USER paul george
@USER Holy shit I love her?
@USERSif you really cannot see the hypocrisy that is antifa then you have obvious drunk the cool aid.
@USER I wish your commie ass would show up to an antifa rally.
@USERS Oh.July.so like 35 &amp 3 or 4 years ago. NO. that is a difference maker. I had no idea! Please share your thoughts on serial woman abuser &amp Antifa lover thinking face 
@USER equals to British Biased Corporation News Blatantly Backing Conservatives News http
@USER What do you care! You are going to prison prison regardless. http
@USER Free speech is alive but not so well since all social media platforms are run with a strict dictatorship of opinions by libtards.
3 or ? EEA migration boosts productivity and innovation and has NO IMPACT on the training of UK born. Another @USER lie nailed. http
 @USER Isn't this bodyshaming ? Good to see the feminists and liberals have no issue with bodyshaming, as long as it is directed towards a man. 
@USERS did not think I could have less respect for whoever she is until now.
@USER I wonder if they are sex traffic victims?
@USERS Sheesh. conservatives should quit while they're behind. Obnoxious.
@USER Just came here from the video and man am I discusted by greg seriously he is taking advantage of his sons fame.f %k greg. fire 
@USERS cares a great deal about how he is perceived. The number of people who died is largely irrelevant to him as long as he does not look bad. Not sure how blaming Democrats fits with Trump's amorality and lack of empathy but his inability to take responsibility fits.
@USERS In our house this is known as the sadim touch , the reverse Midas, when everything turns to ratshit. 
@USER You are welcome to bring a court case to the Seychelles
@USER is my guy! He is my god son
@USERS is culturally appropiated a Latino nick name. latinos for trump
@USER Did he miss his head? This is a total lack of gun control
@USER If someone is being too nice to you at happy hour and asking probing questions about what you do at Pub Citizen.make sure to troll them and say you are with Antifa or something.
@USER oh my god i am so sorry you have to go through that but once she is out it would be worth it i love you austin and ell and lets not forget about the new baby you guys are such good people so keep doing what you do best and keep inspiring me and the other ACE FAMILY members i love you guys smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS Gun violence is low except in Democrat controlled cities w or strict gun control policies where criminals are armed and citizens are not.
@USERS You liberals sure are a delusional lot. ! http
@USERS Why? do not get it? Must be all the liberals that left California for Texas for jobs. They are trying to make Texas like California . Poor natives
@USERS You are .
@USER Nothing but an ad for Gun Control! We going to keep our 2nd amendment rights Fred!
 @USER After slamming the book shut, she carefully balances it on her chair's armrest. Very well. You are forgiven. With a flick of her wrist, she motions for him to lift his head. You stand before Vei'Aran Xilhatarra, First of the Argentborn. Why have you sought me? 
@USERS would be great to see you in a scene for 
@USERS Super storm Sandy hit the North East. I agree with you though. people here have a bad idea of the east coast and it is pretty cool. The north east gets all 4 seasons at least. We get rain and summer.
@USERS Instead of making up talking points about a culture of responsibility how about you all start taking responsibility, by apologizing to Cincinnati for blocking common-sense gun control measures this year and for your dog whistle tweet smearing 
@USER I always knew that is how Biden and Obama felt about conservatives. it is just shocking that they so easily admit it now. No wonder there is such hatred and violence on the left!
@USERS I just do not get why the majority of liberals do not show there pic just curious is all.well with that being said I must say I enjoyed bickering back and forth with you.its been real.you have a nice day. beaming face with smiling eyes 
@USERS He worries about antifa while he invites and poses for pics with known neonazis. SMDH
@USERSDid I?
@USERS islamism &amp The left including marxists progressives socialists &amp w or their shock troop brownshirts antifa trying to subvert our constitutional usa republic
@USER Cam always finds a way to get the job done. Whether he throws for 130 yards or 330 yards. that is why he is as good as he is and that is why he is a franchise QB. he is made chicken salad out of chicken poop on numerous occasions
@USER get your shit together
@USERS No but it is relevant in showing that gun control laws DO work. The number of deaths via mass shooting went down in the US between 1994-2004 during the Assault Weapons Ban
- because- She is also wearing black leggings or boots. This attire was later shown to be her outfit in Route 01 ene bot
@USERS the fact a Liberal crosses the floor only indicates that the CPC's platform is more palatable to Leftists than to true Conservatives. Thanks God for Maxime Bernier.
@USERS That makes zero sense as you are conflating biogenic with non biogenic emission sources.
@USER There was once a convaluted theory Nixon was deep throat.
@USER Star tv
@USERSThe other is the symbol of pedos as confirmed by the FBI http
@USER China's theft of IP. Is between 400 and 600 billion in economic value. Stop that for MAGA.
@USER Execute him!Put him in the gas chamber !What a joke these liberals are !
@USERS You are wrong. Time for you to shut your mouth. You remember when you sent me these TWEETS? Now you know why you are getting Tweets in return
@USERS politics live Since the coalition everyone knows if you vote you a Government never again
@USERS He is really bad. Glove always turned the wrong way. How is this possible for a major league catcher?
@USER AA Mr. Bean should crawl back under his rock.
@USER She is
@USER A lot of democrats and liberals are even criticizing him for giving him the hug he asked for!
@USER hiya sexy p s bolna xxx
@USER You are though
@USER As if we did not already have enough reasons to not watch.
@USERS Somehow I thought Harambe was gone and now that big ten led silverback is out in a book tour? Wonders never cease
facebook IS A TOOL OF THE left liberal democratic party . THEY'RE CENSORING CONSERVATIVES @USER maga midterms 2018 nra 2a 1ab confirm judge kavanaugh confirm kavanaugh constitution day usmc navy army air force conservative http
@USERS And people take pride in living in a place where survival is a moment to moment struggle a d everything is just shit. They feel tougher and stronger than people in successful pleasant educated clean areas not plagued by violence and death. I've been that guy.
@USERS Antifa is much much smaller than white supremacists in America and responsible for a fraction of the violence. Also NAZI'S ARE BAD!
@USER re Ford when she was 15 where were her parents. Are liberals or corrupt politicians All going collude with people to come up with stories from Years ago that cannot be proved. And to the Senator from Hawaii she's the reason women have a hard time. Life ain't easy.
@USER By acting like a spoiled brat? Women do not need that sort of help.
@USERS This Pope has to go.
@USER Never going to happen. Bernier split that party. They won't be in power. All the hard core conservatives out west are with Bernier.
@USER K nvm fuck battlefield http
@USERS Tonight Show? Is that still a thing? Who knew?
What the hell are these leftys talking about. They will say anything to stop Maga. http
@USERS She IS the coolest thing in tennis. Way cooler than her opponent tomorrow. By such a long shot. class cool a int for sale
@USER What about Trumps promise on the border wall or do we pay for his lie what about gun control and innocent lives taken
@USERS time for MAGA to flip it! hugging face 
@USER But she's OK with killing babies
AUGUST 2018 Read the best of NEW NOVEL Story Pitches http
@USERS I agree 100% &amp then some! Please go to work ! that is 49 Senators who need to please take a stand against the Obstructionist Liberals! Quit allowing them to make you look inept! Lead or Resign! http
@USERS And yet she walks the woods surrounded by peace and tranquility! She is SOOO not missing any sleep over trumps distractions crooked trump rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing his so transparent. Americans are smart and we can see the lies! country before party
@USER It seems that the more often these types of events occur the more the gun control and safety debate heats up. I believe eventually state legislatures will pass laws providing schools with better protection but it is sad that these events have to occur in order to push the agenda.
@USERS Too bad he cannot write a law to take away the stupidity from liberals.
@USER this is exactly who you sound like. Complete dog shit. Been meaning to tell you this for a while. long cox http
@USERSAbsolutely.
 Ruth Bader Ginsburg came out saying she was groped by Abraham Lincoln. t cot maga red nation rising http
@USERS And we do not need Levi jeans who just jumped on the gun control band wagon.
@USERS This picture I love it Because it speaks volumes You are in your element And you looked peaceful hundred points http
@USERS Liberals have had 2 years to play this game. an extra week does not matter. Everyone was well aware who the likely nominees were. Kavanaugh has been a top name for many years. Liberals have always had him as a target
@USERS Yup basically another dead cat http
@USER You are here
@USER Now Beto will have three excellent opportunities to sell Texans on gun control and open borders! slightly smiling face 
@USERS Sorry to break it to you but the god of the bible is actually just a lesser god from the ancient Sumerian and Babylonian religions. The bible itself isn't unique in it is claims nor is it unique in it is inability to substantiate said claims. Try again.
@USER This nigga is everywhere face with tears of joy face with tears of joy .I cannot escape his spews. it is now time
@USER And people think gun control will stop violence?
@USERS Plus she is a REAL reporter and has the courage of a platoon of Marines. shaking my head.
@USER why why why have you let Feinstein stop the vote for judge Kavanaugh with a coney letter she had since July and have you seen the letter. She is not someone to talk after her 20yr spy no one has investigated
@USER Embarrassing for the liberals.I wonder who those women raped in school face with rolling eyes 
 . bring our railways back into public ownership, as franchises expire or, in other cases, with franchise reviews or break clauses. We will introduce a Public Ownership of the Railways Bill to repeal the Railways Act 1993 under which the Conservatives privatised our railways. 
@USER This is an outstanding thread and expert insight- ESP about the Reagan years which I studied in college. He is spot on and there was such a titanic shift begins in the 90s with rhe Contract with America bs to the immigration issues in CA prop 187 
@USERS You won't hear it here! Jobless claims lowest since 1969 four years before you were born . DOW in record territory how many times now since 1 or 17? . Got to be a pile of shit in this room of ponies right at maga
Americans are a people of the creed a family in faith formed by an idea and united in defense of the singular concept of liberty. wwg1wga maga http
@USER You are.
@USER You do not agree sexual assault is more serious than marijuana use? How many baseless allegations are supported by therapist corroboration 6 years beforehand? There's evidence and conservatives are afraid investigation would make it more convincing.
@USER She is one UGLY and DUMB woman!
@USER No way! She is!
@USER This liberal is pissed that anyone would give that disgusting pos an award for equality. And.f. you. for including all liberals in this bullshit decision by the HRC.
@USER Agreed.he is the future!
@USERS YOU should be FIRED. You are dead to the public for your FAKE NEWS Why do not you show him approaching the crowd? Scared . If you cannot stand the fire Get Out of the Kitchen.
@USERS Enioy! You are going to rock it Jackie!
@USERS I think she is a hypocrite and loyal to the evil GOP. Vote her out.
@USERS The FBI has already done 6 investigations on Kavanough. How many more do you whining liberals need? face with rolling eyes 
 2010 conservatives slash housing Associations annual capital funding from 3bn a year to 450m - 25bn over 10yrs 2018 theresa may announces groundbreaking housing initiative of 2bn for the decade 200m a year houses selector #HousingForAll housing crisis housing market nhf18 http 
new york state republicans &amp conservatives democrats who do not want Cuomo need to vote for @USER for governor He is the best &amp sharpest choice. http
@USERS never again We need gun control. it is enough! Do something 
@USERS John McEnroe is older than you are
2. The reality is that Alleslev's crossing over more like double Xing to the CPC is good news for the Liberals as anyone who seriously believes that the cons are a better party has questionable intelligence &amp judgement and the Liberals are better off without her @USER
@USERS Well they've run out of space that isn't environmentally protected. We do not live on an island of infinite land
@USER Holy shit
@USER only the arm? He really sucks at gun control.
@USER You'll have to tell me your secrets over dinner sometime
@USER totally agree with you with the double standard. Why is there always a sexist argument when it involves Serena.She is not the shining light of the WTA. Carlos was just doing his job. Serena smashed her racket and had three audible obscenities against Ramos. Shrug.
Bert and Ernie are puppets or dogs are not children or there are only two genders or and there will be two terms maga @USER
@USER was she physically threatening the boys or us? was she completely slandering their name? no she wasnt. I am honestly not for her saying that shit ya of course. like ya she said it and fucked up. but at least she owned up to it and apologized. but death threats is way out of line.
@USERS This asshole Lies about Republicans
@USERSAntifa unmasked and up close!Hey is that who I think it is? p.s. They are SO STUPID no one told them a white raised fist stands for White Power so Thanks D MBASSES! http
@USERS All part of a plan by Conservative's Budgets! Even a layperson like me knew that it was exactly what would happen by cutting policing! clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands to 
@USERS Hi! there is your unroll Thread by 1. OK. Something very strange is going on. Holton-Arms, the exclusive girls school of fraud Blasey christine blase y ford maga http See you soon. robot face 
@USERS Jason you are better than this re-tweeting click bait .
@USERS She probably did not think it would get this far. I hope the little sleaze does not go to the hearing and I hope if she does that they will prove what a liar conniving witch she and the rest of the Liberals are.
Maga booked with the boys clinking beer mugs sun selector 
@USER She is buttering the media up. Guilty.
.@USER I urge you to stop Facebook from censoring conservatives. http
@USER Ellison has done FAR worse and there's hard evidence! Nothing is being done in that matter! maga
@USER Another sick liberal face with hand over mouth 
@USERS Antifa otherwise known as NAZI Brownshirts I never thought of that comparison before, . it is ironic that they're the one's that call everyone else a 'nazi' for disagreeing with anything they say, . 
@USERS Thanks David. Was always helpful and inspiring when I was a student. He is greatly missed.
@USER Americans need to realize they rape and kill easily because of their environment. We absolutely have to close our Borders until proper vetting is implemented.
@USER Same with gun control. CHL hiders do not commit gun crimes. Same laws with pit bulls?
@USERSHello dear sweet Carreen. I am great. I hope you are too and that you have a beautiful day
@USERS Yes.she is
@USERS how long will it take for one of the biggest arsehole's to appear this millennium get humiliated and exposed for the corrupt fake lying toad that he is? http
@USERS The bad &amp the good are both part of US history. Excluding painful memories will not change the truth of what we have gone through. What's important is to learn from history so it won't repeat. Changing the facts would be akin to Antifa tearing down statues to erase the past!
@USERS Let's keep the same energy when talking about gun control after a mass shooting
@USER So fuckinggg cute smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS Dam girl you have awesome boobs I bet you are a very sexy MILF
@USER About Time!
@USERS How convenient a conservative dummy believes people are selectively unemployed.Conservatives always try to use this type of propaganda. No facts!Just their warped conservative beliefs. it is very clear.Many conservatives like do not have the ability to learn or think
@USERS Absolutely NOT. should stop the dream act immediately. build that wall end daca
@USERS grinning face You are welcome. http
@USERS Keep your mind open. conservatives republican maga shadow banning america first trump patriot walk away walk away from democrats fake news http
@USER Carrey is truly mentally ill. he is completely disturbed with no concept of reality.
@USER I cannot wait for Kavanaugh to throw gun control in the garbage can where it belongs.
@USERS Oh Yes. He is a coward.
@USERS But we can do better. As evidenced by the Giffords Law Center study on Gun Control versus Gun Deaths. http http
@USERS Bye bye Flake you Flake! do not let the Senate door hit you in the behind on your way out. 
@USER Why isn't she is custody? I understand she cannot be in general population but she should be in custody and in some sort of holding cell.
@USER Aw. He is so sweet. Sharing food is significant. How rude. Did they eat well? No!
@USERSA fad is a fad
@USERS The beautiful people still do not get it.Shameful! keep digging 'Dregs of society' support Donald Trump. maga http via 
@USER listening to your show yesterday morning on DFLA an obvious yet completely missed thing jumped out at me. False flags. First thing antifa-types do is post inflammatory stuff on websites and then report it as proof of racism.
@USERS - liberal from the top down
 @USER Be patient with us we have autism Cap! 
 Non-Union Submissions Alex is currently taking submissions for a show working tomorrow in Long Beach. She is looking for MALES who appear to be African-American or Hispanic looking and can portray. http
@USERS We do not support gun control in Texas. So long Beto!
@USERS I hope whoever gets seated - kick and cry all you want, someone WILL get seated - they're a liberals worst nightmare. Everyone can look back and say we really fucked ourselves by not confirming. do not act like you are protesting Kavanaugh, you are still protesting Trump's win. 
@USER Bit thanks for your concern. he is a competitor that wants the world as his oyster. wants to play and try as many sports as possible.
@USER I thought that I could not dislike anyone more than your father but I was wrong. You are even more PATHETIC than he is. Your children must be so proud to have a father who behaves like you. Tick tock. mueller is coming for you too pathetic little man jr
@USER While for Republicans there's no difference in % of AGW belief between PhDs and college freshmen because conservatives are more open-minded people who are able to question consensus plus tend to get degrees in more practical fields like eng. instead of airy fairy artsy BS.
@USER face with rolling eyes She's NOT claiming rape! And FBI does NOT have jurisdiction! The day said they won't do it more than once he is had 6 FBI background checks if there was anything they would've found it Also HOW do you investigate something when complainant does not even know WHEN or WHERE? maga
@USERS The historic moniker for the Tories is The Stupid Party. American conservatives test out with lower average intelligence than liberals.
@USERS A national treasure she is. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER If you stand up for what's right? The Conservatives were mad one of there's crossed but it is ok for a Liberal. that is double faced!
@USER Proud. Shit is fire no matter what weather you are in. No matter if your house temperature is high or low. Everyone's just too pussy to get in the water for 1 min. because after that you get used to the temp
@USERS Oh God. This hurts my brain. No one can libel anybody. Internet companies can control thier content in any way they want. But claiming Twitter is libeling Jones is an entirely separate issue from the bullshit censorship claim. Just.work it out before you tweet.
@USER did you watch the music video for jackets hrgggg i love hank's dumb ass
@USER i feel like his face will never change. he is right in the middle of our mom and his dad.
@USER You Conservatives want to talk about scandals! Really? Let's get started. If you have the balls. Let's get busy you chickens.
@USER He is so cute
@USER She is perfect
@USERSHe knows nothing about gun control? Says who?
@USERSCalifornia needs this man in the worst way. The liberals have almost destroyed that state.
@USER that is awesome!
@USERS westminster tories br exit United Kingdom murder rate london What a facking Khant angry face angry face angry face http
@USER you know Scott does not care about gun control. He has done nothing to help our children fight For gun valance stoppage in America. Vote to help our kids in school. Vote DEM. Trump lied to them with him .
@USERS School misconduct allegations? That sounds like he was chewing gum in class. I think he is being accused of much more than misconduct 
 . I am smarter than he is, I would be fine, he can punch me all he wants and it wouldn't work. And by the way this wealthy New Yorker actually earned his money it wasn't a gift from Daddy -Jamie Dimon smiling face with sunglasses $JPM 
@USERS Could WE get some honest Law enforcement agencies to dig into Chinese Spy chauffeur. He may have been sexual assualted in High school. Funny how an American citizen did not qualify for the job. VOTE maga http
@USER Antifa is bad how hard is it to say that? http
@USERS One really horrible incident I could show you hundreds of antifa but they did not kill anybody YET!
@USER You liberals have decided to walk that dangerous line to allow accusations without any basis whatever. Suppose someone accuses you of abusing your children. do not you have the right to know who it is and on what basis they make the charge? Well?
 @USER The killer was shot and wounded by one of several armed civilians . Did you hear that? Yes, I am talking to you gun control advocates! Not all Americans appreciate how privileged they are to have 1st and 2nd amendments. 
@USERS I am a strong supporter of I believe he is the only President to live up to campaign promises. BUT TO SET THE RECORD STRAIGHT HE SHOULD CLARIFY HIS COMMENTS REGARDING DEATHS IN PUERTO RICO. IT SHOULD BE ON TWITTER FOR ALL people TO READ.
@USERS The OG dream i believe is what you are looking for . If you watched all games in this tournament vs leetpro you would notice a pattern. Never the less insane game and I am glad I witnessed it live.
@USERS There should be a serious FBI investigation into this woman's motives behind this political hit job. This kind of shit is NEVER done to anyone other than conservatives. Such bullshit.
@USER Oh shit stay safe! !
@USERS is checking their privilege! http right side of history big tech
@USERS She is a junior and has better priorities than a lot of adults
@USERS Meh should be asking and about their blatant disregard for truth in the gun control discussion now present in the country - this is why criminals have no fear. Government misdirection! http
@USERS is virtue-signaling and will be the downfall of the when future sports writers look back on this.
@USER You are awesome Connie ! Enjoy vacation!
@USER ACLU is insane. The antifa democrats are violent and should be declared a domestic terrorist group.
@USER The beauty of the marketplace of ideas is no one is forced to bite their tongue or to cheer unless they so choose.
@USER What the hell are you talking about? The only threats are coming from gun control nuts made against her kids.
@USER I did not think about violence towards antifa when I was a kid. Boy how times change.
@USER Any mention of using the 25th Amendment on obama would have had the left screaming racism.
@USER do not be europe http
no to kavanaugh He'll REVERSE Roe vs Wade-women's rights He'll SUPPORT Special Interest He'll PARDON Trump if indicted He'll DESTROY American Healthcare Act-ACA He'll FAVOR the NRA &amp STOP gun control He'll vote AGAINST LGBTQ rights He'll VIOLATE immigrants http
@USER Antifa also opens windows to let some fresh air in too!
@USER I condemn Israeli actions on the basis of international law. When you count angels on the head of a pin you are doomed to endless debate and mind games.
@USER We have nothing to lose in dumping rump asap. He is a menace.
@USER Holy Shit! He is still alive?
 @USER -Do you believe this- it looks like a new movie Peppermint is a shoot them Up from the Hollywood Gun Control Crowd. What say you ? 
@USERS Truth. All you need to do is see what any of them threaten if even moderate gun control proposals are seriously talked about.
@USERS Conversely you apparentl do not care about kids unless they are shot at school &amp can be used to promote gun control. Funny that AR you hate so much is used to kill far less people than criminals do with their arms and legs. When do you start calling for everyone to be dismembered?
@USER I will always tell her she is the worlds prettiest girl. To me like other dads she always will be. http
@USERS Our African United States friends do not get free college. The Demoncratic are putting illegals over United States people. These Antifa Ninja Turtles running around acting like jihadist and never lived a real life experience. Most of these Antifa colleges kids are White privileged themselves. http
@USER He is so generous with his offers.
 @USER This is not the will of the people, since you did not ever mention your intention during your campaign except the vague reduce the size of Government which we al interpreted as provincial Government. You can bet your ass we are not going to forget this 
@USERS Gun control? This is a really good example why it is a bad idea for cops to be the only ones with guns. Having a gun really close is the only thing that might have saved this poor man.
@USERS Tommy Robinson speaks the truth and finds himself in jail? Le Penspeaks the truth and now she needs a psychiatric evaluation? America wake up! Vote Democrat and this is your future and your kids future! Democrats or liberals support muslim extremists !
@USERS Look at Chicago Washington DC and other areas with the strictest gun control laws and tell me that the people that are not able to arm themselves are safe. I'll wait.
@USERS they couldn't elect her the first time '08 yet we were supposed to pick up their leftovers in '16
@USER China is Communist all Chinese restaurants have to close now because I am not comfortable
@USERS Yeah they showed up in America and themselves Antifa.
@USER Shame on them willing to ruin good man over a 36-year-old groping accusation she cannot prove. They're rabid liberals who do not want a Supreme Court justice who will follow the Constitution. it is all about politics. Shame.
@USER Comey has pissed on the us Constitution.he is a rat and needs to go away or face consequences
@USER This actually supports gun control. he is alive.
@USER Go to hell! This is NOT Queen for a Day. I believe you less and less with every bit of bullsh t you pull. you are nothing but a lying Demonrat! maga trump2020
@USER As we say here in the South bless her heart !
Maybe he was smart enough to get on the trump train and tired of getting run over by it! Unlike you and your sycophants. http
@USERS Any critique of Bernie's objectively horrible record on gun control is met with he is from a rural state or He has a D- from the NRA As if I give a fuck why his record is horrible. And then there's this stupid shit http
@USER And this coming from the sick puppy liberals at the Beast.
@USER you are so sweet heart with arrow i hope you feel better soon!
@USER I have said it before this was Political decision by the Ball Government. that in the end will not only Finnish the destruction of our wild salmon fishery but will eventually show that it will end up being a gold mine for people like Mr Antle &amp all those liberals with a vested interest
@USER hey tina goodmorning 
@USERS Probably have their violent liberal Antifa in full force showing us just how much they really care about any humans. Nope I'll never fall for their fake sympathy garbage as long as they pay to have strangers beat to a pulp by KKK hooded thugs. Never!
trump was walking towards a crowd excited to see him. He was reciprocating the love. That moment was about the reception not 911. It was genuine and honest. Barack is nothing more than an actor who fakes crocodile tears to call for gun control.
@USER Thanks for being a bad bitch we CAN believe in http
@USER Can it be an alert that he is resigning?! thinking face thinking face thumbs up medium-light skin tone 
@USERS liberals do the same thing?
@USER face with tears of joy it is a shame some people like you are so obsessed with never admitting you are wrong
@USER He is still one of my favorites http
yemen tries gun control http the economist
@USERS Gun control laws that do not have any control on guns. Hopefully a new mayor and Government support can help the city. God bless this woman and her family.
@USERS what the fuck Orrin Hatch 'Even if Kavanaugh committed rape 'it would be hard for senators not to consider who he is today'
@USER And he is planning to run in 2020? Joe lost his natural mind.
@USERS by the way - Guns are inanimate objects . it is the evil soul behind it that pulls the trigger. http
@USER That asshole has so much nerve. Unreal.
@USER You are the only queen just know that
@USER looks like Misha
@USERS Is she a memeber of antifa? http kag2018
@USERS .and no---if the polygrapher is a good and he is it is very easy to tell the difference between a nervous response and a deceptive one.
Fisa drops FULL Servers can then be released or introduced? ALL Horrors finally exposed? Public made aware? dark to light House of cards q a non great awakening wwg1wga ib or maga mb ga w tobrex it @USER
@USER Yes he is.
@USER He is going to be OP asf for the first few weeks http
@USER . that is. fine i guess. - - by the way sammy what part of japan are you in? would it be possible for us to hang out? O 
@USER Talk about a kangaroo court! Is this what you Liberals want? One person's word able to destroy another person's life with NOTHING to back it up. If so you are sick.
@USER 6 million dollars for 2 years left on a contract? WTH was she really doing there?
Who does your hair? Only asking as my pussy is getting bald and I am thinking of trying some new comb-over to hide the worst of it. old age problems maga http
@USERS Who has what to lose? This entire thing is to block Kavanaugh. Because he leans a bit to the conservative side and was nominated by Trump. This is the liberals playing games. If you cannot see it you've been brainwashed by mainstream media.
@USERSGreat group I follow all except the top two because they do not follow back winking face Retweeted.
 @USER Well if you are so sure this will work. I can hold on to the notebook if it still is available. Plus I can help try and keep the Junko part of your mind away. Apparently being a part of the Blood Tribe makes you naturally good with technology. 
@USERS From some resist dork that probably refers to the POTUS as frump or drump or tfrump? I will refer to her however I please. Frankly she is Ms. Psychotic Leftist Activist Lunatic Dr. Ford. Better now?
@USER Vigano should come forward.reveal where he is.reveal all documents.and be on board helping prosecution.
 @USER He should be ashamed of himself. Did Michael Moore start the term on the internet called a troll ? I think he is an ancient troll that is coming into his age with the liberal hysteria and their guided ignorance. 
@USERS I hope you realize that you are loved. let somebody love you life 
@USERS it is hard to say for sure because the thing was sooooooooo dark. Almost like DC hasn't learned a damn thing from their disastrous run of films.
@USERS He is entitled to tell his side of story.Then judge.
@USER to be honest if you are doing international adoption you are pretty much buying a child woman shrugging dark skin tone . people do spend a lot adopting children because our system allows people to baby broker for profit. In America if you are going through an agency you are in part buying a child
@USERS Tell B Coach Fulk says hi! Miss that kid! He is a shot blocker!
 @USER 2 or 3 You were on TV claiming to be a journalist when Kagan was sitting there &amp still, you have provided no examples of you berating her for using the Ginsberg rule, to evade giving her personal views on hot button cultural topics like gay marriage, abortion or gun control. Why? 
@USERS . and will continue to support these absurd spending bills. Most conservatives will continue to gripe about Ryan and McConnell while giving Trump a total pass. http
@USERS speaks in nothing but dog whistles. Who does she think she is fooling?
@USERSI am calling people that hate antifa fascists. Anti-Fascism! What do you call the opposition to anti-fascism?
@USERS He has been on the take.Ukranian money.he is dirty
@USER Get shit poppin
@USERS WARNING, CAUTION WHENEVER A LIBERAL MAKES A STATEMENT, THINKING people MUST DEMAND THAT DETAILS MUST FOLLOW. EX. MOORE'S DEFINITION OF RIGHTS MEAN OPEN BORDERS, RIGHT 2 SQUELCH FREE SPEECH, DEPICT L&amp O PERSONNEL AS OPRESSORS WHILE CHAMPIONING ANTIFA. NO LIE TOO BIG OR VICIOUS! 
@USERS Colin refused the offer he was offered and the is grossly overpaid
@USERS A foolish statement from a church leader frightens you? You are way too easily frightened! I appreciate that you do not like - but it is not as though other religious leaders never say anything foolish. Even you.
@USERS So pointing a toy gun at armed police is part of the libs gun control strategy?
@USERS and i do disagree with moffats philosophy behind the doctor not liking endings. i also do not think its impossible to say that both things are true the impact of claras death is undercut AND there is a lesson for the doctor. clara is as much ready to die as she is to keep on going
@USER that is okay!
@USER Go roger I quit watching anyway nfl is on the way down the people are moving kids to soccer golf tennis shame but kneelers are killing the game
@USERS McEnroe is a fucking legend. And he hurled abuse at everyone! Now he appears in commercials yelling at people and movies yelling at people. He is an icon. Do you think it is fair?
@USER I believe he asked people 2 vote out aishwarya because she is mentally unstable n has mood swings
@USERS A liter of filter semi-skimmed milk costs 85p per ltr retail in Tesco School children drink about 35 ltr of milk per annum That works out to 30 pa at retail prices - repeat RETAIL There are 1 million kids allowed school milk Parents are being ripped off to the tune of 10 mil
@USER Yes Respecting the studio's budget and shift in demographic But lets be honest. We want more. http
@USER The reason liberals should be deported. They are just to sick and twisted to fix.
@USERS this crossing proves very little. It only goes to show many are disgruntled with the lack of leadership of . But understand Mr. Scheer there are many conservatives disgruntled with your lack of vision and leadership. Hence cdn poli
@USER Are facts a dangerous line? A hate Trump liberal activist makes a 37 year old claim that is completely out of character for Judge Kavanaugh and we shouldn't question it? This is a total scam and I am fed up with liberals turning our SC Confirmations into the Jerry Springer show.
@USERS Jokes are funny if the person saying them does not really hate whites and Christians. that is a National past time for liberals these days. Funny stuff.for the Louis Farrakhan crowd. Racist crap by any barometer.
@USER I am 1001 you ass
Stand with America! not with kap boycott nike maga http
@USER And how much will you have to say once you are in jail? Your whole family are criminals
@USER you at the prospects game? fat bastard
@USERS Sorry but antifascists and left leaning people need guns for defence unlike what some liberal pundits are propagating with their gun abolition rhetoric. I used to support gun control but I do not trust leaving the state to have even more power over the majority worker class. Also
@USER I thought it was because you weren't very funny and lacked in talent as a comedian.
@USERS Oh no is he going to start painting hideous pictures like and peddle socialism and gun control for everyone but himself. 
@USERS There were no abuses! that is the point Bill! You just did what liberals do. Condemned a man with zero evidence. If a conservative woman would of accused him? Maybe! Seems only liberals get groped! Go figure! What are the odds ? 
@USER Boycott the NFL
@USERS Soy boy is a slur against liberals. I wasn't calling you anything.
@USERS it is a con and a mighty big con. And by who the Conservatives is that not so 
@USERS How about gun control for starters?
@USER Baekhyun. woman bowing selector How are you? Are you eating well? I am inactive these days sad but relieved face bcz of my project and assignment. Anyway I miss you tired face And you better eat proper meal unamused face When r you coming here? I am sorry you are busy but i miss you. Take your time ok. Tata waving hand light skin tone See you later winking face 
@USERS Liberals are vile vicious and disgusting http
@USER He'll be replaced. . . . . . . . by another Muslim.
@USERS As suspected this is about derailing Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation because he is a conservative and will adhere to the Constitution and the law. he is not an activist judge which is what they want.
@USER Just plain stupid she thinks she's being clever but come the next GE the public will make the Tories pay by casting them into the political dustbin for yrs to come see how smug she is then
@USER eyes sitting here thinking he has a killer porn stache
@USERS it is hilarious that liberals think there's an equivalency between using Senate rules to keep a nominee from being voted on and bringing someone out to accuse a nominee of sexual assault 35 years ago. Once again just showing how sane you are
@USERS Never going to get used to people vilvilifying teachers.
@USERS Actually what caused these tragedies is FAILURE OF HAVING GUN CONTROL! You have GOT to remember that there are a bunch of people in this country that could do so many things to harm people.
@USERS 1. Depends on what you mean by gun control 2. Because they are? 3. it is called lobbying. Been around forever 4. Neither does gun control 5. Assault rifles are already banned
 @USER Here are the people who Hold you up and who YOU hold up. 1st Photo They are beating a Republican Korean War VET. 2nd &amp 3rd Photo ANTIFA is Beating Minorities, LGBT and Kids Because they are Conservative. The LEFT, YOUR LEFT is all about shutting down FREE SPEECH! http 
@USERS You are reciting conspiracy theories now. Have fun with that.
@USER this photo does you no justice. http
@USERSAsk them. You guys are just using this topic to avoid answering my questions about Antifa crashing and being violent at PP organized events.
@USERS Hold the damn vote. Iowa voter chiming I am here. Wuit the damn Liberals game and stand up to this crap.
@USERS Not just liberals there is minority of Republicans with more brain cells than a rock!
@USERS H1v3 does good videos &amp you do good work occasionally why focus on other activists rather than be productive? You might not support Antifa that is fine. Yes it has some funding from Soros undeniably does not mean everyone is paid by Soros.
@USER HE is Satan!
@USER YOU! Need to leave a lot of shit in the past this tweet is literally made for you
. or Ooh! you are the Capricorn Capricorn! crystal ball Your Today's Matches sparkling heart Love Scorpio Scorpio winking face Friendship Gemini Gemini bust in silhouette Career Libra Libra crystal ball Your Today's Star Ratings two hearts Love slightly smiling face Mood money bag Money necktie Career backhand index pointing down Bal says. http
@USER he is as ignorant as it gets
@USER . what's so hard about doing that? conservatives have un-remembered thousands of descriptions of things they've read in THEIR cherry-picker bible.
@USERSpm me
Women were treated as 2nd class citizens for thousands of years. We are supposed to be an enlightened society. There's NO reason women should not be treated as equals now. Sexual assault is a crime! FBI needs to investigate kavanaugh @USER maga make america great again
@USER I mean if he is willing to move up for Canelo. Then i want to see him vs a Charlo or Hurd then
 A 5th columnist always imagines himself as a patriot. that is how traitors rationalize perfidy. . . Clearly the deep state, the steady state, the swamp, or whatever you wish to call it sees itself as above such nuisances &amp trivialities as elections. http maga
@USER Carrey should be shut up for good
@USER Oh the Liberals will shove race in everything!
@USERSFollowed all Patriots and retweeted
@USERS But the judges decision was totally biased as he is a personal friend and university prof of Tory's.
@USER Because he did not do any think Sorry that not true you and Obama screw the American people when ever you could!
@USER Its a hail mary pass to show her constituents that she is fighting so that she can get reelected. I think this will backfire against Democrats. I hope you all watched Justice Ginsburg &amp Thomas one because-Span saying that this nomination is a ridiculous display against a qualified man
@USER He is leaning the wrong way
@USER 18 USC sec. 2383 et al. Time to press Federal criminal charges on Eric Holder and the other swamp scum. http
@USERSVery very proud of Flotus
@USER thanks for the following and together we can help MAGA and KAG but most of all thank you for your service and your sacrifices for our country
@USERS well done so many people will benefit from medical research hope it all works out matt maga
@USERS Saul does not suffer fools. And he is impatient with people who are too lazy to read and learn.
@USER me too movement only applies to leftist liberals and inner circle democrats. Others need not apply.
@USER You are such a losing Democrat.No one believes what you say.You speak well but part of crooked Democrats.Pers Trump has done more for the USA than any other President put together.LOSER
1. How is that gun control working in Chicago? 2. Only the military has access to Assault weapons. Is your ignorance from old age or are you still working for the Chinese. http
@USERS Like hell he is hurt. Do your job -Randy Orton. Do you have ears?
@USER we do not want socialism. We do not want open borders. We want better gun control laws. We want our immigration laws fixed. The buying power of our dollar has decreased since Trump took office. we want healthcare for everyone but that does not mean we want socialism for everything.
@USERS you are a fucking idiot
@USERS He is a sick individual I do not care if he is the Pope or the trash pick up guy. Sick and bring to justice
 @USER skating is WAY better than before. Visually it does not looks a ton better, but it runs smoother and crisper for lack of a better word. I am curious how 17 and 18 feel now if I revisit them 
@USERS We will never give up, we will never give in, we will never, ever back down and we will never, ever surrender because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. President Donald J. Trump ! maga vote republican 2018 votered2018 america first keep america great
@USERS Think about why the NDP one it is because people are sick and tired of how conservatives run Government and the UCP was supposed to be a different type of conservative but it is not
What EVERY DAY post-#FISA declassification is going to be like FOR PATRIOTS. great awakening drain the swamp maga @USER Perp walks will make spectacular Christmas gifts q a non http
@USERS A big Thank you to all these stupid celebrities. Events like this will only serve to help Republicans in 2018 and 2020 elections. maga http 
@USERS He is according to every religion on Earth except for compromised Protestant sects like episcopalians
@USERS luddites eh should embrace tech gig economy thursday thoughts http
@USERS westminster tories br exit United Kingdom br exit e ers Exactly why the uk is getting out of the eu FFS angry face hungary tries to defend its borders &amp the tyrannical eu dictatorship stamps down hard angry face third reich angry face angry face http
@USER I get several of these per week as well. They all seem to be stranded in Ghana or something like that and need me to transfer money to them. One used the picture of Polish model Ewa Sonnet do not ask me how I know who she is. 
@USERSOh you did not just tag @ jack http
@USER oh my god! Did you see that almost victim had a chance to shoot the incompetent criminal with a gun. We need better gun control laws.
@USERS You are absolutely right
@USER Mom better watch out for the Moron's hands. He has at least 17 accusation of sexual harassment charges. He is also affected by Pee stained skin due to his liking to be peed on!
@USER Oasis says she is happy to oblige http
@USER He is competing for worst president again.
@USERS I am betting she only has to submit to a blood test if she is a driver in a vehicular accident where a death or grave injury occurred.
@USER I never call you an American! maga
@USER But please get a better barber first.
@USERS She is trending
.ya commie pinko.#MAGA http
@USER you are like a real life cartoon character! I love and respect the shit out of you for it. Keep doing you
@USERSReally? Where would you position ANTIFA?
q a non wwg1wga maga WOW! Worth watching! http
@USERS Ooh but coming from Mr.Rapist We are all the same alias and one person A 55yr old Antifa Granny Go Figure Sept.30th couldn't come anytime sooner isn't that right Brother Grok Old toothless will be getting a rude awakening along with his Housewives http
 @USER And until you gain a greater understanding of that hatred, and how your blanket endorsement just by putting maga and expressing your ignorance to platform by putting anti-openborders in your bio, you are going to get hatred in return. 
 @USER Please do not confuse Liberal with progressive . We are all liberals at heart. We do not force our beliefs on others. The same cannot be said for lefty progressives. 
@USER She is a biggest Thing she as fail everywhere else
@USER I cannot loudly crying face loudly crying face he is already 26
@USER going to boo his ass regardless now
@USER And does this surprise any of us TRUMP SUPPORTERS! Not at all. We have heard him accused of everything that can be imagined! We still stand BEHIND Our President Donald J TRUMP! United States United States United States United States thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up 
@USERS it is a heritage to be proud of . Antifa destroy Nazis http
 6 So clearly team conservative is striving to uphold the notion of virtue and ideas and reasonableness while liberals are completely violating the social contract to score political points. Again, it does not work if both sides aren't upholding their end of the bargain! 
@USERS Aside from the whole meat is murder nonsense, coastal liberals claim the smoke gives you cancer. Austin tried to ban it in 2015 but it got knocked down. http 
@USER Girl bitches aggravate me!
@USER The old fool proved he shouldn't be leader of the Liberals when he mouthed off about the Sky takeover by Murdoch.
@USERS Is it being awarded by The Onion?
@USERS You been reading Q again, right? that is what Q says. I believe it too but still. Sessions is virtually invisible. RR is there to stay. He is NOT going anywhere even when the FISA docs released to public. Won't be COVERED AT ALL by the Shitstream media. Nobody will ever know! 
@USERS it is easier for Pod to believe both sides are terrible. Then he does not have to honestly look at the conservatives.
@USER Isn't there a Statute of Limitations on sexual assault? Hurry up and confirm brett kavanaugh before the Liberals invent some other accusations.
@USER Eric Holder should be tried for treason eric holder crimes
@USERS Please clarify what subsection you are referring to.
@USER too disconnected
@USERS Well it seems like there was some reason why conservatives feel the need to rush this nomination through. McConnell mentioned a long time ago that this was one he was worried about because of all of his history.
@USERS Trump hasn't given up anything. He is profiting from his office and basking in the power and attention.
@USER I lived through the era where conservatives literally tried to argue that gay rights would cause the collapse of Western Civilization. No exaggeration. They used he fall of Rome as their example somehow. They now want to pretend that they did not vilify us. Ugh.
@USER Hitler would be so proud of David Hogg http
@USER BS has no clue what comming out her mouth.WRONG
@USERS drama queen- we r loving this booming economy more jobs! it is THE ECONOMY and You are against us - you need to chill have a coke and a smile!
@USER Too funny when bum ass Antifa is trying to take the high road.
@USER Americans need GUN CONTROL!
@USERS Why do all you liberals insist on trying to control everyone in America? Why do you insist those of us that work hard for our money have to give it to people who do not? Why do all you liberal millionaires keep your millions while forcing me to give away every dime I make?
@USER You are on the middle between regular stretcher and a bariatric.
@USER He is brilliant.
@USER Shit you right face with tears of joy 
@USER you are killing me! We landed in PHX 30 min early from SAN and have been sitting on tarmac for 40 min. Now officially late looks like I am going to miss my connection to OAK. This sucks!
@USERS Now they have really sunk to a new low ! Hope the show BOMBS ! The entire thing a set up by libs just like everything else they are doing ! Roseanne rose was the show ! MAGA United States 
@USER Just focus on Price stats when he is behind the plate. winking face 
 United States VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT . BECAUSE IT REALLY DOES ! United States drain the deep state maga http
@USER by the way When do we get to the dog kennel on the roof of the Station Wagon part? Now that is Dog Whistling http
@USERS how about charges against Ellison with 911 calls to validate and this was not when 17
@USER You are so wrong. Although I haven't had a Whopper in 40 years
@USERS And your fans keep going back and forth between it is not in the report to the police or she is lying 
 @USER Preaching to the choir. Cannot be repeated often enough though. Yet, in deep red states conservatives keep getting elected. Time for a national adjustment. crossed fingers 
@USER I call her the Negative Nellie who lives in my brain. I constantly battle with her. She is a creep.
@USER If deGrom was actually as great of a pitcher as you say he is then he'd hit more homeruns.
@USERSHaven't seen that one but I do remember the drops bout the saudis &amp to me that was one of the biggest things that nobody talks bout. The saudis owned our politicians so when they were arrested &amp money seized that was huge cause they also fund BLM Antifa &amp other anti American orgs
@USER He is following orders. Simple.
@USER he is butt hurt just like HRC.
@USERS simonsays Jack Viney eats bricks for breakfast oncoming fist Favourite moment of the game was Melkshams colossal celebration. He is one of our heart and soul players. http
@USER Chicago already has the toughest gun control laws in the country. Democrats want to disarm law abiding citizens but criminals will always have guns.
@USER Good Evening. Can you tell us your location and which direction you are traveling so we may investigate? Z
@USERS You are a good man! I love people who love animals!
@USERS GUN CONTROL SUPPORT IS HIS DOWNFALL.
@USERS Liberals do not address. They insult and attack.
@USERS Proud of you too! You hold down the fort for us on sensible gun control. TY! enough is enough
@USER By arguing a call? The media and you are making it a big deal
@USER Too many Republicans or Conservatives perennially bringing a knife to a gun fight is how Connecticut has ended up a basket case state. If you cannot stomach matching your adversaries aggression level you will get steamrolled. Every 4th grader knows this.
@USERS Telling Liberals, Trump is your President . 
@USERS Must have writing his material.
@USER Who is Cheney? you are the second person who mentioned her and I have no idea who she is
 @USER Now you understand why we on the right do not budge on gun control. it is not to protect range day . 
@USER Imbibing at F75 if you are around. Love to have a cocktail with you before I head back to Denver tomorrow morn.
@USERS he has never gave any information or said anything that ended up being true. Most likely cause if he is producing w them he is not allowed to share info
@USER He does not want to give anything to POTUS!
66% of Americans want tuition-free college 67% support Roe v. Wade 68% support stricter gun control laws 70% support Medicare for All 78% support teaching kids about climate change 82% support congressional term limits 91% support criminal justice reform http
@USERS John. You are winning them over one by one. Be patient.
 @USER if you are trying to use the word pet as in like. a term of endearment towards another human you can just use chouchou 
@USERSTY FOLLOWED ALL NEED ONE FOLLOW BACK HOPE TO SEE THEM FOLLOW TO maga kag
@USERS Nice. That is so true. No life trump haters. Funny thing is trump done everything good for Americans and America yet these anti Americans put trump down! Amazing that people act like Trumps the bad guy! EVIL is the liberal democrats &amp the band of haters. Antifa blue wave 
9. You are cute all the time http
@USERS Yeah sorry girl but he is right if you actually look up the history. They were created in LA to fight back against violence by Bloods or Crypts
@USERS A visual representation of the gun control movement and why we are tired of the demands http
@USERS Says the one who has one follower and following two. I stand by my original text. Demoncraps equals to COMMUNIST expose the deep state enemies of the state military tribunals maga trump walk away q 
@USERS Michael, I really liked that movie, The Patriot , with Mel Gibson. MAGA ! 
@USERS She is a courages patriot
@USER The entire idlib border is filled with HTS http
@USER But gun control
 @USER your ANTIFA army are the dregs of society . I pay taxes. 
@USER You are my hero!
@USERS LMFAO!
@USER Why are you telling them to not do this? I encourage Antifa shits to try this and get dropped. Less of them the better.
@USER Conservatives aren't violent - liberals are.
 #ThursdayThoughts I wonder how many liberals would take the word of a woman that accused their husband, son, dad of groping 36 years ago? A BIG FAT ZERO! We can not allow people 2 destroy any man's life without 100% proof they were violated. it is a tactic, not the TRUTH. http 
@USER We are playing Clue based on a high school party in the 80s when a federal judge was in his teens. Does anyone really take this seriously?
@USER Damn is she ugly!
@USERS Gun control saves lives . face with rolling eyes 
@USER Dude you are so right. one just triggers the other upside-down face 
@USERS . asks to respond to criticism that the Liberals only care about anglophones when it is time to get their votes. Couillard says that is not the case I think people know my sincerity on these matters. quebec 2018
@USERS Also Jaclyn is either crazy stupid or she is straight up lying to people about the Morphe return policy. That is also deceptive and predatory
@USER Right!? Good grief.he is just perfect smiling face with smiling eyes face blowing a kiss red heart red heart 
@USERS She is really talking nonsense. can she talk like this for Bible and Quran?
@USERS I'll be worried the day Conservatives support Trudeau. Quelled surprise they do not like the way he is handling something.
@USERS When some one is defaulter and you are FM. Ideally what should a FM must say when he meet dafauler
@USER Good luck on your future endeavors.you are surely going to be missed sad but relieved face 
@USER She is my friend
@USER This is not a new tactic for the left. This is actually their go to tactic they have used throughout the decades. This is a playbook right out the Nazi-socialist playbook.The democratic socialist are today's neo-nazis. Aka antifa. the great awakening maga q a non
Soooooounds like an AWESOME plan ! Next he is going to be pulling money from Medi-care &amp Pensions to pay for all the Golf Cart Rentals for his @USER detail that watches him struggle to stay on the fairways on all the Golf Weekends he swore he'd NEVER have time for maga http
@USERS Hillaryous waa boo hoo
@USERS I kind of feel like AntiFa are terrorists.but maybe I am overstating it man shrugging selector 
 @USER Top 5 liberal excuses 1 Racism 2 Sexism 3 Russia 4 Guns 5 Rich it is what liberals do when they are losing and desperate. VOTE DEMOCRATS OUT! 
@USERS You know what wasn't in his apartment after? Him. And that is the fucking problem.
@USERS Just saw it. Still vague though. He does not confirm if he is done or not though.
@USERS -Student loan debt relief -Increase minimum wage -Stronger gun control laws -Reforms for election process -Stronger environmental protections -Affordable housing for everyone -Stronger protections for women's rights -Net neutrality
@USER A MASSIVE TOOL
@USER Holder should be in prison
@USER Bitchhhhhh I am jelllll
@USERS YOU ARE SO PRETTY OH MY GOODNESS
@USERS Lord Of The Pies should kept his because ck holster shut. Nobody gives a toss what you Hollyweirdo's have to say. maga
@USER Take a stand against all violence! Talk to your ANTIFA friends.
@USER Big O - you are right - you do not lose to Gabbert
@USERS Says one of the thickest cultists on Twitter. Irony at its finest.
@USER She is one big embarrassment to the American public.
@USER Better think back!
@USER oh my god flushed face ! He is?
@USER Cue the liberals' moral shunning of society for a minute as they take a break from trying to ruin Brett Kavanaugh's life &amp humiliating his family.
@USER For all those conservatives that were so troubled to explain things about cigar's. How outraged are they about our current president?
@USERS Such a fucked night 
@USER So Glad Your Back folded hands Hygs Love You red heart Getting Ready To Do A prolife Presentation maga http
@USERS what if the cops are part of the antifa
@USER Wanted to be sure you saw the latest from conspiracy theorist Devin Nunes http
@USER She's hiding! Republicans do not have an Antifa!
@USER California should consider passing some gun control laws.
@USER try meditation and breathing techniques!
@USER She is textbook colonizer
@USER Go home has been
@USER If they picked a more suitable song it would be great
@USERS has been the inspiration for the rise of violent fascism in America? He hasn't really endorsed or been a advocate of antifa though.
@USER So you are saying THIS official is suppose to go back and recall every other violation that was let go and than rule? Silly ass argument. She was out of line he called it. that is like saying billy Martin did not get thrown out in 1975 so how can buck showalter get thrown out
@USERS . i sent your way for dinner. She said she met you tonight but What she did not tell you is that she is Clemson legend like you are an Aggie yell leader legend. She cheered at Clemson and is a ESPN commentator for Varsity!
@USERS YOU ARE WELCOMEEEE! I also love your other song! You deserve an Island D
@USER pres trump has the right to release classified docs if it proves this investigation was biased before it began. Its almost 2 yrs later and mueller has nothing on trump. Damage of his presidency has occurred due to the liberals who are against him
@USERS Anyone rating 100 RIfles as better than Deliverance does not deserve the right to be read.
@USER ANYONE interested in achieving REAL social justice instead of just pursuing the Left Wing fascists identity politics insisting that all minorities must HATE white folks they would be protesting the HUUGE Multi-National Corp's CEO PAY being over 100 times the ave workers pay
@USER Looks like selling her sole to the Hater Liberals is now weighing heavy on her. They are now wondering is upping the money transfer to her will work.
@USERS you in front of me I am in front of you See you or love you What to do I do not know. How did this happen You are mine See you or love you. beaming face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy http
@USER girl you are SO beautiful weary face smiling face with heart-eyes 
@USERS You are so pathetic
10 restaurant diners fatally shot in Corpus Christi with .357 Ruger Blackhawk revolver. The NRA calls gun control research 'unethical'.
@USERS Louis Farrakahn called. He said you are doing a great job of parroting his ideas. Means you do not have an original thought and that you are actually the puppet here .
@USER Just finished saying to my wife that Conservatives are not ready for the likes of Stormy thanks for everything Stormy
@USER Why do liberals always say they're moving to Canada if they do not get what they want? They never seem to offer to move to Venezuela or Greece or other failed liberal countries.
50 miles from Springfield to Worcester March for Gun Control is technically Hillary Clinton since Chinaly Chanvong wears a Wellesley College sweatshirt. Get your facts straight Mark Zuckerberg.
@USERS They did have a trial just a separation. Over 500 kids without their parents and lowlifes like you are thrilled about it.
@USERS He is complicit in the abuse of young men. Why would he care about a woman. He make me sick.
@USERS that is exactly what he is.
 @USER it is kind of like when a mean old woman says that a pretty young one is Ugly and untalented just because she is washed up and will never look like that again. For one thing it is catty, secondly, it makes her look like a jealous hater and has-been! montel
@USER yep.unfortuly he has proven what establishment supporters on du said about him.why in world did he support bernie.he is all in for trump which is why i have him blocked afte rpreviously following him ont witter and youtube.
@USERSAHHHHHHH yes! it is Amish Brother and Antifa Warrior Jaquonadiah. Thank you for clearing that up
@USER shit does not feel real to me. then again. life is very whack and i do not like how it is set up to begin with so. I do not know.
 @USER She is like one of those bag ladies you see on the street or a bus, mumbling, cursing out loud, talking to herself or anyone that will listen. Please, GO AWAY! http 
@USER god you are adorable
@USERS This from a woman that had spy by her side for twenty years and did nothing vote her gone oh wright she is gone even her party not supporting her vote red
@USERS Not to mention the outrageous amount of taxpayer dollars spent on her for this Taxpayers Funded 'Unprecedented' Armed Protection for Gun Control Sen. Kamala Harris Breitbart http via 
@USER I am HAPPY that you are feeling better! winking face 
@USER really not at all. i do claim you are chicagojordan. But i have never said you are experienced with the outdoors
@USER Liberals have truly outdone themselves with this stunt. Absolutely disgusting.
@USER I think Donald Trump is a disgusting disgraceful pig . Shame on him thinking that he did so much for Puerto Rico . He failed us . And he is a failure as a so called president . He did nothing but talk bad about Puerto Rican's he does not understand that PR is USA territory.JERKOFF
@USERS Check the antifa registration. Some of her coworkers are there.
@USER You have the love and support from so many people -even if we are just strangers. You are not alone xo
thursday thoughts Hollywood liberals love socialism. Why do not these multi-millionaires get of out their multiple mansions and give them to multiple low income families and buy 1 modest home.
@USERSExactly!
@USERS Antifa lives!
@USERS Thanks that sums it up nicely! Serena and her sycophants are exposed with facts! Liberals hate facts!
@USERSThe World Wide Phenomenon of Podcasting and MVP of ShitTalking!
@USERS Wow this was the most civil gun control debate or arguement ive even seen on twitter
@USER She is the face of the democrat party. She should be locked up for bullying the Republican Party. She's rich. Lives in a mansion and her district is in poverty. She's more like a dictator in her district!
@USERSHow an evangelist speaks when he is filled with holy spook http
@USERS Yes. Including the staff and the bureaucracy.
@USERSYa too bad the democrats had to bring back nazi tactics and nazi brown shirts in the form on antifa http
@USER Seriously you are so freaking Hot!
@USER .Bono's attempt to inculcate the masses in his later life epiphany. senility has certain markers i guess Bono has made that clear now - sad flushed face thinking face thinking face 
@USER The ratings are low because of people like you &amp the other guy making fun of conservatives. This is one reason why Trump won. You people just do not get it &amp pitiful &amp shameful.
@USERS This is a teacher or nut job.you be the judge.but remember she is influencing young minds.
did you know texas conservatives are working to boot helen keller from textbooks? do you know why? Learn more about how to stop this at http tx boe tx ed education the more you know tuesday thoughts 'Keller. http
@USERS He IS GOING PLACES!
@USER This stinks like week old fish she is a best a liar
@USERS WATCH THIS PLEASE! James &amp Gavin discuss Antifa resistance actually IN the DOJ using their positions to TARGET specific Americans
@USERS Do you got a magnify glass?
@USER The deceit of liberals.
@USERS How come Cranleys minions do not talk about gun control after all the lives lost in the inner city of Cincinnati but one looney shoots up 5 or 3 and now the city council wants to talk gun control?
@USER But when dealing with liberals all bets are off cause they do not care who gets hurt as long as they get what they want. confirm kavanaugh
@USER Kane trying to stay relevant? Ever thought the cats were beaten by a better or hungrier side ? He is kidding him self if he thinks they were worried about whacky Wednesday instead of concentrating on a footy final. flog
@ MY LRT I am DYDINV G SHE IS BEAUTIFUL
@USERS You are a bright star for Texas.
@USERS You are the man!
 Roy Moore Allegations From Far Distant Past Bezos Bunny Satire dr ellen brandt maga Dr. Melissa Bunny, via a Medium, tells us from beyond the grave About 35 years ago, Jeff Bezos put his hands on me, cut my head off, and cooked me as hasenpfeffer for dinner. rabbit rabbit rabbit http 
ANTIFA.ANONYMOUS ARE COMING FOR YOU. http
@USERS ATTENTION! is publishing a target list for ANTIFA on his Twitter Account under Lists . The list has high profile names and names of everyday Trump supporters. PLEASE CHECK THIS LIST for your name. has NOT suspended his account. 
@USERS Antifa FACIST. do not let these mean anti-Americans use a fake title. They are FACIST.
@USERS Could anyone expect anything less from a fool like j rubin? Incompetent hair on fire libs cost people their lives and blame it Pres. Trump.
@USERS Debate moving on to the streets is a side effect of media or MPs failing to address questions they need to answer &amp the violence frequently stems from the thuggish antifa mobs who oppose these issues being aired. What are your answers to questions here? http
@USER Why are the tweets that Conservatives are retweeting with comments suddenly Unavailable? I cannot see what they're talking about if the original tweet is no longer available. Anyone else noticing this?
@USERS balls
@USER The cunt who's 1st EU is doing it http
@USERS you are too dumb. forgive my manners but this pile of shiit you just said can give cancer. http
@USER I bet the first ones she calls when she is being robbed is those very same police pouting face double exclamation mark selector . people are freaking stupid . face with rolling eyes 
@USER Take a vacation! wwg1wga maga
@USER thought they scored 69 points. sad
@USERS do not feel sorry for her. She is so greedy she even hides her Patreon amount and dumb kids keep donating for watching her playing games and whispering into a mic.
 @USER Screw you and that keep up shit honestly face with tears of joy 
@USER you a cold bitch
20 Crazy Things Liberals Blame Trump For http via @USER Unhinged blame everything on our President.
@USERSAnd here he is supporting gun control http
@USER I hope those La La Land libtard lunatics do not think most conservatives would watch that garbage. Those idiots make a living playing dress up. Grow up and move into the real world. VOTE REPUBLICAN!
@USER I was think she jisoo but I am Focused I found she is taeyoun
@USERS Thank you. Good to see we are trying this approach in addition to others. Too often this issue is used as an excuse to tax. Please can you report updates when they become known? Thanks. thumbs up light skin tone 
@USERS Most Texans do not take advice from liberals
@USER did not the President already make an offer that was refused?
@USER She is a college professor in Cali. Resist antifa burn buildings riot Cali colleges .
@USER I hope this shit does not become a trend. Keep the beef on wax homie. Or at least call and yell at each other on Hot 97 like 50n&amp Cam did http
@USER face with tears of joy face with tears of joy exaggerating so much! You are appreciated.
@USER And god forbid you are already talking to someone or dating they get real mad face with tears of joy woman shrugging medium-light skin tone we like those people over you for a reason sorry bout it face with tears of joy 
@USER ! I do not believe it.
@USER He has no social graces. That is why he was shunned by NY proper everyone knows he is white trash with a little money. He does not know how to act and makes everything about him. Always. He is just a Me ME Me POS that is an embarrassment to the USA.
@USERS When one of those sides is white supremacists then it shouldn't be hard to say that one of those sides is the wrong side. Now stop trying to equate antifa with white supremacists. It just makes you look more like a white supremacist.
@USER Diversity makes you stronger
@USER Liberals should be jumping for joy!
@USER She is a cutie!But she needs a PACKER bib
@USERS antifa gets a pass?
@USER We get shit transported from Africa niggas told me they seen venomous snakes Iguanas a beetle the size of a car tire man facepalming medium-dark skin tone man facepalming medium-dark skin tone man facepalming medium-dark skin tone man facepalming medium-dark skin tone all kinds of shit
@USER this girl called herself tryna call me ugly. i had to show her how ugly she is.
@USERS He is a good man.
@USERS dude just go straight to the point. You are trying to say that Iggy can be bigger than Em because she is younger http
@USERS You'd also know this isn't about women at all b or because Democrats do not call for justice for women assaulted by Democrats when there is both evidence of injury &amp police reports. You'd know Dems only demand conservatives be found guilty upon accusation. You'd know this is all political. http
@USER She can never said no to prove to her fans and gram she is working hard.
@USERS way more accurate than most theories.Most history ancient Egypt ect is all made up BS . it is all been fabricated for us I do not claim to know why.But if you start looking into history ect there's no fucking proof of anything.Enjoy the show.Our consciousness is def changing do it
@USERS Or we can go 's route and NOT believe any accusations levied against conservative because conservatives are such saints.
@USER That said. You are right about those who do put themselves forward to read the job description.
@USERS Stay vigilant Conservatives!
If two or three allegations Dems would be screaming PATTERN. 65 women came forward Supporting Kavanaugh is that not a pattern of good behavior? Allegations must be heard but what happened to presumption of innocence? Timing is suspect. What do you think @USER maga
@USER Krazee right wingers have the nerve to bitch about Antifa.
@USERS What really pisses me off about Asians in California voting for more gun control is that many should know better especially Koreans in LA. They all knew someone who had their businesses destroyed during the riots. At least this salty boi hasn't forgotten http
.@USER Liberals attack private lives when they cannot attack policies. http
@USER I m pretty sure you are not too bad yourself.thanks for a lil bit of sweetness on this brutal world
@USERS The conservatives are winning because of a turn coat liberal? So you are admitting cons are failed libs?
@USER He is nothing but a fruit cake I cannot believe I like him at one time
@USERS Yes. Liberals.
@USER Pick me pls.
@USERS http Many heavy metal rockers were Conservatives who believed in freedom. Unfortunatemy some appeared to only be in it for the money. But others truly believe it. Helped end the Cold War.
@USERS . or you could legislate some common sense gun control and tone down your racist rhetoric.
Democrats and their double sided hypocrisy. Is this any surpise. maga confirm kavanaugh pj net http
@USER Charge! people know how good you are at makeup by pictures! You cannot keep doing that you'll be skint!
@USERS She is a Monkeying Around. rolling on the floor laughing clown face http
 @USER I just said that very same thing. That Christians create a life or death for Dr. Ford or Stormy Daniels who tell their stories, but I do not see not counting Antifa that happening from us to them. it is so weird. Not very Christ-like of them, at the least of it, and so vile, etc 
 .Instead of taking concrete actions to help reunite immigrant children who were separated from their parents, push forward gun control legislation, or work to repeal the Muslim travel ban they did Trump's bigoted bidding without question. families belong together no ban
@USER Dear Pope Francis SHAME ! tired face 
@USER You will not win. Texas does not need a liberal. Everything liberals touch turns to crap!
@USERS Unreal! Liberals have completely lost it and will do anything opposing our President! Very sad!
@USERS Absolutely! We all know the Dems want all the votes coming to them that is why they are all pushing for it to happen. Dems or Liberals are plainly UnAmerican. All they care about is their paycheck and their position. 1st We need term minutes no more than 2 terms like POTUS has.
@USERS It has always been aim to compromise the evidence so that the Special Counsel cannot use it to convict during impeachment. . maga http
@USER Elections have consequences. And if the left continues the direction they are heading in they will not win another one for a long time. keep it up liberalism is a mental disease
@USERS has announced he is releasing fisa http
@USER Looks like antifa to me.just saying. http
@USERS Hi Bernice smiling face with smiling eyes I hope you are enjoying the xrp community and learning lots about xrp beaming face with smiling eyes +.0589 dizzy collision face blowing a kiss 
@USERS . The me too has been ruined by hateful demonic Democrats. it is now been WEAPONIZED against MEN. Disgusting how Democrats or Liberals RUIN everything they touch! vote red to save america maga
@USERS This unfortunately is the real way Democrats feel about Blacks! If they could they would put us all on the Plantation! Socialism is making citizens slaves to the Government! The Conservatives will never let that happen! This very kind of Treason is why we have the 2 Amendment!
@USERSYou are so beautiful! crying face smiling face with heart-eyes Xx
@USERS Mental case for sure
@USERSCheers appreciated.
@USERS He won't! He'll do just like Mitch McConnell and never mention the good that has accomplished.
@USER Northern AZ is good. Look forward to seeing him there! maga
@USERS What Bhagwat tells shakha minions and what he says to rest of the world are two different things. Sanghi goons will keep on raping and killing but the stupid liberals will think sanghis are ' not that bad'. do not get taken in by his lies else next 5 years India will disappear.
 @USER If we are not in control then how come you are allowed to tweet that idea in the first place? 
@USER hell yeah it FUCKIG is
@USER Hell ya
@USER Risking his own ass 
1. Climate change 2. Education 3. Healthcare reform 4. Economy 5. Gun control 6. Societal issues 7. Immigration http
@USER He is beautiful just like his grandma bless him red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector 
@USER you have the best booty and everything you are stunning love you so want to cum in you so deep!
 Your love for one another is the starlight in the darkness that surrounds you. May that luminous love sustain you until the first day of rain cleanses the heartache you are enduring and washes away the pain. @USER remembering edward
@USERS Sure. The far left and Merkel lost faith in him. For indoctrinated Germans on the southpole everything seems north far right . Maa en was removed because he called an Antifa-spade a spade. Well, to you promoted because he spoke up against Merkel &amp press hysteria. Contradiction 
 @USER The democrats are becoming more despicable by the day! There is no bottom to their vitriol and lies barrel. Why liberals go along with this makes no sense. 
@USERS And she is getting death threats Who owns comprised Graham?
@USERS Right I am stopping replying to anymore of your nonsense but going to keep following you to warm others of your dangerous take on society - you pal are the biggest fake going and been proved and just like all the rest of antifa are bloody dangerous
@USERS I am afraid you are right.
@USER This describes Bill Clinton perfectly. And yet? crickets from liberals. clinton crime family
@USERS Repeat after me zombies.
 @USER He is saying what they need to do to fix the problems, but not much how they will fix them. I am a hear-broken Cardinal's fan looking for answers 
@USER God that is the one we should have used to remove Holder.
@USER He is trash himself to do that
@USER i BREATGE in kpop stan you nigger
 @USER Impulsive reaction. She is not looking at the gun, and her head is bowed low, mane a mess. What happens now? 
@USER Antifa's been busy lately it seems.
 Adicionei um v deo a uma playlist @USER http LIL PEEP Type Beat you are Leaving Already Melancholic 
@USER Yes. occupy changed their T-Shirts to ferguson changed their T-Shirts to baltimore riots changed their T-Shirts to resist changed their T-Shirts to antifa to spread DEMOCRAT VIOLENCE
@USERS Wrong 60% did not vote PC so that does not mean the 60% who did not should shut up. Likewise a 1 or 3 voted NDP so not a majority by any means but a sizeable minority. Actually Liberals and Greens have similar position too and vote wise those three are majority.
@USER God help every citizens whether they are Republicans or Democrats
Looking into the shooting in Maryland but no info since the feed is nothing but protest. Why do the gun grabbers not want anything out. We know it was a female. maga
@USERS Democ Rats are pulling the Anita Hill trick to derail the Judge Kavanaugh confirmation. It will not work! Get over triumph. You communists will not destroy the USA maga
 @USER It is poisonous indeed. No wonder she is called Vesha Bottle . The Beauty in Her eyes poisons every soul that stares into it. 
@USERS So you are clearly admitting big names big cast also reason of sanju aye dil yeh jawani barfi suceess thinking face thinking face thinking face 
@USERS There aren't any principled conservatives
@USER Democrats soft on crime soft on border security. Since we cannot use Illegal Aliens. I will now call them CRIMINAL Aliens
@USERS . Fake conservatives and their fake outrage over the budget betrayal http http
@USERS you are so beautiful
@USER He is not a troll he is simply dumb but I am enjoying it I love tweeter for this rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER I understand Annie she is stuck in between ! I understand her !
@USERS Hillary was blaming women not too long ago. Better hope the Uneducated do not show up to vote again. It isn't so much that liberals are ignorant. it is just that they know so many things that aren't so. 
@USERS I support Jahs blessings on his hussle .he is d bomb
@USER You are runnning on the word of something you did not see
@USERS Likely an AntiFa thug who plasterd himself with temp-tatts for the interview with the ShitLib press.
@USERS I think this is more a way to scare Brexiteer Conservatives into toeing the party line. Brexiteers are all for the will of the people so long as the people agree with them. 
@USER If that was my missus horse he'd fuck right off and have us chasing him like bell ends
@USER He is jeopardizing our security! If he wants to show he favors transparency he can instead release his taxes!
maxine waters trump 'Has Displayed the Most Despicable Behavior That Any Human Being Could Do' http maga
@USER I am so sorry for your loss and for everyone blaming you yet it was out of your control. You are still an amazing person keep your head up.
 @USER It really sucks when commies atheists liberals refugees and anyone who isn't one of us uses our precious tax dollars. 
@USER No she is just informing the public of the horrible goings on in the trump White House.
@USER She is a Lib registered Democrat. And that is all we need to know.
@USERS Did he mock a Liberal MP crossing the floor to join the Conservatives because it is evidence that they are basically the same party?
@USERS Enjoying this Williams &amp PC crowd tantrum. Karma.
@USERS that is a blatant lie. ANTIFA is the worse hate group. Look at what they did at Berkeley university in California. They nearly destroyed it over a guy they disagreed with. It wasn't the KKK OR WHITE SUPREMACY. They are shutting down free speech
@USER slap the shit outta her
@USER And Who Would Listen to a Man that Robbed American Taxpayers of Millions of Dollars and Gave it to Iran? NOT ME!
@USER Well she is better looking than the lying chicks lawyer
@USER The hate really takes a toll on these people physically. Most of these unhinged liberals do not look well. 24 or 7 fake news Armageddon coverage is sucking the life out of these people. I feel bad for them.
@USER You mean he is a http
@USER Croatian President's bikini photos worlds hottest president ever http
@USERS Nothing more satisfying than a good scratch or howk if you are a scottish badger! 
@USERS you've seen the reports and you might know more than me but have a look at how many businesses have closed down since the coalition of the and you talk of training people for business.
@USERS wow you did not look up permanently and suspends before placing them next to each other in a fucking headline? you had one job
@USER Yeah. Gun Control Act of 1968 also uses a lot of innuendoes for black people and ghettos in its text.
@USER I found out today that Jesus isn't white and so now I cannot go to church on Sunday AND I cannot watch football damn Obama liberals
@USER What happens next is whoever inthe GOP votes against him gets destroyed and we vote MORE republicans to the Senate to ensure margin of victory for AMY CONEY BARRETT liberals worst nightmare.
@USERS They cannot do that would infringe on my rights and I only like it when these companies infridge on people who give people who are not liberals such as myself an alternative to 1 size fits all mainstream narrative.
@USERS Aweeee happy bday e-panda heart suit selector heart suit selector you are an amazing drummer maybe better than B have a great one 
@USERS Landon sucks I asked him for my birthday if I could play with him but he never got back to me so Landon you suck
@USER He is only or 2 games? I thought it was 4 fire some reason
@USERS That dude whoever he is aged out a long time ago. Do better Utah.
@USERS Trudeau's liberals have no rules ! Time to oust them!
@USER Law breakers love these liberals
@USER I think she is one of the oddest people I have ever seen. How did she get elected? But then again I find myself asking that about any liberal. woman shrugging selector 
5 slain in Southern California shootings gunman kills self from @USER Another mass shooting. When will we learn that it is past time to do something about gun control? http
@USERS Liberals do not give a rats ass but having power! Period! They cry over everything that does not go their way
@USERS and states that she went to save herself from online abuse. If she wants to live in peace then why she is not taking case back and asking relatives to attend hearing. Contradictory statements and action.
@USER Francis must be forced aside. The Church needs to be cleansed top to bottom.
@USER Yes he is!
@USER WOW THIS COLOUR SCHEME I AM LIVING FOR IT ALSO YOU? ARE SO PRETTY?
@USERS If you read this thread seemed to imply that the views and actions of Soros are the same as everyone on the left i. e. if you are left you support Antifa . did I misread? 
republicans conservatives @USER wet dreams Step 1 Confirm predator as SCOTUS judge Step 2 Eliminate women's choice Step 3 Eliminate non white's voting rights Step 4 Eliminate women's voting rights Step 5 End immigration
@USER How do you get to know that she is having period too.
@USER - both do not support Medicare for all - both voted against the dreamers - both voted for the racist police brutality bill - both voted to give Donald trump and even larger military budget . - both did not do a thing on gun control - both voted for the racist payday loans bill
@USER You are the best. purple heart 
@USERS It does not matter who said it. YOU ARE CORRECT . If anyone that stupid to out your life and families lives in jeopardy based on politico. Dam fool.
@USER It has been being de-created slowly and stealthily since the CONservatives came to power. Hunt's done a sterling job.
@USER he is my rainbow after every storm purple heart 
The GOP has two choices 1 Confirm Kavanauh &amp possibly lose the house. 2 Dump Kavanauh definitely lose the house &amp have their supporters walk away maga do the right thing confirm kavanaugh
@USERS Feinstein and Schumer are political assassins. Thank heavens that has been able to give a few in the GOP courage to not fold this far. Conservatives need to hit back hard on these political criminals.
@USERS False. They have not released the names of the 13 Russians yet
@USERS My wife is from the USA. All my inlaws are thrilled with Trump and the conservatives winning the PC war.
@USERS The active duty personnel I know think he is a dangerous fool. Maybe 100% of racist military klansmen support Mr. Traitor-pants.
@USER He is a vet! He should know better!
@USER I love your momma. She is me
@USER Did he read 'Mein Kampf' to understand Hitler's influences. That would be some photo. Mike Moore buying Mein Kampf
@USERS This is insulting. I am black and fully capable of getting IDs. What makes you think that we cannot? Lets be honest. This is about liberals mostly white 1s that want to appear as saviors and vanguards for minorities. Its about protecting your fraudulent votes.
@USERS 1 or Here's as quoted by factually incorrect on no less than 6 counts Trump is raising taxes not just on Democrats, he is raising taxes on Democrats &amp Republican &amp independents &amp conservatives &amp short people &amp tall people. 
@USERS She is so calm &amp patient. that is great.keep it up. do not mind people because everyone has their own viewpoints on each aspects of life.
@USERS Miriam
@USER you deserve it !
@USER Guilty?
@USERS The conservatives &amp evangelicals I am sure, you know the Pro-Lifers 
@USERS He or she deserves those tattoos. Hope the antifa follow.
@USERS Exactly. Hasn't everyone figured out that the only substantiated threats occur by liberals to conservatives? The other way around is a farce. Plain and simple. This is made up pile of poo to generate sympathy and try to keep a false narrative going.
@USERS . via You have cattle. You are big farmers. You can feed your children. Why then resort to birth control? This is my opinion, I see no reason to control births in Tanzania, http http 
@USERS EXCITING WEEK AHEAD! GOD BLESS YOU MR PRESIDENT deplorable s maga kag http
@USER Demon-craps just cannot get over the fact that they are not in charge.They're delusional to think something that will effect the country in such a profound way will just be bargained away.American's have Dreams that come first over Illegals.
@USERS let's throw up some added bureaucratic red tape to deter highly qualified people from entering the already vitriolic world of politics. Look at hate directed at Trump family. I do not care about tax returns. Some universal financial report will do. Care more 4 results.
@USERS call up about time he got a call up raising hands light skin tone he is showing he can perform at a big level! he might not be at a top 4 club but he can score give him a chance!.
@USER Frankly I hate that argument. Gun control. Healthcare. Student loans. Tax policy. Climate change. Social Security. Medicare. Even car emissions and mileage. There is a clear difference on each and every policy.
@USER You are not alone with that 
@USERS . and MP praises the 'innovative public sector thinking' of this week in If Britain is to prosper in the 21st century, it is through embracing the digital economy right arrow selector http http 
@USER Yes! We were. Back again. Thank you so much. Hope you are all well. red heart selector 
Standing trump strong. Maga http
@USER nah you bob.
@USERS She is as dumb as she looks
@USER Kirinodere and the Curious Case of the Fucked Customs Fees. 10 or 10 good book.
@USER I cackle at something different shit every time I watch it 
@USERS Yeah! Let's get some gun control in this piece so white male Americans can stop shooting places up. PROTECT ALL AMERICANS
@USER This is the realest and tealest shit ever. Eric da gawd
@USER Because liberals hate America and cannot stand the thought of a successful country
@USERS As is UK democracy - supposedly.
@USERS They forget about Antifa and all threats to conservatives when it is convenient!
@USERS She is a clown face 
 wow my cell phone is blinking it must have had an incoming e-mail. i did not notice. who could that be from ? it is an email from . i haven't seen her for a whi. it is beena while. well she is wondering if she could give my email address to my friend from high-shcool i
I hate the Democrats but they do Fight like H3LL everyday. R's are making so much from Lobbyist they do not give a damn what we want. I am Ready for maga Party but we have to get Trump elected 2020 and keep democrats out till 2020 http
@USER Absolutely and nothing ever came of it.
@USER Brazil
@USERS END of Story. Where is the lying Liberals Witness thinking face 
@USERS Why? He is messed up.
@USERS You mean the utter contempt Brexiteers are showing to businesses who are now virtually screaming that this is economic suicide? Mark my words JLR is only the start. Already small companies are moving to mainland EU as they cost of leaving is being put on them
@USER Conservatives believe attempted rape is a form of flirting. that is why we're getting all the if you look into my past you won't believe what I did nonsense.
@USER fuck russ 110%
@USERS tell me again ? http
@USERS Principled conservatives are a rogues gallery of NeverTrumpers who were not at all uncomfortable with the idea of HRC winning the 2016 presidential election. In fact, some of them voted for her. 
@USERS Real stuff like killing the ACA and preserving gun control. Smarter than most but not the answer.
@USER I was kind of shocked. He is gone now. From my feed at least
@USERS There is already more guns than pre 1996 gun control. Free people should have the right to defend themselves and their families. The threat of lethal force is a good deterrent to would be criminals
@USER you are full of s . it is the Liberals paid by Soros who are doing those things
@USER Iya Risi in my area did not get the money. She is a widow with 5children and all attempt to get the money proved abortive. Isn't this a scam?
wcw because big sis was just inducted into the pixie gang and she is slaying it flawlessly! fire smiling face with heart-eyes http
@USERSAt Millfield lecturing the students About what? The evolving Dependent tax and Migrant party? http
@USERS that is exactly what you evil liberals do. You try to intimidate people so they can step down. I guess bullying is OK when it is done by liberals
@USER Clarence Thomas was branded by Democrats but has served honorably and well for over 20 yrs. Haters are going to hate all conservatives.
@USER Of course she's making money on the situation she is a dem they have no values but greed and power
@USER If you move ahead with Kavanaugh's nominatin without more information you are committing an ethical and legal violation. you violated the constitution with Merrick Garland &amp now this horrible candidate who says precedent can be overturned. Wait for more info &amp be sure
@USERS what's your issue with antifa?
@USERS Conservatives send TWO in Opposition taxpayer dollars to ONE popular vote Prime Minister!
@USERS Why the fuck do you cover American politics more than Canadian politics? is a fucking disgrace. Report news. All news. Not just the stuff that makes conservatives look bad and ignore the stuff that makes liberals look bad.
@USER Sandy Hook was used to drum up public support for stricter gun control.
231 years later the liberals wants to do away with it. http
@USER let me nigga fish in peace damn
@USERS I recognize the one as antifa based on the board he becomes rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER This is just obstruction. CALL THE VOTE! maga United States 
@USERS Looks like gun control is working out well for your sh t hole country huh? How are those gun laws working huh? More shootings and murders by gun than America which has more guns than people in Brazil
@USER Happy for you. Remember your beautiful glammed up and also when you are not.
@USER I see Antifa as a war on peaceful assembly
@USER He obviously does not care.
@USER This is insane it is leftists liberals democrats media.propaganda .you all know it because there scared that he'll end abortion.not true.women have the right to get and abortion.because it is there body explain to me why is it illegal for her to sell her body to feed her children?
@USER Holy shit you met Michael Jordan
@USER Glad to hear you are ok. My father went through surgery for Bladder Cancer last year and is now in remission at age of 88. Years of exposure to lacquer fumes while spraying and staining cabinets may have contributed to his occurrance.
@USER Coming from a person from Chicago.kook!
@USER I do not understand why she should be heard. I SHOULD BE HEARD and I have pictures and scars from my TRAUMA illegal alien left his car in the middle of 405 fwy in 1982 - when I was 18! We were badly damaged! kavanaugh maga http
@USERS it is not about how much he is played.its about trade value he is more valuable then a 5th 
@USERS You are the poster child for marrying up.
@USER yeah way to ruin the fucking hype. this is why you werent invited to dennys after we finished with andreas .
@USER You are look so damn beautiful in that outfit.
@USER And here's me fucking ya mom http
@USERS Yes, READ it again. They use a term for a BROAD group leftist feminist theist whatever else then, in many cases, focus on a particular EXTREME SUBSET of that group antifa, a subset of 3rd wave feminism, YECs without distinguishing the fact it IS a subset. 
@USERS She is scary now bat bat bat 
@USERS I wonder if antifa will be rioting in the streets after they find out how corrupt the Government is
@USERS that is silly when the 90s cartoons made him popular as fuck
@USER May as well ignore her since all we are doing is giving her the attention she so craves. She was such an adorable child. but she never had a good enough body for nude love scenes so now she is searching for the attention she desires with bovine fecal posts.
@USERS Glad I wear Wranglers. So what gun control would you propose that will stop the criminals?
@USER VOTE R in election 2018 November gop red wave trump maga thumbs up light skin tone United States 
@USERS Zero evidence I love seeing liberals squirm at shit like this face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
 @USER Democrats cut funding. CIA goes around it. that is how it is done. Conservatives who play by the rules will get fucked up, every time. http 
@USER So one person lies and a lying member of Congress says the judge should step down? Great job liberals.
@USER Only for conservatives. Liberals elevate the person and make them their Presidential nominee. Only a person like Trump seems immune.
@USER Strange the far left antifa always quiet when mooslims attack white people and when there terrorists attacks done by the mooslims and lets not forget the mooslim groomng gangs
@USER Did he do this right after that last statement? Asking for a friend. http
@USERS LOCK HER UP! Haa! . CANNOT WAIT! What a blatant lie! Somebody is scared boy! If that F B trump gets in, we all hang from nooses! Who remembers that one? cannot imagine the anxiety she is feeling. Makes me smile. 
@USERS Why is John Kerry running his mouth again as if we cared about what he has to say? I cannot think of a single damn thing Kerry has accomplished besides run his mouth. Trump's accomplishments exceed anything Kerry could ever dream of. Even before becoming president!
@USER Flawed logic. Some or many liberals would identify as Christian. Because this is America and that is the dominate religion. Look at some stats before you make overgeneralization. Take your crazy else where.
@USER Hmmmm. I think they should've held on to him a bit longer. We might see his face and hear his name again.
@USER He is cute.
@USERS You ignored my question, which is crucial to the argument. Once sensible gun control is imposed and another shooting occurs, do you truly believe they will not push for further restrictions? 
@USER You are an incredible person pal. I know you won't ever convince yourself otherwise
@USER You know as well as I do that race hustling is all the liberals have.
@USER Saw one a month ago in Alabama where they said radical liberals were trying to stop his appointment over a clip of Cory Booker talking
@USER I wonder why you needed to bring up this point when I did not mention anything about that. But it seems like you are uncomfortable talking about race.
@USER people speculate its ab the akb48 produce akimoto and the fact he is a right wing and koreans really dislike him
@USER so you are Fascists and AntiFa? http
 1 or So earlier you said, Unfazed and determined, you are going to confirm, Judge Kavanaugh. Presumably on behalf of, Chairman Grassley. Now you say it is the liberals fault. How do you work that out? Basically you said serious accusations of potential assault, not to mention lying http 
 @USER that is almost as idiotic as the antifa disarm them thing. 
@USER Does Jimmy have to clear his monologues with these producers to ensure NBC is tear free?
@USER Liberal Dictionary Illegal Immigrants Dreamers Trump Supporters Deplorable Dregs MS-13 Killers Human Beings Babies in the Womb Not Human Beings Antifa Protestors Law Abiding NRA Terrorists Bill Clinton Feminist Brett Kavanaugh Predator Liberalism a mental disorder
@USERS Yeah I am thinking he might too. He is working on Sam and he has Kaycee convinced he wont target her due to LGBQT. I need a mega phone!
@USERS do not believe it more insincere talk from the Callous Conservatives. http
@USERS Liberals are sick people!
 Another attempt of the DEMS to hide the TRUTH of ABUSE against WOMEN WHERE is the ME TOO movement on this verified ABUSER of WOMEN me too are they just another extension of the SOROS groups like ANTIFA KKK question mark question mark question mark double exclamation mark selector http 
@USERS My experience is the gun control activists do not really want a conversation, they want capitulation. The way around that would be to open with proposals to expand gun rights in exchange for whatever is they're looking for. There cannot really be a conversation without that 
@USER Antifa would burn a Conservatives house down and CNN would be there lighting the torches &amp throwing gas on the flames.
@USER Ask Obama what need be done! rolling on the floor laughing 
@USER i still get this half my work days and all i do is sit on my computer in bed 
@USER and THEY are conservatives
@USERS Nice.
@USER Boycott NFL. Let's bring them to their knees!
@USER Are we really supposed to believe the party of violent liberal ANTIFA with their KKK hoods who beat the hell out of strangers they know nothing about somehow care at all for this? Are we supposed to trust the party who funds ANTIFA to tell us the truth on any subject?
@USERS Now let's do Antifa radicalization!
@USER Rosier has played like straight fucking garbage i mean he was tolerable at most during the undefeated run last year but ever since Pitt he is shown how much of a scrub he is and Richt is scared to death to start Perry
 #GunControlNow is running a hit piece on the CMP. The CMP teaches gun safety to young people, promotes responsible gun ownership, and does not sell any of the so-called assault weapons banners are targeting. Are we clear on what gun control is? http 
@USERS AK how can you fight antifa when one of the major figureheads was and likely still is YAN?
@USERS I understand I sound cold-but I love Nintendo. This money grubbing bastards cat face with tears of joy 
@USER I am by no means an expert in how to pitch a gun control law to your congress.
@USER even with them trying to rig the system. They had no idea about divine intervention we folded hands God answered President Trump United States United States 
@USERS So what is the problem you are trying to advise of? cannot quite understand what you are trying to say !
@USERSExpanding the protection of rights is the opposite of curtailing rights. Gun control curtails rights.
@USERS He does not care who he hurts as long as he is happy. How could anyone attend that sham of a church?
@USERS. tongue sweat droplets Oh pooey on Snoop . who's Snoop? face with tears of joy United States maga
We stand with Kavanaugh United States MAGA http
@USERS I do not believe in hardening schools. I believe in common sense gun control.
democrats and liberals do not give a damn about @USER allegedly committing physical violence on his ex-girlfriend but they all rush to discredit Kavanaugh for a 35 year old vague 11th hour accusation. walk away hypocrites
@USERS Fine let's fix Chicago's gun violence. End gun control.
down with the democrats democrats hate america democrats are dangerous vote dems out vote red to save america from the Loco Liberals &amp TDS Let All True conservatives &amp ALL who chose to walk away prove that liberalism is a mental disorder and needs to squashed like a Bug! votered2018 http
@USER You are no Christian
@USER that is because you liberals have no morals anything goes with your kind drugs sex child endangerment
@USERSThere is something very wrong with her. She went ballistic when I wrote something that did not suite her. Accusing me of very bad things. She is dangerous.
@USERS Arrest her immediately. She is a wicked crazy democrat
@USER His gun control skills need work he missed by about a foot and a half.
 . And he is shuting up. do not mess with Yumi. do not ever mess with Ms. Yuzuki. 
@USER yeah that is true. i really hope you are able to get that time off for daisho.
@USERS Democrats always give people reasons to vote. What other party cares more about minorities or women &amp children? What party is fighting for healthcare? Which party is reasonable on gun control or immigration?
@USER Goodness. Your wife and ex-gf were both sexually abused? You liberals are into some weird stuff http
@USERSI would like to thank those at Whitehall whom have supported me. Please see press statement below Big thanks Wishing you all the best for vote2019 http
@USERS Well you are FABULOUS
@USERS . I believe that our best days are ahead of us. currently the are the RMS Titanic and the chequers plan is a big feckin' iceberg! . face with raised eyebrow .
 Ted Cruz thinks texas voters are stupid. Says Beto O'Rourke will ban barbeque from the state of Texas. resist maga ridiculous http
@USER that is the entire basis for gun control unamused face facts do not matter
@USERS Right! Politics has no place in anyone's reproductive organs OR their sex lives!
@USERS Good for her. that is some fine gun control. Double tap to an ass
 @USER Truly. He had that sly, self-deprecating humor and swagger. Like you said, very American . 
@USERSWhen liberals are uncomfortable.
@USERS fuck you. You are disgusting animals and your editor who approved the news is a bag of shit.
60 ww Resignations In Five Days The Global Swamp Is Being Drained. monday mood maga declassify it all http http
@USERSAww you pooky bear.You are such a victim.
@USERS It was fun hope I get to see another one of ur sets soon!
@USER He is also said we would have the cleaner air and water. But his failure to protect our environment will also lead to mass death.
@USERS All Vince Cable has to show for getting into bed with the Tories is a ridiculous Knighthood.
Pretending you have dementia to own the libs maga http
@USERS Brilliant effort great step count great that you are targeting more next week thumbs up 
@USER Holy shit thank you so much. Up until the Mine craft I that that because it wasn't on TV anymore that it had ended. I was very very wrong.
@USER And he said in America. Heads up Antifa. Ur neck is about to be stepped on.
@USER I think I'll blame all the dumbasses for gun control
.@USER just made an S.O.31 statement about this story asking if the Liberals were just handing out money to Cdns who agree with them http
@USER His legacy is crap. Why would anyone want to save crap?
if i have to tolerate ur loud ass maga merch do not say shit about my nike anything kiss my ass
@USER Crazy Russian dude owns all your data
 @USER it is really slowing me down. I wanna ask if I could just bring in my personal mac and use that as my work computer but I do not wanna seem like that apple snob but I am over here shook. 
@USERS tough to speak your mind at work if your a conservative.amazing that this occurred in work setting. Bizarre.
@USERS You are confused. JON!
@USERS cannot stand to listen to that puke. I change the channel when he speaks. He believes his own LIES!.They're all NUTS! left wing liberal disease walk away vote red to save america United States United States #MAGA United States United States 
@USER I come from a long line of bigots and morons. it is hard to grapple with at first but it gets better. Fill the void with fundamentally decent people and you will eventually realize you are better off for it.
EXCLUSIVE Soros-Backed Activists Slip Cash To Anti-Kavanaugh Protesters Before Arrests http via @USER
@USER I am a brat . cannot deal with another woman to long unless she is relaxed like a guy
@USERS Oh so now you are comparing a Government law enforcement agency which is subject to constitutional laws to a private corporation. Yeah that makes sense. Wait. No it does not. Stop talking. You are a complete imbecile.
@USER Am Eye See Kay He Why Am Oh You Ass He
@USER He heightens the belief in Slimfast. http
 @USER UNHINGED. No, he is just a fat POS slob who lucked out going against conservatives making tons of money in the process, as an opertunist. A very smart opertiunist who knows how to USE &amp shovel BS to the liberal left. it is good business these days &amp he is EATING it all up. 
@USER I LOVE YO CUTE ASS
@USER Another lie. Anything for a diversion
the feral left liberals continue to infiltrate indoctrinate kid shows. do not hire these mentally ill hemorrhoids http
@USER On everything that shit is really sad shaking my head
 . people of good faith and high character can and do come to competing conclusions about originalism, abortion, gun control, and religious liberty. kavanaugh kavanaugh hearings http 
@USER Eric Holder was the perfect Att Gen for the OBama administration. Not an ounce of human decency in his bones.
@USER EVERY TIME! i hate it its the most horrifying feeling. it happens to me when I am dozing off. then i jolt wide the fuck awake - -
@USERSYou did not read the whole thing most white mass shooters aren't even considered terrorism because there's no political agenda to their murder like Dylan roof
@USERS rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy He is a communist fool!
@USERS oh my god MY Heath bleeds for your daughter and your family. Hold her tight and keep telling her how safe she is and that your will always be there for her. folded hands folded hands folded hands folded hands folded hands red heart selector red heart selector red heart selector 
@USERS Really, but he is. do not say because of Russian collusion, not proven after 2 yrs. Besides collusion is not a crime. We the people are winning. wwg1wga maga
@USERS Funny how on top of things you are trying to show you are when its white republicans in the path of the storm. An entire Island was just left to fend for its self for 13 days before help arrived. Trump is a FAKE PRESIDENT 
@USER He never was one much for the rule of law. Just the Law of RULE
@USER But honestly the cameras suck ass they're great if you do not zoom in
@USER antifa are defined by one striking statistic - virtually none are parents. Why?
@USERS Everytime she opens her mouth more idiocy comes out of it.She is an embarrassment. but then she is a Clinton.
The Unafraid and Unscathed @USER bringing Hope and Change all around the world! maga noko soko North Korea's Kim Jong-un agrees to shut missile site - BBC News http
@USERSPC or not has NOTHING to do with common decency. face with rolling eyes 
@USER America wins with President Trump. Not Google. maga america first
@USER Legit got the saying written down. But you are right.
@USER Ah. classic antifa. behaviour of trashpeople. 
. . . And we wonder why conservatives who work for Twitter fear saying so . . http
@USER Who cares what a union leader has to say big kate? Do you fawningly report Lefty concerns because you and the Left promoting CBC r doing the Trudeau Liberals bidding again. you r a CBC Liberal party Shameful.
@USERS Why did the democrats have to jam far left liberal judges down conservatives throat? Every liberal judge should be investigated all the way back to grade school. The only lowlife here is you.
@USERS I am just pointing out it was the liberals that made this distinction. I am a Buddhist. I totally understand the global perspective. it is just disingenuous to say your for a country but then say your for the globe.
@USER This will be settled and will never see a jury. We will never know the truth. Maybe she grabbed him first while swapping spit or he is really that stupid to just grab her. Either way I doubt we will ever know the complete truth.
@USER Boycotting NFL for the rest of my life.
@USER God he is terrible.
@USER Amazing how much money is being thrown at this guy by liberals freaking out. Beto epitomizes everything that is wrong in America. Vote CRUZ!
@USERS it is God not god
@USER loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face I want him loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face thank god I am in the hospital to get revived.
@USERS people do speak out for gun control &amp against gun violence. If you do not see it you are choosing not to pay attention &amp that is just wilful ignorance on your part.
@USER Trying to smoke out followers that are also antifa? shrewd
@USERS Bloodsport who can forget the monologue by jackson describing this big monster. and to think he is in his 60's now
@USER BACK OFFF HE IS MY BEAN
@USERS ALT RIGHT .nope, we're just not Marxists socialism sucks
@USER Hey Bono- Why not turn your Dublin hotel over to refugees? Asshole!
@USERS Because she is nothing more than an opportunistic lying sack of human waste paid by the left. Turn off your tv Ed.
@USERS Oh yeah so I am sure you'll wait a certain amount of time before talking about gun control right? I am sure you are saying the same thing to all the people using the dead to push laws that do nothing right?
@USER Likely shift? He is a political operative for the GOP. This will be a life-long dream for many who have been working towards this outcome for decades. it is sad.
@USERS Please point out what isn't true. Do the SHITlibs not love austerity and slashing public funding? Do they not love privatization? Are their social policies anything more than empty gestures? Has anyone in this thread referred to Drug Fraud as far right? No? So all true! grinning face with big eyes 
@USERS resist Why aren't DEMS &amp MSM blasting THIS story? I can only imagine only FALSE stories against conservatives count. http
@USER What an actor Joe Biden is.and that is alll he is! A FAKE phony actor! Get off of the stage Joe.your time has come &amp gone! We Dregs of Society could care less about what you preach!
@USER Please leave my girlfriend alone I know she is too good yall do not understand.
@USER a bat my nigga
@USERS And your President respects all of that. You liberals do not.
@USERS Does it hurt to constantly apologize for far right conservatives
@USER Hopefully it is joking. I hate boycotting the Leftist entertainers but I do. Stop saying stupid stuff.
@USERS 3 I will always defend the 2nd. But not the NRA who when I 1st joined was about promoting &amp educating gun owners &amp the public about guns. No hypocrisy here Amy well except maybe on your part. for your information I know a lot of Liberals that a members of the NRA. I do not always agree with them
@USERS As a kid of legal immigrants I can attest you are 100% correct. They follow the law to the letter in most cases because they worked so damn hard to get her legally they won't do anything to risk their status. The illegals have contempt for our laws and pull the scams 24 or 7
@USERS Where are the capital police? Why let the leftist make a joke of our laws. maga arrest clinton crime gang already no chain migration trump2020 spy gate IG REPORT PROVES seditious conspiracy UScode18ch115sec2384 yep 20yrs jail time
@USERS CNN &amp others involved in Conspiracy Theories &amp propaganda while they protect Antifa? . So I guess the 2013 Bill &amp 2016 Bills for propaganda does protect State Media ? http 
@USERS Three soft little figure skating ballerinas.
@USERS The Republicans are against Nancy Pelosi because she is for the working class. They demonized her because she does not help the rich. Thank You Nancy for your service and being for the little guys.
 @USER Because across the country everyone recognizes high handed authoritarian gerrymandering and democratic subversion. Only self serving Ontario conservatives speak for this. 
@USERS Liberals did not want to hear from Juanita Broderick. She was ignored. Liberals do not want to hear from Keith Ellison's accuser. Double Standard
@USER She already proved she hasn't a clue about things she is legislating so really have no interest in her comments or opinion.
workout When you have a fat belly then you are insulin resistant and can fix it with out medications by fasting. details are here http http
 @USER Eric and Hussein just need to STFU and go away. Too many Americans died as a result of their Fast and Furious gun running scheme gone bad. Eric even defied Congressional subpoenas with Hussein's backing. Despicable. 
@USERS that is why I was so disgusted with him today. I do not know why he thought this was a celebration. But he thinks everything is about him. I won't ever be able to forget the horrible things that he is done.
@USER it is all liberals have. it is all they ever had. They see everything through the prism of race.
@USERS I love you kady you are the real MVP here
@USER Hey Ontario the Liberals took Billions from you &amp gave it to multi national companies calling it a Green Energy plan do not worry your on hook for another 19 years.as for real viable alternatives beyond hiding more taxes.they had nothing.#FordNation this is up to you
@USER Complaining about SP's comments and blames the media for him Spath feeling a certain way and not actually reading an article. Basically saying Shea does not know shit and basically he should shut his mouth.
@USER A little bigger than I like. She needs to join chubby chaser tour
@USER You are out doing yourself today.
@USERS hey y'all take this shit to dms aight
@USER No time for political correctness. It is a Lie. Everyone knows this. Behind the scenes the liberals are laughing. Take the vote.
@USER Climate always changes. it is the climate frauds with their wealth redistribution scheme that is new.
@USERS Rooney wont do anything. He is the one that needs to take some action.
@USER So what is the Conservatives policy on antisemitism? Does it quote the international recognition if not why aren't you reporting on this with as much vigour as you have done with Labour?
@USER you still doing music?
@USERS Basically PSA is spoonfeeding liberals exactly what they want to hear rather than confronting the structural inequities that they in part helped foster or implement 
@USERS Trump uses a lot of misdirection intentionally. Would need specifics you are referencing. Media screaming he is lying is mostly their spin on it. Take the wiretap claim for instance. Trump was correct. They called him a liar for 18 months.
@USERS I fuck with this hard
@USER He did not say that when he raped his daughters friend 16 years old and not too long after she committed suicide
@USERS She is LYING.
@USERS You forgot to not run for office or disagree with Diane Feinstein or liberals or have wrong think.
@USERS Isnt it wat Left &amp Liberals hve been doing in India ?
@USER That much projection is even a doozy for far left democratic socialist antifa members - amazing!
@USER She is such a witch
@USERS I have been thinking about it and it is not inconceivable that someone was trying to meddle with people's minds regarding gun control. I am double-minded about the use of arms because I am a peacemaker. Shoot once and you could start a big war. &gt 2
@USER Josh I am not fucking a loli robot
@USERS traitor whoever he or she is.
Political Unmasking of Team Trump Must Be Prosecuted - American Thinker http http maga pj net kag trump train trumptrain2020 http @USER TW055
@USER Hey brian tell us about the time you voted with the liberals to take our guns away. http
@USER CONway say it louder for your fellow maga Trumpkins because they are the horrible peiple insulting her! http
@USERS y'all should really change the name of the Assault Rifle coming from a second amendment advocate it puts the wrong name of the rifle out there to the Gun Control lobby. it is not an assault rifle. it is just a normal rifle.
@USERS MSM or Democrats or Liberals describe Antifa as Peaceful Demonstrators. In my opinion they are a Democrat Army preparing for war. ogre ogre ogre 
@USERS Does these idiots actually listen to what they say? Sucks!
tennessee conservatives rn rtn 2a defenders republicans prolife gen tn gop libertarians prolife gay t riots rnr because cot Are YOU doing your part to grow? Are YOU registering voters? Planned Parenthood is. Pause. Think about that . It speaks volumes. http
2018s biggest epidemic is saying neoliberals when you just mean LIBERALS
@USER Hillary Clinton will be POTUS.Oops!
@USER looking forward to seeing what you are bringing to the market. The rum market has needed some quality infusion for quite some time. Fingers crossed for a quality spiced rum.
@USER I was on a conference call after the election of our President. 30 minutes of Ted Lieu discussing how to stop Trump. This guy supports Antifa. Maxine is his mentor.
@USER Just by looks this guy has Antifa written all over him
theresa may we need a peoples vote @USER http
@USERSAnd you? Do you knowwhat ANTIFA stands signifies?
@USER That. Is. Not. Scary. At all
@USERS http I read wages of rebellion- which had some beautiful moments - but some of it made me suspicious and this article confirmed some of them.
@USER Those options are weak the situation was lot more complex. To answer your question tho she is a star and if her head is big she earned it and no the umpires shouldnt boycott. people always want to make and example out of serena like this has never happened before
@USERS What are you doing Joe? I swear it seems like he is doing this shit intentionally to show us fans up or put us in the hospital for heart attacks. everybody in 
@USER Yea so no more gun control debate. Just slurs
@USER You are my hero
@USER President Obama? Did I miss something about this? He still believes he is President or is it you that isn't able to accept reality?
@USERS . And yet it is called Gauteng. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy . Dude just say you are arguing for the sake of not wanting to lose. Nguni Land? . Do you know why Vaal is called Lekwa? Do you know who king Tshwane is? Do you even know who Thulare is? Dude I am done with you.
@USERS This what's the matter with hollywood and liberals face vomiting 
@USER I guess I'd like to see more thought put into if these are such nothing burgers then why were they made confidential? I really do not know why you are going after him with this series of tweets? Chair is misleading the public about amount of disclosure &amp threatening a sen.
 .@USER Live westminster utter bulshit conservatives cear nothing of the people living in social housing just look grenfell &amp it is tenants need say no more merits speak louder than words &amp Tory words are empty promises! 
@USERS You are name calling a decorated disabled veteran. - shame on you. Know your subject before making slanderous remarks.
@USER going to call bullshit on that one.
@USER She is the scuttlebutt queen
@USER He will get what he deserves smiling face with horns 
@USERS Do you hate him that much. He is OUR President.
@USER I have tried to follow you. How are you different from the liberals. Pandering to the dairy monopoly is offensive in principal and in practise. The PPC party may be the only option that reflects my values. It takes fortitude to do what is right.
@USERS She is a blind fool make America great again America first Americans understand the difference we the people voted for Donald J Trump the ex clown face Obama policies was a complete failure let's seat back and enjoy the clown face show starting Barack Obama
@USERS that is how liberals interoperate the law! One more reason to make sure we flood the courts with conservative Judges.
@USER She is adorable.
@USERSAndre cury earned 6 million from Neymar's transfer to PSG.
@USER Maybe he should have used some of your peers? http
@USER Does penn state produce criminals too?
@USERS #Politics Government LIBERALS WON'T LIKE THIS --&gt says took a call from and talked about our plan. http via 
Turns out Cody 'Sanjuro' Wilson fancies himself as a samurai. probably collects fake swords rice king useful idiot q a non maga http
@USER I know sex sales and we all know Ridge was going to choose his daughter jmo I wanted Hope to get it
@USER I'll be watching! I feel like it is less of a 'by the end of this everyone will stan Jake Paul' and more of a 'analyzing what makes Jake Paul the way that he is and trying to understand him psychologically'
@USERS She is the most clueless defence minister ever only rivaled by anthony
@USERS I do not know where you get your facts or if you are making them up but give it up man! http
@USERS Farrakhan has refered to white people as Blue eyed devils. Will not even repeat what he has said about Jews. He is anti-Semitic.
@USERS Harrison Ford is NOT using renewable energy to power his home. He is using the same power plant the rest of the neighborhood is using. And that power plant is releasing toxins up into the air.
 @USER Wow, Erick, working on your PhD in theology . You should pick another career, unless you are Evangelical, then I understand. 
@USER Carrey is looking more like a tranny every day ?!
@USERS Picking acts by such nonsensical elements and portraying to world. Pseudo Liberals pastime. Our's is a Country with much great achievements dating back Centuries. Spread that. But that won't suit your agenda. 
@USERS The failure is the Liberal experiment to rush everyone away from Traditional Christian Family Values. We have always had violence but liberal ideology has destroyed society. Liberals create crisis situations to further their warped attempt to take power away from individuals.
@USER Fuck them all. Complete morons
@USERS Congress tried Secret Shah Bano strategy for triple talaq Then they openly took a position to appease Muslim conservatives for votes. trying to confuse now about their position on it again for votes. people of India are smarter now to know their real reason.
@USERSA visit to the DC Holocaust Museum revealed Hitler won by 43% of the popular vote and 32% of the seats. He also used the Schutzstaffel SS to intimidate his opponents reminding one of the Antifa thugs we have today. Hitler also got the Muslims on his side. Uncanny.
Tonight Exposing the truth behind the accusations targeting Supreme Court pick Brett Kavanaugh. Also Hurricane Florence damage totals rise in concert with the floodwaters &amp the blatant congressional republican betrayal that could cost them the election maga t cot kag http
@USERS If economy plummets post-Brexit then less money for public services if less immigration to work on farms and services no doubt you will step in? conservatives br exit shambles 2 or 2
@USERS she is a cracchead just waiting for her to leak it herself
@USERS Fair enough. Save your breath for crying for help, when reality will hit you, as it always does to libertarians &amp conservatives . 
@USER And when did Breitbart become a reliable source of anything?
 @USER He is. 
@USERS These are policy issues where actual data applies. Obviously you are not familiar with the massive health care crises that existed before it was legal. Look into the uncontroversial 7-2 Roe decision and the Scotus statements regarding what made it so.
@USERS I think you are right. She is in deed wearing the same Jersey raising hands 
@USER that is what Lindsey Graham uses for a butt hole
Just maga http
@USER 10 cities to avoid this winter
@USERS Thank You folded hands Followed You red apple maga hundred points United States United States United States http
@USER click FUCK YOU!
@USER Dems trying to clean up their sloppy kavanaugh allegations confirm judge kavanaugh now maga
@USERS Chicago is the living proof that gun control does not work.
@USER I liked it in a so bad it is good way. She is so miscast it is amazing
@USERS POTUS is there right now. He will do all he can to help these people and it is heart felt. He will not politicize this like you liberals do.
@USER Beto is anti American and believes in open borders and illegals recieving benefits. Texans need to keep our state red!
@USERS who's singular wiped out a number of Lib Dem councils in the North by going into bed with the Conservatives thus losing local election seats. Now we have him trying to turn over a democratic vote on br exit http
@USERS This guy embezzeled at least a trillion dollars from the american people he is a divider of people he is full of hatred for the american people this guy cannot be trusted look at our people that was in bengazi they trusted him and most of them died
@USERS She is so cute! And only for 2 days! 
@USER Heil Facebook! Yeah.pretty much.
@USER Neither does antifa
@USER Again another b story no one is watching football because of this a 
@USER I think she really knows now but she is in denial!
release the cures declassify fisa United States its time lock them all up wwg1wga United States great awakening @USER winning q a non maga Why James Comey knows he is going to be indicted 9 or 14 or 18 - YouTube http
 @USER Joe - ANTIFA are not bullies. They are fighters fighting for democracy 
@USER oh my god why do we care about these Hollywood Liberals?
1. End the War on Drugs 2. Slash the shit out of taxes across the board 3. Repeal unconstitutional gun control laws http
@USER mans not barry roux you are goggle due you dig information ga o flake face with rolling eyes thinking face thinking face face with rolling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes beaming face with smiling eyes 
@USERS Do the mass school shooting numbers take Republicans' disinterest in gun control to keep their NRA $ coming into account?
@USER Um because she is?
@USER And I will never watch your movies again because you are a maniac!
@USERS The Nov election will tell the tale. MSM laud Antifa alt-media expose them as Soros-shill shitheads.
@USER This just proves that liberals have no shame whatsoever. he is a deceiver and a proven liar. Has the nerve to speak of casting a shadow. 
@USER THE DEVIL MADE ME DO IT! THE UGLY FACE OF LIBERALS! I FEEL SORRY FOR THE INNOCENT HONEST ONES THAT ARE JUST BRAINWASHED!
@USERS Soutien total. Stop fascism e antifa anti fascist
@USERS The problem for May is how it will devastate her Government &amp party. The ERG will go bonkers &amp try to stop a second vote. Result chaos. Many Conservatives fear this will totally destroy the party. But repressing it WILL.
@USER she said her supporting gun control is more legitimate because she has more life experience with it she knew people who deservedly got shot by Dorner 
@USERS Looks like and liberals have already found him guilty like usual before anything has started. She is apart of the resistance and me-too movement. They have pics of her at marches with her pink hat. How much was she payed to play her part?
@USERS There you go! An this is different how? maga
@USERS Antifa Tribute song - http
 #SecondAmendment I saw the Dems in the Kavanaugh hearings bring up common sense gun control, time after time. @USER is a Chicago guy. Chicago has some of the very toughest gun laws in the country, yet it is the gun violence capital of the USA. How about this Dick, ++ 
@USER We need complete and total gun control now. Philly needs to follow in the footsteps as chicago and london. democratic socialism now no more guns
@USER She is a parasitic lump
@USER Goo goo google. baby light skin tone 
@USER Chelsea you like all your me too hysterical radicals ignore facts. you exercise fear mongering. science has helped make sure women and their unborn are safer today. The morning after pill is a great advance and the sanctity of life is more ensured for both mom and baby.
@USERSdamn. then I'll drink and fight right next to him. OOH RAH its party time and Antifa are the pinatas
@USERS AND SHE LUCY HALE CANNOT DO IT BECAUSE SHE IS TRAVELING I am JUST POITING THAT OUT.
@USER Stop giving this family air time. it is exactly how Trump is where he is.
@USERS No wonder antifa wunderkind wanted to work with you.
@USER Carrey is becoming weird like peewee Herman.
Lyin brett kavanaugh &amp His Sexual Assault Accuser Professor christine blase y ford Are Willing to Testify Before Senate Committee. stop kana va ugh lies underoath save scotus corrupt gop maga no man is above the law trump is guilty vote blue voteblue2018 via @USER http
@USER Best casting announcement since Riker was on it so excited love her so much! Met her twice she is just the sweetest
@USERS The Gibraltar people will be hostages in the remaining br exit negotiations. Do or the care? Not a fig!
@USER And yes. Having less access to guns drops suicide rates and accidental injuried snd desths. This can be proven by looking at every single country that has strict or better gun control. Unkess you want to prove otherwise that these countries are just as bad.
@USER Glad he is on a winner
@USERSHe also clarified that there is the water birth when we are physically born. Then there is the spiritual birth which is obviously when we spiritually die to our sinful flesh and be reborn sinless after being cleansed by His blood at salvation when our sin debt is paid! Praise God
 1 or 2 http So because he speaks in a manner that is in layman's terms that cannot be misinterpreted, says most people do not know which Liberals or Democrats prove everyday , says Believe me , says very bad, talks about serious issues makes him barbarically 
@USERS You are all rapid dog's zany face 
Teach the children well maga2020 we the people maga qanon8chan Constitution Song http via @USER
@USERS Listen carefully. q a non q an uck ask the q we the people the great awakening the storm maga wwg1wga http http
@USER Fudge report.then apparently she is not a socialist as you and your kind label her and is a successful capitalist but with much higher morals and opportunities for society. You have the dumbest followers.
@USERS If not a terrorist organization , how exactly has ANTIFA not been named a criminal organization? 
@USER He must not have gotten the email from Feinstein winking face with tongue 
@USERS The accounts of and are the Antifa twins. do not try to twist this as is your usual game.
@USER Can you Say Insanity? lock them all up handcuffs for hillary maga http
politics live conservatives told us selling Council House Deregulating Rental Housing Market solutions would lead to more housing cheaper rents more home ownership Now look at the homeless figures Sky High Rents Lack of Tennant Rights Profits tories selling Public Land labour
 @USER Your continual use of Left liberal Progressive on your show are Euphemisms for the democrat Party who owns them until deny them &amp ideology. You are lying to the Public by not calling a spade a spade. 
@USERS This is ridiculous. She is going to have to vote for him at this point or it will be apparent she accepts bribes.
@USER You said it. They're trying to prove that cheepika is goddess and everyone else has nothing to offer. It tells everything about how insecure they are as fans. Now their target is alia because they know how good she is. Alia being so good is threat to their so called goddess.
wake up america america first maga trump2020 kag2020 redwaverising2018 votered2018 tx sen vote red to save america keep texas red tedcruz2018 build the wall voter id confirm kavanaugh walk away campaign walk away from liberal hate liberal intolerance and socialist lies veto be to http
@USERS FINALLY! Smaller more cost effective Government! Thank you Conservatives!
@USERS He is virtue signaling playing with young minds. He also thinks he can weaponise it in an attempt to stop Brexit. is a disgraceful vile man to be honest he does not care who or what he uses to get what he wants.
@USERS How many antifa are out there? Do they have classes on being an antifa member now at schools?
@USER As he should. The world does not stop because you liberals wanna hijack a process and delay at all costs.
@USERS I am voting for and as well as other constitutionalist republicans. Thank you for fighting for America. We appreciate you maga keep america great
@USERS Winston Churchill on being admonished about sentence ending prepositions This is an outrage up with which I will not put! And the punchline to my favorite grammar joke Oh. So, where y'all from, BITCH? 
@USERS The radical Social Media Antifa type can go hang.
@USER He is adorable smiling face with heart-eyes 
.@USER molested me 35 yrs ago when I was 11yrs Old. I did not want to say it till now. She should Thrown in jail. According to liberals &amp me too you have to accept my allegations blindly. There I said it confirm judge kavanaugh now senator feinstein democrats hate america http
@USER This is just disgusting. But it sounds like you are absolutely right. I do think that even liberals are starting to realize this is all a political game.
@USER My nurse friend always looking out for me blue heart Yeah it is a bit of a wet cough or The doctor I dealt with earlier wouldn't tell me anything and basically threw a prescription for antibiotics at me. which I assume means that he is thinking I possibly have a chest infection? eyes 
@USERS Glorita you are THE Most! sparkles Venezuela 
@USER She is backon twitter
@USERS 6 weeks sorry she should have turned it into the fbi but she did not but you cannot now go around saying this isn't politically motivated and that they care about sexual abuse now but please go ahead believing the liberals and being just another mindless sheep
@USER Hogg is such a dolt! In a mass shooting it is rarely a long range shooting incident. it is usually close range inside a building of area that is a Gun Free Zone. Like shooting fish in a barrel. Snipers are rare in mass shooting events. D. because. and Vegas were exceptions.
@USERS You are 100% right successful prosecution will send the right message. That said the inability of a voter to take a photo evidence of the party voted reduces the likelihood of vote buying. No party will waste money with this new approach because there is zero guarantee.
@USER Cool! And that is the way it SHOULD be!
@USER Considering Puerto Rico did not have electricity on 70% of the island before the hurricane. I am wondering who left her brain on the tarmac in the sun for a year? Probably Trump or Baron I assume.
@USERS thinking face thinking face we would hang 70 plus on the frogs and cocks! thinking face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS Like Antifa hiding their faces?
@USER Boycott Nike just do it
@USER Money better spent on American Mental Health or gun control Sandy hook Vegas Concert Theater Shooting Church in Sunny Springs
@USER it just means you are one step closer to getting Rust in there 
@USERS I saw her in Denver last week. She is still traumatized. Cohen owes her so much because of 'My Life on the D List'.
@USERS it is a pretty awesome movement. Imagine if all men's rights wanktavists just fucked off to the woods and spared everyone their bullshit? There'd be fewer abusuve relationships and messed up kids. The sooner all the men like that go their own way into the fucking sea the better.
@USERS Fuuckkkk youuuuu
@USER Professors at Liberal Colleges by Day &amp Antifa by Night.
@USERS chloe shut the fuck up. seriously get a fucking life and leave us alone. I do not know how many time we have to fucking tell you. because you clearly you do not fucking get it.
@USER Her strong character? She is corrupt through and through.her house of cards is falling fast. Just a matter of time.
@USER Ironic or worse that anti- 2nd Amendment legislators want an activist judiciary to verify gun control but same law makers are anti because
@USER How much money has the conservatives promised for housing over the last ten years ? and how many houses have actually been built. There promises do not add up.
@USER The democrat years in power. We remember those women well. Too bad liberals are hypocrites of the worst kind.
@USERS Our USA World War Two soldiers were all Antifa anti-fascists too. They killed them.
@USER Thanks man! it is not in stock at most stores to be honest so you need to order it by phone or online to then pick up in 2-3 days Unless you are in Texas 
@USER How paranoid has one person to be to think that fucking yale is a kind of antifa HQ
@USER I was on some shit last night
@USER He got it 100% right He is pissing up the wall and marking his height
@USER you are amazing and talented and i hope you have an amazing night heart with arrow two hearts sparkling heart heart with arrow 
@USER 2A and putting an end to these Antifa fuckwits. Pardon the language
@USERS Show me a GOP or Trump supporter mass shooter. You have a problem with me drawing and taking out a active shooter? When I was growing up in SSF you could open carry. Then the black panthers freaked out your elder liberals at the time and they took that away from us.
 @USER Show Me the MAGA! 
@USERS Just imagine the divorce case if she hadn't murdered him. Your honor, I would like to introduce into evidence the book wherein she details how she is planning to kill me . 
@USERS VOTE RED MAGA
 History will judge you well. - q a non http 
@USERS Are conservatives in kansas joining in on claiming Christine Blasey Ford is making false accusations while supporting at the same time? because that level of stupidity is the hallmark of the 
@USERS We need a RICO investigation
@USER She is sexy without even trying.
@USER antifa loud mouth. democrat
@USER dude she is a babe! that dress wowowowowow
@USERS Unicorns and Antifa and rainbows and socialists and puffy hearts and feminazis and sunshine and pussy hats. And most of all RESIST! face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy 
@USER Because he support d Roseanne?
@USER I love only one 1 bitch you http
@USERS So how do propose a ward deal with this? Put the gay or lesbian youth with the opposite gender? Or segregate them from the other kids entirely awful idea . I am just going to assume has more experience and knows what he is talking about here.
@USERS He is guilty until proven innocent!
@USER Guess he forgot to walk the liberal plank!
@USERS was spreading fake news about for your information. maga
@USERS Liberals cannot stand all the WINNIG! face with tears of joy . http
@USER Be like Haiti and Obama and Clinton
@USER I remember when the game just fucking started.
@USERS The Liberals took over slightly frowning face 
1000 gay children have now died as a result of bert and ernie not being gay. hope ur happy conservatives.
@USERS I hate 7 year old faggot Logan fans like you
@USERSThe world knows that Right wing extremists are responsible for more terror attacks that leave people actually dead in the US than all other groups combined. statistical fact. Will remind not 1 case of anyone dying because of antifa. your not on solid ground here.
@USERS and the so called letter is where?
@USER A liberal anarchist coup d'etat gang runs rampant &amp a GOP AG does nothing. Liberals prove to be the biggest hate group in USA. The leftstream media cheers them on while excoriating duly elected President of the United States 24 or 7. ANTIFA openly advocates killing cops. Silence
@USER I honestly hope games get to the point where our Consciousness gets ported to the game world itself. Just imagine the worlds of the Elder Scrolls and Fallout like that where you are truly that character now and not just someone looking at screen.
@USERS Another village missing its idiot! face with rolling eyes 
@USERS The Australian origins of Gun Control Paperback http Kindle http
@USERS The problem is corporate barons are spending millions against conservative causes. Take for instance Nike. They plan on spending hundreds of thousands against Measure 105 in Oregon. Billionaires are spending millions to curb gun rights in Washington http
@USER They are false. This is what the democRATs do best. confirm kavanaugh maga drain the deep state
@USERS Right. shoot the messenger. do not go after the homosexual rot in the clergy, Bergoglio, go after the man - Archbishop Vigano - who EXPOSED the homosexual rot in the clergy. Satan must be having a REALLY good laugh over that one. 
19 professors and students murdered in Connecticut with .223 Bushmaster XM15-E2S rifle. The NRA blames gun control laws.
@USERS Why are you buying into the global crap? That is a very liberal position and exactly what is killing Canada right now. Please lose this if you truly want your party to succeed. do not use the cliche&amp catch phrases that the liberals use-it makes you look like liberal wannabes. 
@USERSSomewhere i saw that the real reason that gun control was first pushed in the 60's was to keep the guns out of the minorities hands.
@USERS Won't get elected either Beto.
@USERS he is fake 
@USER who held majority in the house and senate and who still does? Obama said himself that elections have consequences might want to thank Harry Reid and every senator that voted to end filibuster
@USER The truth about gun control and human nature in one picture. http
.@USER nails it - this is why conservatives must turnout this Nov and stop Democrats from winning the midterms backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down backhand index pointing down http
@USER please stop being so nice to the lying obstructive Liberals- get on with the vote please! She is being used snd infantilized bh the DEMS- all a ruse http
@USERS You are going to be so surprised when you find out what stealth has been up to. he is doing us good Joe. maga q a non tr dj wwg1wga http
@USERS Just another Dem tactic. Leftist do that not good conservatives.
@USERS you are the embarrassment who should be kicked out of the 
@USER And I you ya sexy lady you 
@USER You haven't a clue of what you are talking about. You cannot even tell the difference between a real nazi and a freedom loving minority.
@USER Me and bronbron are cool now. it is ok if he eat ass laker gang
@USER you do not know me
@USERS Nobody does racism like the face with open mouth 
@USER i feel attacked face with tears of joy 
@USERS Sad to say. You are right. Awful that you have to even consider the issue. I pray for you and your family.
@USER Maybe Florida needs to get tougher on gun control!
equal justice requires that dems and conservatives be treated the same way under the law. http
@USERS You do know what the chant Puto means do not you? Fined three times means its not acceptable both are being bullies. One was done by one player the other done by the culture of a country.
@USERS Give me the pounds wanka
@USER He is spot on! Thanks Joe and Creepy Jr for spreading Joe's message!
@USERS this is all just another fraud put out by the democrats.this woman is lying to help her party.Nothing but a liberal nutjob who would say anything to try and keep the conservatives from having the majority on the SCOTUS.
@USERS DaveB the most boring man to have ever graced SIMB. Thank fuck he was run off the BORED
@USER Did you see what she said about Travis on Ellen? that is one hating ass bitch loudly crying face 
@USER Any day you free I am dead ass serious an do not call me talking about come get him cause imma block yo ass
@USER legend says that she never actually got to her phone and she is still reaching to this day
@USER There is almost no one that liberals won't insult in defense of their ideological agenda
 @USER it is the same slippery slope argument used very successfully by the gun lobby Margaret. Sure it is way outside the normal conversation but probably 60% of the country buys into that narative about gun control. So what's the difference if the Women's lobby uses it? 
@USER Maybe she's just mad that you do not attack her enough that she is getting as much work as she did at the height of her victimhood period? I always told you that she only got that much work for that long was by parlaying victim points from your criticism into work offers.
@USERS That is the same old crap spewed by the liberals MSM . They are disgusting!
@USER By screaming at the officials or by throwing her racket? I am confused.
@USER It would be so nice if the Trump supporters could tell us why they believe he is so great without comparing him to every criminal in the history of American politics.
@USERS please tell BBC viewers that the caused the biggest fall in the number of new affordable homes! They are not going to solve a crisis they caused! 
@USER Ya but we saw some really good things in the preseason. Now granted I did not watch Bills preseason games but did not get the feeling there was the same buzz. Again hopefully you are right and he does play well.
@USER I am fucking sad also this gif is art
@USERS You are kind and attentive. Thank you folded hands medium-dark skin tone Peace to you 
@USERS They thought she would win so they could implement the last part of their plan to use the guillotines from China and blades from Mexico. maga lock them all up confirm kavanaugh wwg1wga patriots united god bless america god bless the world god bless our military 100th monkey
@USER Go away you are irrelevant
@USERS What is happening I am lost http
@USERS Lets get electric ferries and tear down our dams. Liberals do not make sense.
@USER did not me too woman molest a young boy. And the next day they were forgiving her. Hypocrisy thrives in celebrity circles.
@USERS And his son the ANTIFA masked hater is normal?
@USER He is such a piece of shit
@USER you always have such a lovely way with words.you are one wonderful person.the biggest of hearts. Thank you so much for that ' 
@USER Energy Independent
@USER Clearly Durbin lived under a rock for those eight years!
@USER Seriously?. Guess comedy is easier to get viral. Have you tried drawing shit? 
@USER That stage was such a pain in the ass for terrorist hunt I loved it
@USER red heart You are beloved! red heart 
@USER Not sure. Just woke up wanting to fuck some chuds up Might be the antifa super soldier serum or something I do not know
@USER Important story on business' growth limitations due to historically low unemployment rates in WI http
@USER By wagging her finger at authority figures? Hmmm. .no. Serena is the definition of a bully. Her frequent on court tantrums are why she is being screened for steroid use more than other players. She appears to have roid-rage.
@USER I really hope you do not block me until after next Monday. I want to see this page's reaction when Kavanaugh gets confirmed to the Supreme Court. That gun control is effectively dead.
@USERS Why do you have to bring race into this the real racist are Democrats and liberals like you.
@USERS She is diabetic zipper-mouth face 
@USER that is unepic
 @USER Looks like gun control works in Chicago grinning face with smiling eyes alien 
@USERS Stop lying liberals. He said that is absolutely nuts
Buying this today best of luck on your new book! @USER maga http
@USERS Nice! You are so welcome!
@USERS She either testifies or shuts up.She is either a fraud or a false memory person.When you have been raped you never forget it ever.
@USER We apologize for the delay in response here and wanted to follow up and see if you are still experiencing issues. Our engineers are in the final stages of mitigating impact related to the event. MA
@USER She does and she lost because she took it for granted that she would inherit all of Bill's support not knowing that for all of his deficiencies he is the kind of person you could drink with and she is the kind of person one would never drink with.
Snowflake @USER - whine whine whine maga baby http
@USERS Mueller was told he either would co-operate or go to prison for life or be executed.it is all coming out. maga drain the deep state confirm kavanaugh traitors all
@USERS thanks mum!
@USER This isn't about gun control anymore this is about hate. Take guns away the hateful will find something else. Let's resolve where anger comes from
@USER Good! antifa is violent fascism.
@USER The Liberals liberal right there.
@USERS He is not good in Debate but very good in Dancing Competition.
gun control robbery murder self dense defend second ammendment Why You do not Want Gun Control Three Armed Home Invaders Try to Ambush Homeowner Active Self Protection http via @USER
@USERS She is a disgusting Coont!
@USER She is such a ucking liar! You turned on the lights and did not notice it was not YOUR apartment? You had to go look at the number? what the fuck is she on?
@USER that is really insulting because there are a lot of Latinos like me and there are a lot black conservatives who believe in God. We are not crackheads nor are we uneducated. These celebrities are garbage who know only how to read from a script that is all.
@USER Culture vs Race in America race trumps culture. Hence President Obama and Tiger are black because of how they appear. Osaka cultural identifies as Japanese therefore she is Japanese. If she stay in America she'll become black-Japanese because in America we identify people be race
@USERS Amazing how they can consistently manage to piss off both progressives and conservatives by being so arrogantly misguided--often in same segments.
 @USER I wasn't aware I had a smell. Cologne when he chose to, perhaps. So I take it then that you are aware when I am near. And when I shadow. Meaning 'follow,' but in an attempt to be less . creepy. 
 America.! walk away Get out and VOTE or live in POVERTY and SERVITUDE.! maga wwg1wga http 
@USERS achichincle lamebotas!
@USERS that is literally in the Bible that conservatives love to thump but never read.
@USER Super sexy red heart smiling face with heart-eyes OK hand 
. @USER Advocating gun control right now. Cars kill as does drunk drivers. How about banning cars and alcohol?
@USERS Espn is a joke. She is an entitled bully who cannot handle losing.
@USERS You care about black men dying at the hands of racist cops? You care about the immigrants being kidnapped at the border? You care about the 3k Puerto Ricans that died? I figured you would bring up antifa. That says everything about you.
@USERS If she is so passionate, why does not she donate ALL her money to helping women who cannot afford. Instead of a fancy apartment, get one for a few hundred, get a roommate and show everyone, Yes YOU can. 
@USER I thought the left hated guns? And gun violence? Gun control right?
@USER Deep State coup not working?
@USERS Watch out you may START a BENGHAZI.
@USER Fuckin great brother. I just laughed like a little girl. Grab your balls stay in the trade
@USERS , asks, How deez taste? 
@USER Comedians are supposed to be funny!
@USERS Then why is it always recommending he watch conservatives?
@USERS br exit How can make a deal with the EU when the is split in 2. But even is not 100 % brexit or remain
@USER You are so adorable. 
@USER Amazing when reporters are scared of the truth! does not that tell you everything! maga release the documents
@USER She is a liar
@USERS Bob is an old man living in the past. He has no idea what the working class has been through. Promises from both the Dems &amp Rep career politicians with their expensive law degrees and never worked a day in their lives. It took to finally listen and take action.
@USERS Yes Canada that is another great achievement from the trudeau liberals it just keeps getting better
12 Ways To Use Saul Alinsky's Rules For Radicals Against Liberals http
@USERS it is already legalized killing of babies and liberals are afraid of Trumps supreme court picks taking it away.
@USERS Look Ellen. I am not a socialist commie. you are the one for Government Universal Health Care bigger Government gun control and free colleges. I am American I am for capitalism
@USERS Perhaps she is promised position or money?
@USER I simply disagree Flotus. He or she is exposing the egregious behavior of your husband which no one else will. Potus's actions are hurting this country. Words matter and style matters. Truth matters.
@USERS kkk &amp Gun Control are traditions of Dems started the kkk because they hated blacks Then they started gun control to stop the from arming the Klan's victims 2a gun sense is gun ownership! whatever it takes to inform liberals of the truth! http
@USERS I do not see that as racist though all I see is an undeserving overbearing crybaby throwing a Tantrum like only Serena Williams can pull off. Maybe she's the racist if that is all she sees.
@USERS it is funny how liberals and Democrats work together but fight on Twitter
@USER You are becoming the court jester of the senate
2 or maxime bernier supporters @USER not conservative enough. We need to move to the right! But Max says room for the NDP but not conservatives. I do not understand why thoughtful Conservatives aren't calling out this hypocrisy. I keep getting this meme it is a fraud. http
@USER bakkt is doing what an exchange-traded fund would have done. they are just not calling it an exchange-traded fund. fuckEN CUUUUUKS
@USERS Communists Liberals get the bullet, too. Me Wow f ck you! Communists You are excluding instead of unifying. 
@USER Thank you brother . I am glad that you think she is brother because she is but if she did it wouldn't make her any less amazing .
@USERS If you think I was referring specifically to you then you misunderstood. You attacked someone without a uterus saying they have no say on reproductive rights. Using that argument then if you do not own firearms you have no right to comment on gun control.
@USER everyone's ragging your ass on Puerto rico Don. The mayor put a stop to the work being done out there a while back.
@USER I bet. Why do think dirt bag pubs like the National Inquirer are still around. Smut and lies sell We can only hope someone writes a tell all bullshit story about Woodward or better yet even one about you. Instead of Fear it could be called Pervs . http
 @USER BBC stop with your blatant and biassed backing of the Conservatives. Theresa May did not hit back she was out on her feet and her responses were scripted, robotic to say the least. She is the worst leader along with the worst Government the country has ever had. 
@USERSBill Clinton 90s Gun Control law which banned Assault Weapons was effective public safety policy which the NRA worked to undo it during the Bush years. Clintons are profiles in courage to take on GOP &amp beat the NRA. Weak NRA Bernie voted 5x for NRA.
@USERS He is.
Ababzhah but this whole everyone talking about sex makes me very uncomfortable so bye
@USERS Still a lot of religious conservatives but hopefully Beto is getting a bunch of unlikely voters that the polls do not capture.
@USER But partisan moves are the daily norm for the likes of Mitch McConnell. Yet somehow he still hangs on to his job and has the respect of conservatives across the country. This is why women are so afraid to stand up and say they were assaulted. We are part of the problem.
 @USER Yep. And lots of people think antifa equals to violent and do not understand the context in which they operate and what they're opposing. Like the biggest thing was over a year ago at Unite the Right, where a white supremacist killed someone and several other people were attacked. 
@USER She is awful!
President Trump has an announcement to make donald trump maga me too http
@USER Me too. I am glad he is back
@USER Yes she is http
So now someone has to photoshop a pic of Toad in a MAGA cap with a confederate flag on his kart.
ANTIFA SUPERSIZED smiling face with horns http
@USERS Keep up the great work Cory! You are today's hero. Not the Op-Ed author who should have invoked the 25th.
@USERS Yep. I was at Yale law school as well. He also mentioned at one point that he could pee his name in the snow and that groping someone against their will while holding them down and choking them was boys being boys . NBD. morons are governing america maga kavanaugh
@USERS Tell this idiot to try with other religion book. Her height will b reduced 6 inch from top before amrinder reaches her to arrest. She is sick. She needs treatment. And she is alive becoz she hindu. do not blabber non sense
@USERS face with tears of joy rolling on the floor laughing it is funny how liberals use terms like snowflake and triggered because that is exactly the terms that were originally used by conservatives to describe liberals on Election Day! I still I've never seen a grown he-she before screen bloody murder over a new potus face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USER She is thick though? what the fuck weary face 
@USERS I wonder if she is still in love with the drug dealing boyfriend that worked at Burger King.
@USER They are Antifa democrats disguised as GOP looking to infiltrate the party. do not worry though it does not take long to figure them out.
@USERSLiberals know the truth. Here is an example. Obama's numbers from his presidency. http
@USER He is! collision 
@USERS You are obsessed with She's a millionaire because she is a good comedian. You have money because Big Daddy Bone Spurs handed it to you a hole.
@USERS Think they're trying to be funny or it is a dog whistle to prohibitionists. Either way it is a total fucking disgrace and belittles cannabis use. Wankers.
@USER Ali you are in my hometown with me. Welcome and please be safe. We'll be riding out the storm together.
@USER And people died in Chicago because of you. Now how stupid does that sound you idiot
@USER Hell fuckin yea
@USER Proof that conservatives really suck at satire. backhand index pointing up 
@USER But mostly just Antifa getting killed.
@USERS David calling for Lynn to resign is an reckless and irresponsible statement and needs to resign immediately as he is unfit do hold any position anywhere. See what I did there.
@USER I think I would pick that just for the fun of it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
- Will liberals agree that any is destructive? http
@USERS Lindsey will never sink as low as you and the rest of the hateful liberals.
@USER Those lying liberals. At it again. shaking my head.
@USER How about holder uses a gag to shut himself up?
@USER investigate cht is tine ford why is ford deleted her social media accounts? Why is she all of a suddenly want to delay testimony? Is Ford an ANTIFA activist?
@USER Maybe you haven't seen how well maga is working on our economy. The turn around is restitching the fray in our social fabric and rekindling our civic spirit. These reforms are enlightening and educating the next generation in responsible civics. walk away
@USERS The rules today were put in place to prevent players acting like those bad boys of the past. She is a professional, she knew that her coach broke the rules, he admitted as much. Saying others do not or did not get called is no defence. She was only fighting to be above the law. 
A BUNCH OF VULTURES! TIM ISNT EVEN GONE YET - what the fuck? HAVE YOU NO SHAME? ALL YOU SEE ARE $$ I HOPE HE LEFT EVERY PENNY TO AN ANIMAL RESCUE! 'Carol Burnett' star Tim Conway recovers from brain surgery as family battle over comic's fate rages on http foxnews
@USERS I have to thank the creator for finding me a bigger list of people to follow. Perhaps now this person can do a search on ANTIFA and other Communists infecting youth.
@USERS Nice hat face with tears of joy Hey liberals and democrats is living Rent Free in y'all's heads. like McDonald's I am loving it Sweet Revenge Has Never Tasted So Good maga walk away
@USER Because to liberals being a white mail is disqualifying. it is attempt to muzzle gop on SJC. Graham allegedly a gay white male should take point if he has it in him. Might save him a primary figjt
@USER Curious couldn't find this on your website. does not fit your narrative does it. Cowards. http
@USER Stylistic nuances are trivial. you shud prioritise a level of discretion &amp ambiguity that keeps ur adult life from being harmed by Leftist Elites &amp their Antifa shocktroops
@USER Everyone will be dead by 2020
@USERS Xtc isn't going to help you sleep but it will help you feel better after how Rockstar is shitting on us. Or did you mean sleeping pills face with tears of joy 
@USER Does he rage against 2 gender skeptics?
@USERS is a blight on womanhood. Grow up.
@USERS Given the sheer scale of the numbers I suspect from time to time someone had to look in a pit and say I recon that is 450 in that hole .the point is BIG BAZ they are fucking big numbers clocked up by the far right or left. I am interested in the initial claim of genocide by Liberals
@USERS I think he meant to say . sent to jail for fraud
@USERS I will be over there to visit her tomorrow! She is awesome!
@USERS LOVE HER! She is a BADASS!
@USERS &gt &gt &gt &gt &gt Funner FACT This company . was created by the &gt &gt &gt because.I.A.&lt &lt &lt And now the WORLD knows. LISTEN PLEASE http
 do not mess around with conservatives. Dismiss them with prejudice.
@USER She has become a parody unto herself? She has certainly taken some heat for being such an.well idiot. Could be optic too Who know with Liberals They're all optics. No substance
@USERS Oh you just wait til you see the next hurricane meal I tweet out! You are going to be sooo jealous.
@USERS This is super underrated
@USERS Maybe he is just light in his loafers
@USER Actually this should be given to the powers that be before this nut bar takes a gun and does what she is saying she will.
@USER the sex symbol of rap BITCH you are FAT aS FUCK ANYWAYS you tryna fight?
@USERS All of us are scratching our heads over this. He is trying to intimidate. do not let him.
@USER You do mean the bernie assholes that stayed home
@USER And I am just over the just do it nike
@USER She is beautiful! God bless you both folded hands 
@USER Hope he is feeling much better!
@USER Who talks shit on buff chicken dip dude it is buff chicken dip
@USERS I agree.but they are still conservatives at heart. May hate 45 but still have their conservative ideals.
washington post broke the story therapist notes Miss Ford stated four men assaulted her angry face now it is two face with open mouth vote dems out to end dirty tricks stop what's wrong with dc kavanaugh maga foxnews liar cnn msnbc sen flake wrong to use me too for politics christine blase y ford http
@USERS You missed Rachel Maddow's show? She had some of them. She did not look at them before air time. She proved he paid a butt load in taxes. maga walk away
@USER Believe in something. Even if it means sacrificing everything - like Hitler did
malcolm x on Liberalswise man! http
Accept me for who I am. I understand it is not easy. But neither is loving someone who only tries to correct your flaws that only make you so incredibly unique. crown 
@USER He is toxic even for alligators
@USER whoaaa that is amazing i wanna see her now squinting face with tongue also you are a kinky lil slut but ily
@USER who she is currently dating 
@USERS No worries Antifa. You can still live in your parents basement and go to your community college!
@USER I eat some weird shit but this crossed the line
@USER A book? Still wanting money from the public. Liberals will probably buy it or Soros will buy up a lot of copies to make it a best seller as he has probably done with other liberal books. vote red to save america United States 
@USERS Awesome!
@USERS WHAT A DOG.SHE IS.
@USER henry
@USER There's false reports of an antifa professor who was assaulted 36 ish she cannot quite recall years ago by an upstanding SCOTUS nominee. You should look into that.
@USER 60 minutes is the one that had bragged about her and her story. you guys thought it was great she was female CEO. that was your story. Now she is the evil one. CBS - why do not you verify before your reporting?
@USERS Cops rarely got shot in countries with gun control
@USERSFollowed and retweeted. I follow all Trump supporters.
@USER His protest is indeed a right as it is my right to make sure none of my money goes to the NFL or anything he supports including Nike.
@USER beast boy is 15 raven is 18 and robin and starfire are both at least in their early thirties
@USERSThat nutbar hasn't blocked you Todd? She blocked me and gave no clue who she is
@USER Hate is hate no matter what side of the aisle you are on it is bad when Republicans do it it is bad lwhen liberals do it. this should be non partisan!
@USERS WHERE'S holier than thou Sippin wine in the shade somewhere. maga
 @USER I have found that my younger women doctors do not ignore me when I say I know my body, and are more inclusive of everything. The hospital even updated their sheets to include non-binary for gender and sexual identity instead of the common sex or gender m or f options. 
@USERS usaafr18 looking forward to Dr. Deirdre Cooper Owens, who will give the Wednesday, October 17, 2018 lecture about Medical Bondage and the Birth of American Gynecology. 
@USERSURL that is a guy. Guy looks like a Sheila! q a non maga great awakening http
@USERS She is trying hard to keep a righteous spirit.
@USERS that is right and do not you forget it. MAGA. oncoming fist 
@USERS Now you understand why conservatives fear expressing their true beliefs. If you do not buy into the dominant liberal narrative about social issues you become persona non grata. Ask James Damore.
Filling the Skies - Chemicals &amp Frequencies i do not consent we do not consent op evidence ops top chemtrails chemtrails sky bastard geo engineering climate change srm cloud seeding evergreen air #BigMoney nexrad lookup silent warfare weather warfare maga potus breaking news http
@USER he is trying to go on the campaign trail for big pay! We know what Iran loving Hussein is up to. No match for Presidrnt Trump who gives his salary to charity.
@USERS Your side has AntiFa. You into them? Like violence?
@USERS Fuck you cunt. Try this on for size. http
US enjoys 22m or yr visits from Canadians 4 tourism &amp business. Lot of $$ coming directly to the US. In Oct Canada legalizes cannabis. But US border agents ban mj consumers &amp mj biz people for life. What happens to US tourism jobs gop maga us poli us politics http
@USERS There are THREE cardboard boxes full. Come pick out a haunted cardigan!
Analysis Devin Nunes explains 'antifa' and 'all of these riots' 'Because we're winning' http
@USER He is obviously sucking up to his players because I promise a very large majority of their season ticket base support the President boycott the nfl take a stand
@USER Liberals are like adding salt to beer - they spoil everything.
@USERS We can win the Menendez seat for maga United States There are 2.4 million registered Independent Republicans in NJ &amp we outnumber establishment R's 2 1! United States Only 2.1 million registered D's in NJ United States On November 6th in NJ R is for RINO! United States This mid term in NJ True Red is I-R
@USER Perhaps our politicians should stop using them as reason to ban or confiscate popular firearms. The gun control crowd is making them a target and it is wrong.
@USER or or Anime is a gag series. The manga is bloody as fuck.
@USER fox could have sash DI'd tho
@USERS Of course they are. She either agrees to testify on Mon or they vote on Friday and life moves on until the next obstruction from the lunatic liberals
maxime bernier s new party stakes out classical liberal values don pitt is CBC News http
@USER They are conservatives who want him appointed.
@USER Better hurry she is pretty old
Aged dine to me! maga Libs still spill out with vile breaths the total vote including all the illegal sorry Jack voters. The repeated areas where more people voted than are registered. PO'd a friend with the Red and Blue map. And do not you live in FL still? How'd that work? http
@USERS The FBi has made it so that cannot buy a cell phone nor his calling cell to now calls after 5 pm and weekend now but he can use his office phone 619-513-5555 he like to say he is someone else and hate me for call to FBI worked and back and know safe&amp llook
@USER This is not about democrats or republicans. This woman has absolutely nothing to gain by coming forward but much to lose. Why the maga people seem to not mind sweeping so much under the rug is beyond me.
@USER why are you so fucking good.
@USERS it is really weird to see him on the ice on another team. Slap in the face.
@USERS What the hell has his location at the time of the shooting got to do with anything? people do not have to be shot to fight for gun control! Usually they cannot after the event because they are usually DEAD!
@USER Thank god conservatives aren't as dismissive. Never hear to them resorting to calling people snowflakes or using terms like SJW to discredit people.
@USERSneed to fund a lot things at public schools. music and art class too. but conservatives always want to pay less taxes and every time they get the chance the cut funding for such things.
@USERS Apparently bald men hate women and think they shouldn't speak.and we are all crazy conservatives. None of which are true about me except the bald part.but I like when people argue with anger. it is entertaining.
@USERS I will get on my knees and thank God that people love America.
@USER Thank you. she is my world carters bodysuit sweepstakes
@USER a huge fuck up on my part.
@USER Illegal Immigrants Human Beings Trump Supporters MAGA Gullibles MS-13 Killers Fear mongering Human beings in the womb Not your baby or not your business Antifa Same as RW nut jobs Law Abiding NRA Members Could be terrorists Bill Clinton Your crush Kavanugh PREDATOR
@USERS i feel like he is weird eitherway because the league was supposed to start yesterday and they havent say shit
@USERS In a country where people openly abuse ram.krishna.tearing geeta is no bravery.real bravery would have been if she had done this with books belonging to other religions.but then she is as big a coward as you are.
@USER almost gets the pick 6 Darn flag. beaming face with smiling eyes http
@USER please do not tell me your going left? Use to be unbiased on most part but the hate one definitely is coming from a side that denounced the alt right as should be but says nothing about antifa and their hatred. It demonizes Trump which again is not unbiased reporting
@USERS It now makes sense how gun control is barely an issue vs immigration.
@USER Or gun control. Or both.
@USERS The title of the book pretty much sums up any conversation with Avram. He is either a shill for the criminal or really is mentally incapable of understanding facts that contradict his brainwashing. http
A modern day Norman Rockwell! q a non maga http
Add who is behind Antifa and who organized and paid protestors at Kavanaugh hearing! United States http
@USER Can we just fast forward to the part where he is defensive about Toad?
@USERS Moore- The United States of America is a REPUBLIC. Where did you go to school?
@USER But but but . But like her music sucks!
@USERS DAVID BIRNBAUM The INVISIBLE MAN EXCEPT AT ELECTION TIME. EXACTLY WHAT IS WORST ABOUT THE LIBERALS ARROGANCE &amp COMPLACENCY. DID I MENTION ARROGANCE &amp CONTEMPT FOR THE ELECTORS?
 @USER Why do conservatives always cow-tow to liberal narratives? When are conservatives going to begin standing up. boastfully. and put the liberals down. Get over this. we're better than that .nonsense. If we do not, we may never see conservative strength again. Speak up GOP. 
@USERS a nice cartoon.
@USER Carrey is a pig face with symbols on mouth 
@USER it is like a reading a leaflet from Antifa or BLM. Utter garbage.
 The Washington Post's Slander on Hurricanes and Climate Change http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER log does not give a shit i bet he eats nachos in the middle of the night in his underwear
@USER I am black and what you are telling me is that I can be in my own dwelling and you can just walk in and kill me. NO that is NOT IT. LET'S RUN A SMEAR CAMPAIGN EVEN THOUGH I am THE VICTIM. This RAGE I feel has to be settled down with LOVE but I will be at the next rally. I PROMISE.
@USERS Cowards in masks. Antifa are the true fascists.
@USER Hey dipstick why do not you sign Kaepernick? You love him so much
@USERS She is an hypocrite and back stabber like her boss! She applaud this clip. Neighbors help each other when they need help? http
@USERS Yeah, poor conservatives for having eyes that see, and ears that hear. If you are loving your brain bath , then continue on , pretty soon pedophlia will be your next great virtue to champion as you see kind loving pedo's dawn your TV set to make you march in line and resist . 
@USER the double life of veronique
@USERS Thank you random internet person. Next time I want shit from you I'll squeeze your head.
@USERS The liberals won't investigate because they know there's nothing there. They'd rather have someone else do it so when nothing is found the liberals can blame them.
@USERS Let's not kid ourselves.you are a prostitute.for the 
 @USER rest in peace The promotion you are trying to access has ended shows up 
@USERS Police reform yes. We should try that. Gun control? We've tried that over and over again. It does not work. But maybe it is like socialism or communism. We just haven't done it right yet. or Sarcasm
. and it shouldn't matter if they are Democrats or Conservatives. They all do their jobs. They do not care what person Dem or Con they have to rescue and help. You shouldn't divide the people . you should bring them together in such times. http
@USERS I keep asking.WHAT is the cause of deaths? Starvation or from the hurricane itself?
@USERS empty your mind and god shall speak. To you? Through you? If you are wise increase in abundance. But surely I am a fool who has not seen the most powerful who has ascended? Or descended? How times are rare but his messages are absolute.
 @USER Yes they are stupid, everyone knows that he is a bachelor 
@USERS It was thirty years ago supposedly if you keep something a secret that long it usually did not happen and he is gone through several other confirmations in the past and it never came up this is just how liberals play politics nowadays
@USERS Why did not tell us this about the Cincinatti murder at Fifth Third Bank? He said the firearm was apparently legally purchased. Is it harder to clamor for more failed gun control? 2a http 
@USER She is a gorgeous little mini you. red heart selector cherry blossom 
@USER More fear tactics to make people attack her. it is bullshit
@USERS I guess it means it is time to show that the UK can be united. Enough of divisions and circular arguments.
@USER you are just too cute
@USERS This is the most consistently stupid argument gun control advocates make.
@USERS Give him a shot chris. Han is a nasty H3 player and he is my bb
@USER Goodell I am done with you and those adult brats in the NFL. I'd rather do yard work
@USERS You are the epitome of class and intelligence. red heart selector 
@USERS of course you are anti-American and you won't leave. You'll stay here because as an Antifa coward you can talk your nonsense with no fear of governmental reprisal. You haven't left yet and you never will.
@USER Well thanx for proving us right that stricter gun control does not address the problem as criminals do not care for gun control as it does not apply to them. Again taking the means to Self Defense away from the law abiding and ignoring the fact that criminals use illegal guns.
@USER fuck xenoblade chronicles
@USERS Does that mean she had his permission to sit on a panel denigrating the president of the country you are negotiating with?
@USER fuck I am wired
@USERS You are in your Fabulous 40's I'd say heart with ribbon 
@USER except antifa do not fit any of the archetypes of fascism? if your definition of fascism is wears a mask and is violent then you should also include -riot cops -the military -right wing demonstrators
@USERS Best Remedy equals to bing ! AND.#NeverVoteDemocRAT N E V E R! maga2018 
 . the liberal's . tendency to deal with opponents by epithet rather than argument, and . worst of all . the liberals have left themselves open to the cruel joke that says they love humanity but hate people. -- Richard Cornuelle, Reclaiming the American Dream 1965 , 9. 
@USER He'll only get more popular.
@USER Criminal schmuck.
@USERS So you AGREE that Wecht should be impeached? Yea you and your socialist ANTIFA buddies decided to call Mr Dush's office and abuse his staff and threaten others that cosponsored impeachment. Law enforcement had to get involved!
@USERS At an AntiFa riot and screaming at white people
@USER He is so full of BS!
@USERS Notice how focused on him she is in all these pics. None of the kissy pics you see from guys while their girl stares off at the camera or anything but him.
Lebron amazing swallow clear beat deplorables cannot believe maga scott adams
@USER Well she is dumb as a box of rocks so will give her a pass
@USERS And by the way - you are response is a perfect example of Liberal Deflection. MOPE, def. be dejected and apathetic . Exactly what Liberals have been since Clinton lost. 
@USER She is just plane NUTS
@USERS Well i was born in 69 Dude! http
@USER I think he is feeling a little better right now but he is pitiful when his tum is upset
@USER She is disgusting for doing this!
@USERS I agree. There are obese people trying to change the way they are. Good luck to them. Not lazy. Tess Holliday is doing the opposite. She is actively promoting that its good and beautiful to be obese. Its not. And its down to being lazy and greedy. Simple science
Keith Ellison Accuser Calls Out Dems Amid Kavanaugh Allegation 'I've Been Smeared' By My Own Party' Keith Ellison has no room to accuse ANYBODY of wrong doing double exclamation mark selector http kavanaugh confirmation tuesday thoughts maga
@USERS Yes we need gun control. It is out of control!
@USER Except she did not resist and it got her where she is today face with rolling eyes 
@USER Whoa! flushed face resist liberals fake news democrats pp antifa womens march maxine waters kavanaugh hillary clinton maga maddow votered2018 The whole kitchen sink. face with rolling eyes 
@USERS here she is monsta x! the most beautiful queen!
@USER The liberals are the ones arguing to take away our rights
@USER Shut your ass up sneezing face 
@USER Globalist TOOL.
@USERS he is so tired of all these liberals everywhere. he is afraid All this will go away. . His money. His power. His tax payer paid junkets. His unbridled arrogance is sick. Keep the pressure on! it is working.
@USER Goofy's grandfather. http
@USER My mom died my dad has my two younger sisters and his sick mother to take care of and he is very sick himself So I stepped up moved it and have been living on my own in menifee since I was 18 what we're not about to do is speak on things we do not know about sit down little boy
@USERS that is ok antifa terrorists do not have intelligent conversations any way. Keep your head in that safe space. http
@USERS 1 or 5 Several women MPs key in 1990s gun control debate in Canada. Min of Justice did heavy lifting for In introducing 1991 gun law she said Gun control works. It is probably the oldest and most effective form of crime prevention law. cdn poli cdn hist http 
tories labour ge2017 conservatives Conservatives http theresa may I am pleased the Government is investing 2 billion in new long-term funding to build more affordable and social homes. Everyone deserves a decent and safe place to http
@USERS Toffee? face savoring food 
@USERS Wrong. Nye has degree in Mechanical Engineering. He is indeed a REAL scientist , as well as an entertainer. He studied mechanical engineering at Cornell University and graduated with a Bachelor of Science in 1977. He worked for Boeing. I'd believe him as opposed to you. 
@USER a perfect description of ANTiFA. Fascist shit bags.
@USER Sit down Fredo. You are irrelevant. No one elected you. If you had minded your own business instead of trying to make yourself a player maybe you wouldn't be headed for prison. Do you realize if they take your daddy down first he cannot pardon you? Ticktock.
@USERS Wait so are pet stores hoarding? The fact that she is able to provide for an assistant to case for her animals means she IS adequately caring for them. that does not mean she has to do EVERY SINGLE THING on her own
@USERS This is the kind of healthcare provision religious conservatives have given America. save our nhs http
Judge Nap Get Ready for Another Version of Clarence Thomas-Anita Hill Hearings http This is the liberal way STOP the Pathetic Lying dems @USER maga
@USER it is not wrongfully characterizing. it is the fucking truth and you guys are just to ignorant to see it.
@USER It'd better be on Monday and who the hell are they to slow walk this and dictate terms? maga
@USERS She is frightening!
@USER he is literally the best i cannot believe how poorly his previous owner treated him
@USER did not this trashy thing sleep her way to the top with married men?
@USERS Useful idiots for international communism just like antifa today. http
 @USER Back in my days the boys weren't drunk but they scream PATTY-RAID and we girls would scream and giggle and never thought they were going to kill us. Hooker Harris needs to examine her own closet. 
@USER Enjoyed watching the Red Sox beat Toronto Blue Jays last night 7-2. Prior to the game there was a 9 or 11 tribute where the national anthem of both countries was played and all the players stood along the 1st &amp 3rd base paths holding their cap over hart their with their right hand.
@USER He makes dope ass songs. he is a singer or writer http
@USER NO BITCH I MEANT I did not KNOW WE WERE DOING IT NOT ZOOMED IN NO BITCH THIS IS FUN
@USER Nigga then how can you say bo2 is the best Cod face with raised eyebrow http
@USERS Question Hows that gun control laws up the ass they have working out for them?
@USERS &amp his fellow Democrats always put partisan politics before country. The American people laugh in his face as he lies and tries to bring down the most successful President in generations. Why are socialists like so eager to collapse the economy?
@USERS Hope she comes back home safe may god protect her whr ever she is
@USERS He is an embarrassment
@USERS said on he does not think we should be selling AR15's but Liberals deny it and say he is pro gun! The AR15 is not an assault weapon it is a sporting rifle. keep texas red vote 
@USERS sneaky buggers. I have put out a warning to have sound off. That will show them.
Trump responsible for even more employment!#MAGA http
@USERS But she is under 18 it is still considered as child porn no matter the legal age
@USERS Why did not Zac Goldsmith of the faux Conservative Party use this? Why did not faux Conservative Party use Khan's defence of 9 or 11 organiser? Why are the Conservatives so f cking useless? If you ask me it is deliberate as they share Labour's agenda or are they just that useless?
@USERS he is walking on a street with the strictest gun control in the USA. 1+1 2.
@USERS is a lefty globalist. no one cares
@USERS yo why won't you let me post a link fam. does it offend you? You little salty spittoon. you literally allow porn such as but you do not allow federal shit. censorship confirm kavanaugh confirm k avena ugh maga http
@USERS We call that game bullshit .
@USERS She is asking questions there are no answers for.
@USERS She held on to something almost happening according to her for 35 yrs and then decides to try and ruin his life? She is the despicable. Regardless of what did or did not happen.
@USERS So then your saying the platform of gun control and reform is nothing for them to worry about? Kind of like kavanaugh is going to kill women and Gays?
@USER Bottom line is and should be to all is that the accusation is from 35+ yrs ago when they were minors. The judge has 60 HS students of his saying No Way! Judge managed to keep impeccable lifestyle as an adult. Accuser is a hardcore left activist Soros antifa type who has a hammer 2grd
@USERS First have a very old blind guy do a polygraph on you or someone who can pass for you. Then find a GOP office and throw a fireball through the window. Wear an antifa mask and break some university property. Maybe wear a swimsuit and say you were groped badly!
 FBI Couldn't Find Trump-Russia Collusion, and Neither Could Bob Woodward http t cot maga red nation rising
@USERS I think he is on crack!
@USER OH I FUCKING LOVE LATEX HMU IFU GOT Q'S IVE BEEN USING IT FOR YEARS
@USER SAYS WHO? you DESPERATE LIBERALS? UR DIRTY TRICKS AINT going to WORK KAVANAUGH WILL BE CONFIRMED ginsberg is next rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing 
@USERS Sounds like he joined antifa - Government. of wa state recently took anti- police stance won't sign certificates recognizing top 20 law enforcement officers for police combat competition excellence thin blue line maga kag blue lives matter law enforcement 2a 
@USERSGlad you are ok
@USERSSo you admit that you are a h1ndu?
@USER Truly you are amazing sir ji .
guns 2a 6-Time Olympic Shooting Medalist Says Gun Control Is 'Killing Our Sport' Six-time Olympic shooting medalist Kim Rhode said Monday night that new gun control measures implemented in her home state of California an http http
@USER And we are worried about Russia election meddling? Now I understand why Google backed out of Government deal when Trump was elected. This is result of company getting too big.
@USER We need to stop expecting liberals to act reasonably.they murder babies.they are completely unhinged! So long as the crazies keep voting for the crazy party.you will get crazy. TDS is real!
stop the bias against conservative republican trump free speech supporters coming against twitter ban. To slow down liberals reporting us is to have a few million of us to report in big numbers to keep Twitter so busy the the liberals complaining be losted in the traffic
@USER Safety first. There is no show without the Raven. Hope he is safe and returns soon.
@USER She makes me sick. She uses these confirmation hearings and investigations to campaign and for photo ops. She is a junior Senator that is way out of her league.
@USERS Trump wanted to be president because he is a narcissist. He still lives a great life but only now we, the taxpayers, are footing the bill! Impeach Trump now! 
 1 or Party Conference is a good time to remind Parties, particularly the governing party @USER what their mandate actually is and what it is not. What exactly is the will of the people on br exit ? 
@USER THIRTY AGED ZAYN IS SEXY THOUGH JDKDKDK EVEN THOUGH IT MAKES ME EMO TOO
@USERS I use it in conversation regularly but not sure about here. But in any case she is one grinning face 
@USERS He is a pedo.
@USER Maybe he is trying to throw hints at Kaycee now to ease the blow if or when he picks Angela over Kaycee. Or he is just being reckless I do not know.
@USERS Fantastic match!
@USER do not be that guy. Whoops. Too late. You are that guy. Unfollowed.
@USER Winston thinks she is lovely http
@USERS He is embarrassing and just as low a human as possible to diminish the loss of life of the elderly.
@USERS What's the difference between these two extreme right-wing Conservatives? Hint Only one of them is acting being a B'Stard. http
@USERSNah they are liberals
@USER He is older but that is before the Cooley days
@USERS It started with marco rubio and other conservatives.
@USER True. But he is a pretty damn good QB though.
@USER Why must liberals insert agendas into everything?
@USERS 4 UK or US DEEPSTATE NUKES INTERCEPTED HEADING FOR US CITIES. sky news sky papers bbc dp lbc lbc live talk radio alt news br exit remain london city of london news breaking news uk news labour tories trump tory party ukip conservatives christians q a non
@USERS She did it and she is alive is greatness of Hinduism. You should try it with Quran if you have guts.
@USERS Christine Ford is an admitted friend to Bernie Saunders and she is Known to Hobnob with other demo politicians! Most shocking word is Kavanaughs mom a Judge ruled against Fords parents in a forclosure case in mid 90s thinking face 
@USERS Why? He did Absolutely Nothing wrong. He is the victim and she is the perpetrator!
@USERS Lying to the FBI is a crime maga ma gats http
@USERS she is a Private http
@USER No idea who he is. Sorry
@USERS it is unwatchable. I am careful surfing around to make sure I NEVER stop even by accident on that bloody awful channel!
@USER it is just people who say they hate identity politics while going on about the left hates them for being black conservatives
@USERS Please follow Yoda Liberals
@USER Bullshit! people died because of an incompetent Puerto Rican Government officials. that is already been exposed dumb ass but good try.
@USER She is a repulsive human in every possible level.
2nd highest prop tax in nation to support Government pensions 1 of 3 states where housing is worst investment More rent for less valuable housing Nations most severe increase in personal tax Illinois sucks thanks to Cook county liberals and corrupt Mike Madigan http
@USERS I love that a graphic novels shelf was a priority - you are a most excellent librarian clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands 
@USERS Probably while screaming about gun control.
@USER Ready for this red tsunami water wave 
 Thinking about the Student-Loan Crisis http t cot maga red nation rising
@USER the you.S. is tying to increase the cost of drugs in Canada and Conservatives are helping him
@USERS Damn straight he is. Nothing but good vibes coming through November hundred points hundred points hundred points thumbs up medium-light skin tone thumbs up medium-light skin tone thumbs up medium-light skin tone 
@USERS Why would they drag their feet? If they had something on you which there isn't .it be out by now. TOTAL WITCH HUNT! maga best pres45 http
@USERS No I have no relationship with him he is not worth the energy it would take to hate him. I have more respect for the gum stuck on the bottom of my shoe than such a selfish spoiled entitled narcissist!
 @USER Real question has Ted Cruz never dropped an f-bomb in his life? Is this something that should disqualify you from public office? Grabbing someone by the pussy literally &amp verbally, is a lot more offensive to me 
team spotlight sunday this spotlight goes to 2 women! Meghan McDermott and Alanna McDermott. Meghan has decided to do something to make her vision come true. She is sticking to her plan and with many obstacles she still stayed the course. I am so proud of you Meghan not giving up! http
@USER Agree. that is hatred beyond compare. Her feeling of bitterness of the Duterte Presidency and its success is evident on her tweets and articles. 2016 was really a slap on the face on the yellow intellectuals .
@USER Bullets are cheaper.
@USER Why did not gun control stop illegals from obtaining firearms?
@USER All we ever hear from Hillary is beeching &amp moaning. Dang ! That witch never get tired of complaining!
THIS SHOULD REMIND ALL patriots maga WHAT WE STAND AGAINST! wwg1wga Shocking Undercover Video Exposes Communists Inside Government I Break Rules Every Day - Sara A. Carter http
@USERS Simply to get the smear campaign going by the media. The democrats want a he said under oath while she's supposed to get a pass on her she said lies. This woman is a fraud in cahoots with the liberals to delay &amp divert until midterms.
@USER she is not a Republican. by any means.
@USER Go to Iran where you belong stupid idiot.
@USER I am sorry . what?! I be in my BAG listening to that . &amp after dark http
@USERS . Except he is the most successful president in our lifetimes. he is undone most of the damage Obummer did and set America on the right path again. maga
@USERS When your bio is the most relevant piece of shit ever thinking face eyes 
Americans make great clients! But so many appraisers carry out inspections on radical clients! Radical clients hate America! maga
@USERS She raps likes she will pop off but the only thing she popped was her butt implant. Now Remy is skinner than her even while pregnant http
@USERS You should know better to use common sense with hypocritical liberals. keith ellison abuse
@USERS Got a feeling every time deep state complains will punish them with more declass. They are going to pay for their sins! Biglly! Who needs a plan to dump 11k docs and round up crooks? needs to geter done! fnma fm cc fannie gate end corruption lock them all up maga
@USERS Keep lying bud no one is listening
@USER this jag off ref Tony Corrente needs to get out of the NFL. He is a bias piece of garbage. He made a HORRIBLE bad call in packer game which changed the game. He is a liar and won't admit when he is wrong! NFL PLEASE FIRE TONY CORRENTE
@USERS No no that is shaq silver back looking ass face with tears of joy face with tears of joy 
@USERS You cannot be this dense. The point is the same - you cannot presume someone is guilty just because they're part of a group that is a popular target. For southern whites in the 40s, it was black men. For modern liberals, it is conservative white men. They're the devil . 
@USER Google CFO is a joke! And so is the idiot who hired her for this position. google are corrupt best use q want
monday motivation Instead of maga - could we please have maaa - Make America America Again - the rest of the world misses you!
@USER she is human garbage that is what is wrong
@USER every antifa member is just several midget gypsies standing on each others shoulders in a big skinsuit
@USER Berkeley Antifa do not agree with you http
@USER You are a great model for inspiration
 @USER Chris, Chris, Chris. Are you forgetting the mantra of every single libtard pusher of common sense gun control ? When all guns are outlawed, the criminals will voluntarily give up their guns, out of a sense of compassion. 
@USER Advocate for gun control while breaking the current gun laws in place. irony http
@USER More press should talk about this remarkable 20yr old she is the future
@USERS mohammad hassan khalid is a traitor to the usa &amp to his fellow islamists He is unlikely to enjoy a long happy healthy life based on very poor decision making skills &amp values
@USER nah it is because you are a cunt. blocked
@USER Where will antifa get their cloths now?
@USERS She is a role model Adam you are not!
@USER Cats are just special dogs
@USER Best news ever for GOP. Ready the straight jacket.
@USER The entire way the dems have handled this allegation is like an Antifa action.
@USER Strength is letting go of the universe. You are not your thoughts.
Beto O'Rourke vs. Ted Cruz Latest Polls Democrat Underdog Shown With Lead For First Time in Texas Senate Race - Newsweek maga http
@USERS Wow! You are good at it! thumbs up thumbs up 
@USERS still lies just like Obama.He talks right &amp then votes Left. He did NOT vote for the TaxReform bill! Data shows 80%+ WV taxpayers use the sexually transmitted diseases Deduct &amp child tax credits- this bill doubled their deductions WITHOUT Joe's help! Vote him OUT on Nov 6th ! maga
@USERS Project much, do you? Every campaign flier I get in the mail from Dem candidates is about healthcare, education funding, and the wealth gap every flier from their GOP opponents is so-and-so will stand with Nancy Pelosi and the liberals identity politics horseshit. 
@USER Link me and knuckles then or you going to dodge like the creddy you are
@USER oh my god not even interested in his age but damn he is fine as fuck winking face with tongue 
@USERS oh shit you weren't joking. what the fuck
@USERS Bibi so looks like Stalin when Stalin was younger. Maybe he is starting to act like him a tad. China is never your friend.
@USER He is loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face he is so precious sparkling heart 
@USER Booooring
@USERS Everything else was ten years ago. YOU ARE A LIAR, this is total BS propaganda from team Trump his crimes were throughout the past decade, including up to 2016 
@USERS Right. Dang. She is the s.t
@USERS McRaven engaged in a publicity stunt. He never spoke publicly against any commander in chief before he retired. A retiree issuing a challenge to the President is an empty and hollow gesture. make america great again america first maga usa
@USERS Oh man! You are going to trigger the fanboys or fangirls 
@USER Aw Chelsea it never ends. You are as always the better person. Much love to you and your parents.
@USER My head is a fuckin egg 
@USERSAlt Right &amp Antifa are for cowards. fact tuesday thoughts http
@USERS Did you serve? You rate at bottom of the barrel pal. MAGA. United States United States United States Go President Trump.
@USERS . is right to say that housing associations should be taking on and leading major developments themselves. More investment by the will enable them to do so. http
@USERS is just trying to make good with his libnut elitist Hollywood degenerates after the roasted him in the media for questioning vaccine safety.
@USERS I am a Boise State fan so I can tell you two things about Kellen Moore. He is a winner and he Is cerebral. Knows he does not have a cannon for an arm so he fits his game into his ability. What's wrong with that? Not everyone can be Aaron Rodgers.
@USER is advocating for conduct within bounds of Human Rights but can the terrorists can be categorized as Human? They kill people mostly innocent just like berserk wild beasts. Even wild beasts kill only when hungry. So I feel that the Indian Army who are doing greatly. http
@USERS So have the conservatives accepted the antisemitism definition yet?.
@USER Can we all agree that Tomlins seat is heating up? I am tired of hearing hes safe over his regular season record. He is wasting championship opportunities and the shenanigans are getting old
@USER when you coming to ohio?
@USERS Liars like the Antifa twins you vigorously defend?
@USERS He is involved because he was there! Now he needs to man up and be at this hearing. Since when is it a choice to answer questions if you are a witness? If course his black out drunk phase might come into this. 
@USERS How much lonely she is and how much she misses her azeez dost and how much she needs that touch to comfort her restless head right now is all evident in this one freaking scene! Bow to these amazing actors two hearts jens had is major actors and couple goals two hearts fire a diya be panna ah
@USERS Billy you have a short memory. Obama tried to get in commonsense gun control is especially after Sandyhook. The parents even came in and begged Congress to do something about automatic weapons. But the NRA had such a hold on Congress Democrats and repugs nothing was done
@USERS BUT GUN CONTROL!
@USER She is not the brightest light on the tree.
@USER face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy if I say you are mad now you will say I am tired of you.
@USERSRetweet complete &amp followed all patriots! United States tornado selector police car light cross mark victory hand selector 
@USER Sometimes I get strong vibes from people and this man's vibe is tens of millions of murders - he is more dangerous than DT.
Benidorm white heavy check mark Creamfields white heavy check mark Maga white heavy check mark Not too shabby of a summer
@USER And why report this garbage. We do not give a crap.
@USER Pussy
@USERS spanish revenge vs. justice human rights and freedom of expression spain is a fake democracycddr shame on spain wake up europe http