I really avoid stereotypes when working with people regardless of their background. In my case I just happen to be working in a job where knowledge about the school they attend matters a lot.
I did not think my rant would get this far v
Think of all the tight places he can slip those greasy fingers into!
My friend who happened to be a FA told them he would sign up for their subscription if the lady bought a ILP from him,
Uh no, sir, cannot you tell that they are exercising?
Most of them, i'd say. However with the spread of pro-Russian posts, by next week they'll already use it as the reason to support Putin
According to PM Lee's lawyers, $5k is a derisory ( http amount of money.
I think the fact that the experience you shared is an exception and what ex-Muslims experience is the norm already says enough.
I will never understand how property appreciates even though the lease is 99-years. Can someone explain to me like I am 5 years old?
Nope. it is says see previous notice not see notice . We need to scroll the camera over to the left to see previous notice
Not typically a fan of opposition, but WP sengkang team really show they are credible oppositions that I do not mind being in our Parliament to challenge and debate any People's Action Party policies.
how do you even explain urself out of such a situation.? opps sorry autocorrect ?
OK I would buy prints of this. Please let me know if there's a way I can purchase it
So sad to hear of people who cannot differentiate between civilians and the Government. The civilians do not want this at all!
From now onwards, the censorship department will be investing on developing an auto-censorship bot for live events. I am being sarcastic
Nick Leeson is a former derivatives trader who became notorious for bankrupting Barings Bank happen in Singapore
nothing contradictory. the people going to hospital aren't sick. they're just scared when they test positive.
Holy shit, for a country so small we are the biggest contributor on that list. 4.5 thousand tons I know we are a major player in chemical engineering but I'd never imagine it would lead to this
Thanks for the feedback! I'll definitely need more practice on anatomy
Mandatory or not mandatory still means compulsory in Government context
I hope so but its too painful to bear, HSK's going to anchor East Coast forever
More like it IS loaded, but they said they won't pull the trigger.
2. sobs. plus 2. equals. I SAID 2 + 2 - 7 EQUALS WHAT? ( Canes assessment book ) Addendum The number of updoots is pretty worrying, yet unsurprising at the same time. We all have a shared pain.
Whoaa it looks like a painting pasted onto the doors!
I guess a lot of people have forgotten about RenCi scandal. Both NFK and RenCi have destroyed our faith in televised charity events.
yeah. but I only just started posting on ig http majority of my art are at DA or fb.
i wonder if they're just adventuring and found the treasure trove of koi or were they forced to expand their hunting area due to lack of fish?
I suppose you are uniquely qualified to talk about hardship then. for what it is worth I think most of the male military-aged Ukranians still in country simply did not make it out in time. The smart ones are halfway to the Berliner Ausl nderbehorde.
1) What can you infer from this image about Singaporean society? (5m)
Very close to Canadian international school, expat family demand I think
In America, the best way to afford a house is to buy two and rent out the second.
it is not only the young uns. people who are just exiting their young adult life wanted to have a last hurrah too.
1 life loss, 1 future destroyed, 2 families broken. My heart goes out to friends and family, stay strong.
Normally in parks you will come across these spider s if you explore around.
Seems like it is a school stabbing. Speculation is abound but reminder that mental health is important and to take care of the people around you.
And now they cannot risk the gamble again, now that we know how close the contest ended up. A few thousand more people convinced to call their bluff the next time will cost them another minister.
Exactly, please also volunteer as polling agents when the time comes around.
So Singaporeans are on average actually getting an extra 23.87 minutes!
Do they give a discount if we wear a Ukraine tee shirt?
My gf said $100 for a ring is expensive. I think I found a keeper.
In before USER mentions that AHTC is the most corrupt scandal to have ever happened in the history of our nation
argument then the than Learn the difference here ( http (Greetings, I am a language corrector bot. To make me ignore further mistakes from you in the future, reply !optout to this comment.)
Stay HDB la, who ask you stay literally up a mountain?!
I saw a whole bunch of spiders in Silicon Valley. Turns out they were web developers
Just say la Peter Lim's daugther alleged Korean- drug/sex seungri scandal
Actually I really wonder what the sentiments is like with the traditional WP Teochew speaking supporters with LTK retirement
Wouldn't be leaderless if your People's Action Party masters had good succession planning )
Thank you for your compliment!! You can find my instagram here ( http D
Its not like I do not want to sleep good ol' insomnia cuts my available sleep time by half
Bad bad flu today. Neighbourhood clinic at least 25 people long. WhiteCoat 72 odd in front of me. Waited 1.5 hours than to down to 32. Than mobile app hang. do not feel health care system doing well
Travel nurse are expensive. Money for manpower they no have, money for mbs expansion they definitely have.
Honest question the Government did not stop imports from india because we rely on them for a bulk of our foreign worker workforce? Or because they promote economic growth ?
Great idea, if one does not have kids, donate more and ensure they donate in their estates in a will. Else it will be channeled back into something by the Government.
Eyes sees trees against a sunrise backdrop which looks like africa Mind ZABENYAAAA
Yeah cause vaccination means you cannot carry the virus or spread it to others. it is foolproof.
he is always been bad, it is just that JoTeo shines too brightly in recent times.
For me it is gotta be Firmino. Can totally imagine him playing street soccer at Tampines or something. http
Tl dr life in singapore is one huge dick measuring contest (
Later they say you got school holidays why you demand so much
I only found out the conclusion of the reports about two years ago. There was 0 action taken against them, not even a caution. I feel betrayed by it of course, but try to move on with my life.
that is the point of the closing speech. it is to sum up what their core belief is, not to iterate on their policies which was done on the debate portion.
Dude to be honest coming 4th in the world in a very popular sport like table tennis is pretty fricking amazing
Furthermore, why were Indians exempt from 14 day quarantine? fake news. people forget that fake news can spread when one makes a legitimate point and sprinkle such bullshit in this.
I swear if you listen carefully there probably are moaning sounds towards the end of the clip.
War is peace Freedom is slavery Ignorance is strength Pro-business is Pro-worker Not mandatory but compulsory
if you mention the name Huang Na I think most people in their late 20s onwards would still rmb it and Liu Hong Mei? Kallang river body part murder?
Really awesome! Words from a small country like us still can pack a punch and impact others!
This looks exactly the kind of photo that is practically begging for people to photoshop the wording
Back when I was younger, used to temp around working in a casino. The attitudes of the people there were painfully terrible.
And yet we're still paying for safe distancing ambassadors. Arguably a useless job.
Oh dear, do they overwork those in healthcare sectors nowadays?
I am impressed he managed to sum up so much important points in that 1mins30seconds.
Also a correct answer. Great vs Grievous depends on the jurisdiction. And some states use injury instead of harm. California, where I prescribe law, is Great Bodily Injury.
Well, something like this, probably 1 hr+, my more rendered pieces could be from 8-20 hrs.
Meanwhile in Brunei, we just keep calm and carry on.
Lee Hsien Loong mrs president, please lead by example and fight in the war. Halimah I not fighting and not staying. I am chosen by you to be president. Bye.
i really love how we welcome wild animals, like that lonely cow on Coney Island.
Rather risky though, considering the G has sued foreign news media for such pieces in the past (and won the lawsuits)
Should go to work and spread covid to the boss
Wish US would get its act together and stop squandering its national resources on social justice nonsense.
Sad to say, the applause is more likely to happen than the WFH.
it is not the teachers fault but the teacher will feel the guilt
They can but i think as aoon as the vaccintions for 5 to 12 year olds are out, they will start clamping down on that area as well.
it is not hard to tell each and every one of them to just fuck off
I think you should travel to India, and feel pride in being Indian from your experience there. You will know the truth about India then, all the good things, and negative steriotypes won't bother you as much.
imagine growing up and using your big fat lawyer brain to argue this bullshit
Government needs to be robust, set up a whistleblower hotline, and name and shame these businesses. Major fines for repeat offenders. Problem solved.
Sounds like the typical debate club accent. He did not put on any american brit accent. I mean based on this video alone havent watched anything else. Sounds like tharman actually. Just a bit higher pitched
I rem when I was a kid and forced to have that book and made people donate money . It was for Nkf if I am not wrong
I think it is like giant tampines Or those HDb supermarkets
Does that mean my ICT on Aug 18 will be cancelled? Hopeful face
Bukit Batok Nature Park is right there, still wait for what?
Who is 'us'? Also, this is flaired 'serious discussion'? you wut m8?
do nothing when your enemies destroy themselves for you. vb only needed to keep his mouth shut and now all the attention is off psp and on his face for the public
A valid point. At their age it will seem like end of the world for them. That said if they cannot even take sinovac, get covid probably gg.
Pretty rich coming from someone who hates CCP and has been consistently talking shit about China nationals.
Well not with cowards like you spouting shit like that.
They just updated and said it is secondary 1 student that is the victim and a secondary 4 is assisting the police.
It was a specific search, but just not about flat earth theorem or vaccines.
reading thru this thread makes me realise we need subreddit of fragilechinesesingaporeans Totally not racist at all I am being sarcastic
I love the visual motions and facial expressions in this piece which makes it better than it already is. P.S. the smiling otter is so cute. smiling face with hearts
Allergic to both mRNA and non-mRNA vaccines? As far as I know, if you have an allergic reaction to Pfizer/Moderna, Ministry of Health will give you a referral for Sinovac/Sinopharm
i edited this fully on lightroom. did not want to crop as well to keep the photo in the centre )
1. Observations of personalities are hardly fact. 2. Note I am only against rent. I am very pro owning your own property.
She may not have won a medal, but she definitely won my heart. I hope she recovers well from her injuries.
damn, this thread is the most upvoted thread in subreddit of singapore all time.
CCK Stadium has pizza hut/kfc just in front of the gym entrance
Singaporeans has the least amount of sleep in the world. have
Worried for everyone in there. Hope there will be further updates soon.
I mean it is lottery. Working there won't affect your chances at all. Unless fraud
I hope the full impact of the law is laid upon those who flout the SMM. Its so unfair so many are pay for the 'sins' of few.
If Heng screws up and remains mediocre, East sliders won't bat an eyelid with his presence. As the demographic in EC changes, he might go, unless we suddenly have busloads of new citizens on the next polling day.
They've been wearing the Singapore flag for so long (YMY has done so for 15 years and today I learnt her medal count is absurd) and they're being judged by people who have done absolutely nothing for this country.
I always tell them I can listen for free on libby, and borrow NLB books on overdrive. Their salespeople are so scary and aggressive it makes me not want to try whatever they're selling.
Ayeee nice to see you here too! it is really good stuff. )
Nice try. You know where I am. do not act dumb. TTToken I am being sarcastic Jurong point
Can you get those cases in per million and take last print instead of average?
Absolutely spot on. Shocking how they do not have enough critical thinking skills to realize this.
if no prove of positive art from doctor the solider might be charged for his absent. even for MC also need to prove liao. 3 days MC need go back to let MO endorse. there is no trust
Decided against watching it once I realized it was filmed in MY reservist camp.
When they fuck up blame the workers(normal Singaporeans who've been doing their part mostly), then when got success celebrate and pat themselves on the back. Sounds familiar.
Sorry , they will break in and help themselves. You got bread basket also no use.
Well played. Fought till the end. Even with 5 match points down she still managed to claw another 2 points. Have a happy retirement! You did your best!!
These bystanders need to goddamn press those emergency button. This is close to murder with those knees on head, punches on kidney, and elbow at the back of head.
i own property and after excluding all the types people i do not want living in it, I am only left with myself
I think India has nuclear weapons Yes they do. So does Pakistan. It was part of an arms race for the two of them, I think.
Hear hear. They had months to get vaccinated. They themselves said they cannot be bothered because they are waiting to die.
kissing your girlfriend on campus was like a national taboo or something brother, this is most Singapore schools , not just rv.
I do not think it'll work, the Government won't budge but I do respect the protesters for the cojones to even do it.
what the fuck is wrong with July we had a series of killing and covid outbreak Ang Mo Kio murder, Pungol murder, karaoke lounges outbreak, all in July. Condolences to the parents ineffable feeling for them right now.
I am Dutch, 5 hours is baffling to me I show up at work around 9am, so wake up at 8. I usually go to bed around 11 or 12pm. Love your country though, visited twice. (No not just layover )
And sadly there's still people who'd drink that green milk gladly
The genre is not my cup of tea but I will give it a shot when I get home today. It looks fun. Good luck and god speed!!
unless covid is around in 2025, i doubt anyone would remember
Comparing a young and strong 40s man with a near 70s very fucking important ahgong and a macik if they would do the same in wartime. What a fucking dumb ass OP is.
You try explaining what the other guy did not bother with then
If you are talking CECA in mandarin in parliament you are opening yourself to being labeled a racist even before people hear your arguments.
shop in the skies with krisshop on airlines. time to shop on the road with smrt's smartshop
If you want to look at everything from a negative lens , everything looks bad to you. After living in other countries and talking to people from other countries, Singapore is a decent place to live in.
I cannot believe this happened in RV, I swear when I was there people acted like kissing your girlfriend on campus was like a national taboo or something Now someone's dead, what?
I arranged a drinks session with my mates on Wednesday. I was telling them that the way things were going, this may be out last night out for a while. True enough.
Yeah so fucking what, you still need to provide it to a set of kids that otherwise can barely live.
Correct me if I am wrong but from what I've seen, not every officer is issued a taser right ? So perhaps the ones at the scene might not have a taser on them ?
disturbance of peace is.disturbance of peace, no matter how peaceful it is in that same vein, would joanna theng's 666, lgbtq people are spawns of satan rhetoric be classified as disturbance of peace too?
I think if they ever get caught, they will only be moved to a location that is suitable for them. They won't dare to mess with otters.
I remember seeing the photo of the kid getting scolded for the time, saying Hey that old guy looks familiar Turns out it WAS my primary school principal
Who knew Comfort Delgro would one day become the hero again.
This guy is a fucking badass mofo and I've never respected a world leader more and I probably never will.
gosh and Poutine just ordered his nuclear deterrence forces on special regime of duty .
The map joins from aljunied to Hougang and now to Seng kang. thumbs up clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands
OP better not bite the spider. Otherwise SPCA will come for you.
You are delusional if you think that any South Asian Government will make the People's Action Party concerned or quiver. People's Action Party NEXT.
None of the prices make sense anymore, regardless of whether you are buying or renting private or HDB. it is all gone to shit.
Hate to break this to you, but Chinese cooking smells equally strong, as does a lot of Asian cuisines. The whole thing is nonsense.
Looking forward to the one last gathering and what the fuck why so many people instastories being posted tomorrow.
There were Protestants and Catholics from China who fled to Nanyang to escape the Chinese Civil War and later Communist purges. it is not so simple to say they are suck ups.
do not have to worry about going elsewhere. In everywhere, healthcare workers are needed, but how respected they are, renumeration, rest, staffing ratios and protection from abuse is another thing.
http Geylang Methodist School? it is close to Sports Hub but I do not know about MBS.
They were 100% ready to get arrested, so I am pretty sure they think it is worth it.
i only watched the first one and i enjoyed it. i was 13
If your too tired after working 9-5 at home at your laptop to the point all you can do is sleep you might want to check your diet/fitness because that isn't really right.
But if she does go protest and get arrested, people will say see ! troublemaker! why do not she use legal methods to advance her cause!
Singaporeans get the Government they deserve. If these words can be uttered against someone who represents the peasants, it is not hard to conclude what he thinks of the latter!
The recorder provided the umbrella and usb cable, and tied the umbrella to the stick. What did you provide?
Ditto. Am indian with family back in india that is affected by covid. Can confirm that it is just sensible to not have flights coming in right now.
you guys are serving the nation for sure at the frontline of this battle, kudos
to be honest I did not even realise that plastic currency was so uncommon
I think the must have been a lousy school came from Lawrence Wong.
Malaya brought us in when they knew they going to abandon us once British left.
Nothing new. Majority of sinkies are villagers. Building skyscrapers cannot change their genes and thinking
I pretend to be Japanese/Korean and speak very bad konglish. not enuf salespeople have approaching me recently tho, so I've been lacking entertainment
I am not sure about Ministry of Education's stance but I suspect they'll make a decision if students can choose to stay home if it is difficult for them to return to school after the Hari Raya holiday.
Never going to happen when the ruling party is full of old outdated conservative fucks
just give me 35 seconds. I'll share with you how i slept for 8 hours in just 2 hours. i promise.
They aim for students, NSFs, younger looking adults mainly, from my observation
Thankfully their Rules of Engagement does not align with your morality, if it does there would then be a 50/50 chance of an officer down moment
Thank you for your dedication and service. It is heartbreaking to see the ugly side of human nature in times of trouble. Rest well!
sucks to be Singaporean, even in my corporeal form I must do CWO
My wife is questioning my hard on. Please send halp.
Jamus has the complete package. So eloquent and confident. I think ladies will drool and vote for him.
Its frustrating that gymmers have to be punished because of the recklessness of a few.
You should see if there are any in the ones beside. So they can attack first to defend themselves I am being sarcastic
Point 04 we had better see those feminists that want equality of outcomes to step up and serve in some way if we have a crisis.
that is a valid point. But there are also volunteers driving and sending medical personnel daily as public transport is down. There are still pockets of good deeds being done at a surprising large scale.
Wow they seem to made themselves at home alr. Usually I see them steal food and run.
do not know the hidden 2nd part of that sentence? Every school is a good school, for the students they take in
What's most important is that we make the right decisions to avoid war. it is not that heroic if you drove the country into a totally avoidable war.
if I remember correctly the US is trying and India is evading. To make things scarier, I think India has nuclear weapons too .
i thought they just shared recently that birth rate increased by a little?
And they gained alot of support this year around and were able to prove themselves as a REALLY formidable oppo (with the voting margins so close) things are turning around !
it is pretty crazy how a culture of abuse is so ubiquitous in our society that literally everyone seems to relate to this image.
young couples tiptoe around in-laws' houses So many couples just move in with their in-laws while waiting for build-to-order. Sounds like hell to me. Imagine your in-laws breathing down your neck 24/7
of course its an SME boss with this type of mindset.
And when he is middle aged he'll think fuck I was awesome .
Unfortunately that is just how it is with the country being so small. Even HK, a city similar to Singapore and commonly compared to, is much more diverse in terms of natural landscape and climate.
Not that it is a good policy now but they did say stand-alone supermarkets are exempted from this vaxx-only rule so if you are shopping at those, you should still be able to do your runs.
Mascot of a super popular Youtube 'radio' channel. You just open it up and listen to relaxing beats to do stuff to.
Punggol to Sengkang be like Step brother, I am stuck in my Pap group representation constituency
If attitudes have become more Conservative like you say, then aren't the authorities simply reflecting the will of the people
Download MP4 ( http Help keep the server running Donate ( http
So is it open, since it is only closed until further notice?
Well, Russia is actually sovereign. And they decided to use it to violate Ukraine's sovereignty, which is why so many countries are now exercising their sovereignty to impose retaliatory sanctions.
Yeap. They have to downsize, remove tables and chair. Increase supply of plastic boxes etc.
oh my god I have them too! I did not know this was common!
So does that mean that any Malay in Singapore can just change their religion in their official record?
Remembered months back a teenager (14?) had killed his own dad in Changi - not sure how the verdict panned out on that one. But then again most smalltime cases are never heard from again.
it is cute you guys get 45 minutes recess.In Malaysia we gt 20.
Do you mean most Singaporeans do not have the luxury time?
For those wondering what's Sri Aman it is a town in Sarawak, Malaysia bordering Kalimantan, Indonesia. it is one of the places that have been hit hardest with API levels reaching 400++ and visibility only 200m in recent days.
They're probably expressing surprise to find a Malay in junior college and university. that is a super idiotic remark from a small minded person living in a hole. Let them be. you are bigger than them.
i know. the motion of all schools are good schools are just silly. there are definitely better schools. it is more appropriate to say there are no bad schools .
Even weirder, a russian Paramilitary group called the Wagner Group is apparently tasked to attack the president. The group is being led by a Neo-Nazi called Dmitry Utkin.
Watch the videos of US cops shooting tasers at people. It does not always work. The man was quite close and charging with a knife, I think it is a reasonable call to shoot him
I always thought they would see your hand as food trapped in web, and the first instinct would be to bite to paralyze you .
Did you add your CC to CabCharge/CabPay or via the 2nd option in the CDG app ( http
You are completely free to make that assumption and avoid Singaporean Chinese landlords like the plague
Sir did you forget to read out T& because? - Dickhead Gyms
So you say we need to give them resources and somehow that does not involve a major defeat of the People's Action Party in multiple elections?
Is he still your husband? How do yall compromise differing beliefs because he is not allowed to marry you without you converting according to islamic law.
Hello Mr Lee, do you think everyone will want covid? actually yes, lots of people want to get it to avoid booster
So rather than have laws in black and white they are signaling to people that they can freely make shit up as they go then?
Hmm did not that happen during NE Show in 2017? He would be secondary 3 now
They won't even want you. They just outsource to China panda
I actually agree with you. Shame though, that our native languages are what bond us to our unique heritage and cultural history.
please lar. Wuhan lockdown first few days supermarkets also wiped out
In short ,fuck school system and parents should not be such a selfish lovers. Assholes.
Total respect for plugging on despite her injury! She's done her best. that is all that matters!
You all better vote for Professor Jamus if he is in your group representation constituency!! please please please, no blank cheques!!! No People's Action Party, many people in there are horrible persons!!!
Lee Hsien Loong does not even wanna get his hands dirty dealing with covid
But you'll use it as some sort of excuse when confronted with examples of Singapore's racism?
Rich sia. 20 per toilet paper square. At the hawker centre toilet, 20 can get you quite a bit of real toilet paper.
subreddit of Singapore is incredibly reactionary, not much actual thought happens here, just reactions
OP are you able to lodge a police report on this and recount the incident details? Did you witness this in person?
Hello, are you my kindergarten friend. I borrow some moolah for some investment, sure got return one.
sourdough aint wrong tho however that does not mean non-muslims are wrong yea. Honestly its based on gods decision alone whether you go to heaven or hell. Just do good in my opinion
I am a Malay. never experienced anything like this. usually people mind their own business and religion are their personal space. There are no compulsion in religion (Quran 2 256)
The idea is to disable the threat not to kill people willy nilly. Sometimes the only thing that will stop someone is a bullet.especially if they are a person in a drug induced rage.
Let's be real, we do not really have any principles, we're just following pressure from the West. At the same time, still good to see we're doing the right thing this time.
Wow brother. Can I hire to setup parameter defence in a zombie apocalypse. . You seem very knowledgeable. Impressed.
Now I feel like shit for complaining about $10 minimum wage
Reminds me of the scene from the independence day movie when ships first arrived.
Rumors will usually die down. Official announcements would stay official.
For him to have played the game in another man's rules, he played it well and shown his worth. A new Aljunied voter sways to the WP.
You should always teach your kids to be nice regardless of education. grinning face
While I absolutely agree with not overspending on weddings and honeymoons, it feels bad that you consider your wedding costs as losses . I do not think weddings should be profitable right?
Easier to handle citizens returning than it is for new imports from high risk countries.
Yeah but I think the dev collaborated with KFC for the sim. that is actually their IP.
They dismantled their national service resulting in the 2014 takeover of crimea. Military deterrent must always be a nations first line of defence, not diplomacy.
they eating sashimi in their swimming pool while I am eating beans on toast for breakfast in my underwear at home
Up vote. Lots of love brother. I know it sucks. I am a minority too.
This is a sign that people are pissed off at the Government. Notice this year not many people decorate their car or put flags out? Should make a meme of the boy gangster life
What skill. . All I remember was lame punching and kicking during BCCT in BMT. I did not do anything more advanced than that. I lowly RP only.
Exactly my thought, that is concept art from The Lion King
damn sad sia, just finish interview, got good feeling about being hired, now like that, do not even know whether they will freeze hire, grads from 2019,2020,2021 all being impacted again, so depressing.
Yah. exactly it felt like the kids were being used as a tool to pull money from essentially family members. I hoped they stopped doing this.
Yup looking back this is such a bad idea. I hoped they abolish this already
God could perform a miracle in full view of their eyes and they would still reject it because it does not conform to their extremely narrow views.
Just let the corrupted system crash and burn. it is not the healthcare professionals' job to burn themselves to keep others warm especially when its the management fuck up.
Best technology ever - using sound waves to repair tanks.
She was trying to alight so no one will stomp her
I feel so bad for the people who physically cannot get vaccinated, they would probably kill to be able to get the vaccine
Non voters and probably Ong Ye Kung wrote letter to them so fuck you what's the point of this question
do not even need Russia to do that, see this navy report. http that is the problem with propaganda, it is effective when you keep doing it.
oh my god I know right, they would ask for high fives then throw a dab at you
what do one gets after annexing Ubin? - 2 grocery shops - 2 temples - 1 put up an act stage - 2 seafood restaurant - Approximately 5 dogs & 20 monkeys - 1 neighborhood police post
Huat . But seriously, please take care. do not let 4kg become 5, 5 become 8, 8 become 10, like me. Now I am fighting to make sure 10 does not become 15.
Well, it is just based on my own experiences with women. There's no basis really so it probably is not true.
Oh damn, totally forgot about this dude. His website was recently updated as well. http what the fuck. Dude is really stretching it. http http http
LIE FLAT LIE FLAT LIE FLAT LIE FLAT LIE FLAT!!!!!
I think they are probably dead through, since the Russia did not show them to counter Ukrainian propaganda. The latest report only say that they maybe alive, but is not certain.
planners probably still jack off to the 6 day war even though its geographical context is completely different here
I think the people running the MMTF are paid much much more because Minister level
wow a far right spam account from the usa all the way to china
Bloomberg article came true, we rly still aren't ready to live with covid
Be careful about attracting attention from the authorities with that documentary though.
Isn't 18 years optimistic given the usual age that kids move out these days? Throw in the build-to-order delays and it will take even longer
The offence in the new section 17E(1) and (2) deals with the offence of
The middle finger was what everyone was waiting for. Forget about the rest of the show.
Yes it is him. http In fact he has a youtube account where he spars with legends and regular people from time to time. http
San Francisco Yup and San Francisco is turning into an absolute shit hole. Homeless on the street everywhere. OP does not realise how good he is got it.
If you do a breakdance and they say it is weird, is it racism? Someone can find your dance weird without it being racist.
Officially, there wasn't any reasons for his resignation The conspiracy theory (a.k.a. taxi driver uncle talk) was that he was an alcoholic, and he embrassed our country by being drunk during a diplomatic visit.
Dr Chee could have just ended the mudslinging by saying Singaporeans are smart enough to search for it online. The End. This is not like elections in the 80s and 90s where People's Action Party say liao means its the truth.
If they can talk about an Oppo like that behind his back, imagine what they are saying about us.
This guy is also a covid fearmongerer so Really shows his grasps of facts n logic.
Coming to you live from the scene I just booked a ride from punggol to dakota for $12.40 vs grab's $14.30. Also, PSA that comfort app does not charge administrator fees for cc payment. Fuck grab.
Your mum might have limited wealth as with most people. Vivian's budget was bottomless.
This story is as verified as the other fear-mongering stories about the virus on social media.
otter 1 eh you want gongcha or liho? otter 2 nah I prefer koi otter 1 say no more
Yeah after reading the works by David Benatar, it is hard for me to see otherwise
A bit of constructive feedback, do not take this the wrong way, but the head looks way too small.
Dude I would have done my fastest 2.4km after seeing this shit
Will do, hope I do not get charged for assault or some bullshit
i do not mind giving. DM me on ig yongyichuaaa and yes . not bad 2nd person to get it right
Damnnn this is beautiful ! do you have a twitter/insta/pixiv to follow?
Got crazy christans too. Think it is more of an individual issue via the holier than you attitude. But the institution encouraging this behavior does not help too. This is why i am more aligned to the satanic temple.
This is clever marketing. Well done! Just downloaded app. Much cleaner and simpler than Grab. Will give it a try.
I think his point about summer jobs was that you cannot be working part time and take up a time consuming CCA simultaneously, so an opportunity cost is incurred
Yes, comfort app is also smaller, loads faster, unlike the grab app, which seems on the way of becoming a superapp (I just want the feature of booking a taxi)
oh no not singapore? how is russia going to conquer ukraine now?
Hey, you cannot take shortcut when training for a critical role! This will affect the quality of healthcare and will even possibly endanger the lives of patients if they ain't properly trained.
I tried to visualize this and did not know whether to laugh or be confused
This is the most non Singaporean thing I've seen so far
Government still expects people to have kids despite this utter trash work life balance. Joke
I guess. It won't la, cause that will mean more seats are needed.
I've been saying this. For years we've been advocating for racial tolerance, not racial harmony. That simply isn't enough
but the covid T-line does not necessarily take that long to show up
Right now they are using it to market themselves. But kudos to them!
I only moved out at the age of 31, the amount of money saved was unimaginable. If I had a choice, I wouldn't move out all my life.
Or just tell them you already bought it from the guy at the other MRT station
I had arrangements to meet my friends for a final time before I fly but now I cannot even have that. Thank you for the final memories in Singapore.
people in Singapore covid la kopi comparing People's Action Party to the SS alrd
Great job at catching this considering how it is there but barely audible.
Holy shit. Still? what the fuck are they doing this does not make any sense. Just waiting for Bloomberg to run another piece on this topic.
What happens in the past stay in the past and that does not mean we cannot change for the future. The question will always come to are you living for the past or for the future?
Probably need to change to full grown araipama instead of keeping koi. Then the otters might become free food.
Actually for my sch that time they also taught us how to use a condom, what life is like with sexually transmitted diseases, what to do if things happen, etc. etc. Might be a recent change or maybe just my sch one.
Cue this song from Blue archive http Great job on this though!
And before anyone says oh you need to be married in order to get build-to-order housing before 35 years old. , yes but you can be married without having an extravagant wedding, register as a couple via ROM will suffice.
Interesting, I've never seen Finsky Vodka in Finland even though it seems to be a Finnish product.
If the subject is drunk, taser won't have any effect unfortunately. Could be why they went up higher on the use of force scale
Another reason I want to GTFO of Singapore and move to OZ
Its not the worst country but still one of the worst for sure. Sleep more everyone!
I still do not see the link how an uncle holding an iPad in public is related to Wall-E.
20% of unvaxxed elderly cases died, yeah. Those are grim numbers.
on the ground of religion or religious belief or activity, the use
Wait I've meet this kind of spoke person before a woman as well and I was wearing a mario shirt. She said hello mario . I cringed
OP mentioned in another comment that it is not inf pool tho
I hope you realise the Government can care about more than one issue at once. In fact, that is quite literally what it is supposed to do.
This is the first time I've heard of this! Thank you for sharing
you are not alone, many in the queer community outside Singapore also feel this sense of catching up on lost youth/adolescence
wouldn't be surprised if this is true. typical singaporeans. ungrateful and bet they do not have the balls to work in the frontline. On a side note, respect for all healthcare professionals out there, Singapore would be doomed without yall
I'll be fucking honest, Singapore will rip us a new asshole just by their military strength. Even then, Singapore will has better relation with large countries and also have bigger economic sway.
Girls cannot even tell lab grown diamond Vs real ones just get those lab grown at the fraction of a price will do
The first slide seems to imply that loosening measures is correlated to healthcare workers woes.
If I wanted to, I wouldn't stress that it is unverified. I really got it from FB. Do you want the link? Medal is nothing in real life. I only wanted to share.
Is there any info on the person who recorded? Like did they maybe overheard their conversation bfr the beat down or whatever
I heard about this on the news, this guy slashed smn before coming here and standing outside with the knife. He was yelling incoherently and ignored repeated attempts to drop the knife
If only it isjust this without the actual war on the ground. I will be all for this petty circus.
The students are not going to feel safe going to school anymore
I haven't met any racist 3 or 4 year olds. Racism is a social construct based on power, not ingrained human behavior.
You should start recording these secretly and uploading them to YouTube or something.
15% of them. Out of which a significant number are unvaccinated because they are not mobile. And all. The remaining unvaccinated by choice sure can make a big dent in the economy I am being sarcastic
So was Ronald Reagan he was an actor before he ran for president. Your point being?
Holy shit, I have fragments of this in my memory, but did not understand much then, I was only in lower primary.
escent like foreign workers or new citizens. - Explanatory Statement to the Maintenance of Racial Harmony (Amendment) Act 2019 There's this I guess. cannot think of anything else tho.
that is a great way but buying just one House here is very hard to do so getting 2 is even harder and you cannot even make up for 1 of the houses most of the time
Domestic workers say hi. More than 12 hours 6 days $600 to $750 monthly. Job description is abstract, from washing dishes to washing kids and elderly.
that is kinda gay. unless you rmb to say no homo
I am lazy and not into photography though. Plus, there are three pools more convenient for me
Looking at the prices it is not cheap, but can easily factored in a 3500 rental.
I could see china learning from this episode. The real war might have already started.
This kind of question is allowed, but when I asked a question it got removed. Man, I curse hell to the mods of subreddit of Singapore.
you are slowly understanding that this not mandatory ruling is a wolf in sheeps clothing. When you are slowly removed from society from not accepting an experimental vaccine, it is basically the same as mandatory .
This is why Internet shouldn't exist. There are idiots that cannot differentiate states and its citizens and displays their ignorance by bombarding unnecessary harassments. Huh? Wdym I am using Reddit?
This story would make sense in Wuhan, but in Singapore with 33 cases, it makes no sense.
I wasn't being sarcastic, I genuinely thought this hadn't been done before. Why haven't they promoted it to the public? edit On second thought, I think I was subconsciously influenced by the FBU. I think I've heard of it before.
police in my old hometown shot dead a knife-wielding perp after he stabbed a k9 officer. It was probably a fusillade The officer was rushed to the vet where he died of his injuries. rest in peace.
Yeah but you know that there are lesbians who transitioned from male to female right. Moot point
$50 meal is peanuts to her. I think you mean $600,000
Upvotes on this subreddit is quite rare. But this one deserves it.
Someone very dear to me sought similar help when they needed it, and I am grateful they made that choice every day. I am sorry you are in a position to explain yourself. Good on you for seeking help when you need it.
Apologies if you have tried this route already, but your doctor also excluded you from taking Sinovac/Sinopharm as well?
So I guess herd immunity plan just went out the window right? This plan is stupid.
The only reason I hated my work was the lack of sleep. I just cannot get my sleeping schedule to conform to the 9 to 5
Glad we are on the same page then. because your original comment definitely led to a lot of misunderstanding.
Might wanna go grind some levels in crafting. Start with woodworking then spec into goldsmith
, if only you had cropped a tiny little bit - or used content-aware refill to remove that line in the top right.
Who the fuck pays $3.600 per month for a 67 m2 apartment? edit I wouldn't even consider a racist landlord and hypocrite in the first place. But the price is so much beyond believable
The reason why we constantly have US navy ship at our dock.
Thank you Yu Mengyu! You inspired my kids to pursue ping-pong! Your indomitable spirit is clearly shown here. You did win my kid's heart!
the last update was in jan where they say he will be held in boys home while the police investigate. hmm then no update. http
They did use the stick. on mandatory tray return. shaking my head
Who Would like to hear a rebuttal or defence from the minister of education. Kee Chiu?
We need the bot to reset the counter here
Not much you can do when they just pack their bags and go home , one month deposit might not even be enough to cover
I am clapping for these young people today. clapping hands clapping hands They're standing up for what is right and demonstrating profiles of courage.
NANI!! When ito missed the ball and held the racket like it is a ice cream stick
Appearently dutch people get the most but i havent noticed much of it
that is because everyone is kicking the can down the road.reap the rewards now and they expect a rescue to happen later.they expect either some developer or Government swoops in and en bloc.
Guys it is all good, we do not have to worry about the treatment of migrant workers anymore cause USER just said they got a letter.
Artillery shelling in the background. MTF We will continue observing the situation
Ya and imagine the adrenaline pumping in the officer. Like what's going on in his mind having just fired a round into a suspect as he ends his shift. Must be shocking at least
Government really does take better safe than sorry all the wrong ways.
what's so puzzling? Bullying and victimisation will always happen no matter what decade. Mental health and nervous breakdowns, also the same.
While I understand your point, can I argue that without using the money inside the cpf as a 20% down payment, it'll be very hard for us to buy a house? Or what other solutions do you suggest, I am curious
Explain to me what you think I am saying, unless planting your flag on understanding the word geopolitical is all you had in reserve.
That uncle's toughguy reflexes on point, no hesitation straight away must shoot like he just came back from two tours in 'Nam.
I thought ban already? Unless he wants Singaporeans to be kept out also?
fulltime national serviceman can do shit. Source was once a shitting fulltime national serviceman
I have friends who say they want to chiong gym these few days to maximize before the closedown Just fucking close it the very next day what's so hard about it No iron in this 4g ministers
all we are asking for is frank honesty Ouch, tough one. Only if it fits the convenient narrative.
yep, salient points look right. That daughters comment just raised a red flag for me.
Please do not disrespect our mighty scholars. They are the best of the best of the best clown face
The China market is 1.4 billion big. How big is the Singapore market? did not someone say in the 2018 national day rally that we are price takers?
It can, if you make a donation and Principal admits you on his discretion.
or enter the world of children with realistic expectations for things you need to give up/spend less on
Seeing the chinese equivalent for 'axe' sent a shiver down my spine. This is a tragedy.
Think you may be exempted, as are kids under 11, and those with a negative test under the new rules http
It might happen in the next 20 years or so - acceptance is still not too high.
You doctor yet? do not talk to me until you doctor.
They are like 4x older than secondary school age children, yet here they are trash talking. How can we trust such immature people to run our Government?
and here another virtual hug from your Malaysian neighbor in Borneo
Wonder how many suckers actually paid to watch his stuff. What an irony.
so fans of soccer teams shouldnt say we won!! when their team wins right because they actually never do shit? people who watch olympics also cannot cheer for their country i guess since they sitting on their asses at home
I believe there was another kid dabbing at the president or sth liddat someone make a compilation of Singapore's bright future
Probably because it also includes Bangladesh, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka and not just India. These variants have already spread to surrounding countries.
not going to lie, i actually enjoyed the first 1, maybe because i was a botak serving the nation in tekong when it came out. the 2nd one i did not quite enjoy because i only wanted to know the ending. .
was it the one where they fought in an arena
Sounds like a good way to get your ass kicked when the assailant hears you ratting on him.
Is this the same minister who did not hear the old man at the market when he was trying to ask for help?
Its not just the elderly, other age groups (students and young adults) have yet to reach vax level that is high enough as well.
And the second last part We're going back to 2 and a half years.
We can thank our friendly neighbourhood chikopeks for going to karaoke lounges. Which of course, karaoke lounges stands for Kena The Virus
I understand your analogy but honestly . It does happen in the workplace. it is very common in tech
if there is a rainy season singapore weather hold my beer
It is Asia my friend. Taiwan is also quite strong against the jobs, even that some of them can get way higher monthly income that the white collar jobs.
Yup! Incoming patients are triaged. The people who are waiting 10-15 hours should really go to urgent care instead of a&e.
I am not the only one thinking that is going to attract lots of creeps and pedophiles right?
Do you think in 1-2 generations there will be a chance for reform?
Also the reason why LTK came up with the east strategy. If they canvass the whole region over the intervening years, it does not matter as much how People's Action Party gerrymanders the boundaries, they would have covered the ground.
Oh my bad. I am dense and did not comprehend your message correctly
If you pay with masterpass, the administrator fee is waived.
Singapore has an absolutely massive housing shortage. So what you are seeing is the price of resale units being bidded upwards as incomes rise. It wouldn't be a problem if the Government built enough housing.
This does not just sound like typical homophobia from the Government. It sounds like PM Lee wanting to save the precious birth rate, with the emphasis on heterosexual
You are a wise girl. The lessons you have learned on treating others is valuable and will stay with you for life. Best to you and your future!
What's your specific role there that lets you watch it for free? Are you the guy who puts the film into the projector? I heard that there's a very tone-deaf scene of how they handle suicide
So long as there are pricks like Putin, there will be reasons.
Sending all my love and prayers to all healthcare workers. Thank you all.
India is damm big, what if they are spread out across the different cities of India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh?
yup, that is the downside of a civil suit it is often about who has more money to draw out the lawsuit.
Yea and nobody really wants to address this head on.
Sorry about that, I meant Abhramic religions, which compromises of Judaism, Christianity, Islam and more. While modern followers of Judaism generally do not proselytize, the religion is considered an actively proselytizing religion till the time of Constantine. http http
Then ask him to produce MC to the coy smirking face Giving him a taste of his own medicine.
Ummm how to uninstall if I do not have Grab installed to begin with.? (maybe I am just behind the times, but I do my cabbing by phone booking)
in before. Long q everywhere in singapore as people rush to dine in for the last time and to stock up before Sunday.
Those people cannot help. The only thing you can do is ignore
I agree, interpreting it as Putin is justified is a real leap.
it is still hard after 7 hours of uninterrupted rest So how?
No it is a fire apparently at the Lotte Chemical Titan factory in Pasir Gudang
nice. Ask them how much they earn per hour doing this. Then recommend some lobang saying this promotor earn more.
Normal after chain queuing moba games in South East Asia server yes.
Meanwhile the Singapore Government does not Insist on vaccinations. Constant restrictions but the one thing that will help us get back to normal is being ignored. Having been so focused to date why are they failing so badly now?
So getting into RI is the benchmark is it? Just asking for the rest of Singapore.
Boy oh boy. Whatever happened to every school is a good school ? Say for fun only ?
Cuba's far, but Russia did not mind. It is also not just Malaysia that will love to take a bite from us.
Less an infestation, more like nature hitting back at development.
To be honest I was a little racist toward other races when I was young too, mostly due to influence from my parents and relatives. Elders need to stop saying racist things towards kids or they'll think it is acceptable.
If you think the issue is money and not the fact that they basically might as well not have a life outside of work, then you are very very clearly missing the point
Kids have bullied other kids, even with the same skin as theirs. Acquired behaviour, yes. In the context of OP, no
not being able to get vaccinated every person has different conditions tho. Some is unable to take cause of allergies like me, some is purposely do not want take one. So yeah.
Asking someone to wear deo is just mean. Even if it rlly stinks only super close friends or family can say stuff like that it is just social etiquette to not comment on BO. Sighs
Just replace the caption with fulltime national serviceman stuff . This meme format is very evergreen
Different sis. You got kid is the ultimate ping an fu already
Folks in Singapore are that vehement about mask policy? What's the story with having a badge? edit Thanks for the down vote? Guess I shouldn't be interested in other cultures?
, screw that all you need is a criminal willing to steal it all in hopes of distributing it to the poor i.e Robin Hood style
Self entitlement? That seems to represent you more given that you ignore all statements proving you wrong, insist on being disrespectful with your lgbtwhatever , while thinking that you are correct and everyone else is wrong.
ive always wanted to see pictures of singapore edited with anime art style. beautiful work!
I think its normal with the asian mindset of the previous gen. Its wrong but that mindset probably came from the way they lived back then, lets just hope we can break the cycle when we become parents )
If you do not earn much above 4.5 then I do not think you should have 2 kids in the first place.
Is it possible to learn this power? Reject humanity. Return to money
I am not even religious but the concert looks fun to be to be honest Cause I am so bored with my current life ugh wish there was something to do
To everyone that responded to me in Feb and March when I was pushing for us to vaccinate quickly, and they said 'we have low cases here, less risk to not get vaccinated' - a deep and hearty FUCK YOU.
No worries brother! We saw it coming last week already. Its a matter of time only
Pakcik seems like his bitter man projecting his jealousy. honestly as a Muslim myself that is the thing I do not really like about how there's a very forceful approach towards teaching Islam, it is such an off-putting approach to be honest
China not just watching & waiting till they move in on Taiwan ?
Take my upvote, I would give a 100 if I could
that is because they fill the rest of the day with bier and schnitzel. Where got time to sleep!
The one who gave that name must have been a big fan of Kpop.there a member of super junior name henry but he no longer in the group.
They've fucked up vaccine orders. that is been clear for a long time
No shame in losing to world no. 3! Also loling at the comments on fb saying she china, etc etc. Useless armchair critics.
What i presume i look like vs how i actually look like to others
Who's getting the most sleep? Definitely not me and my two hours clown face
I feel like Halimah might stay and organize some kind of mass cooking effort to feed the troops. But Lee Hsien Loong is really quite frail and will need to be protected in a bunker.
did Singaporean Government policy at any point assume all schools are equally hard to get into? Isnt every school is a good school about making sure all schools offer high quality education, not that all schools are literally equal?
SAFRA wedding is quite cheap right? do not need so many tables also la
I think it also has to do with no one wanting to embarrass themselves if they mess up the help, at least that is what happens to me.
Front What my mother says I look like. Back What my SO says I look like. Actual Colonel statue ( http What I really look like.
I am just turning 21 this year. I will not forget this part of our history and will vote accordingly in the next GE.
Search twitter, people from Johor also seeing this. Prob port/factory fire
ask them help fight covid already so hard. you want talk about war? siao.
she came to Singapore when she was 17 to play, I think she is Singaporean as most of us are.
Can confirm there used to be a polish bakery next door I am being sarcastic
Fat Anvil Studios! Looks like they are still running it.
I was coincidentally observing this cloud before it became a storm cloud
Why is Vigilanteh so popular and well liked by many Singaporean?
Dude, in 2001 on my 1st day in primary 1 i learnt every curse word in the book BEFORE lessons even started
Laugh crying this. PTSD. Also bothers me that the sun is still out, only one book is open, no grills on the window and no musical instrument in sight. .
oh shit I did not expect to summon you over SHOOOO!!!
Thanks! I had so much trouble getting it not marked as spam.
I think some screaming from a teacher was worth immortality on the Internet.
Well I saw that Defence Minister Ng Eng Han did wear standard battle order and helmet before also.
Disagree. Unless they were rude to you in the first place.
do not worry, if those defensive parents make a scene here they will be instantly chased out
There was one time my malay colleague and I went to donki to buy snacks. Went back to office with it and the old malay aunty started scolding him saying HARAM HARAM. Really spoiled the mood for the day.
I've moved a couple times in the last 2 years and have just seen postings say no Indian tenants. Where in the city have you seen 'no PRC' postings?
I remember seeing a video about actions of Government what they could do and couldnt do. Some things they will actively promote, some things will prohibit, and some things they neither promote/prohibit. do not remember the title anymore.
then I'll do it myself. - words never heard in Singapore
Yah because when you change words, you change situations and meaning.
The credit card salesman does not yell that you are going to Hell for not buying his credit card
I quote my BMT encik. Are you a bloody doctor? No? Neither one of us is qualified to determine your fitness for training. No MC no talk. MARCH!
Felt proud to be a FR resident when I saw the news. There are massive protests around this though but I hope the Government will remain firm.
You should be staying at home for a different reason. covid community cases at an all time high
My Sincere thanks to the voters in Seng Kang, and also Aljunied and Hougang (for not paying heed to the many cheap shots the People's Action Party employed against the WP over the years). Thank you all
Not sure what was going on in this guy's mind to attack a guy like that. Straight up killer should be given the death penalty.
First thing that popped in my head when I read the headline was Feels like we only go backwards by Tame Impala.
We will stand up for everyone and be inclusive. As long as they fit into our notion of what is normal.
brother how about you try shutting the fuck up. mega cringe if you ask me
Tell them to piss off next time and stop wasting your time.
I think it is unpractical. You do not use your king in chess to fight a pawn
I am at Tampines and I did not feel anything Same too.
It'll sound rude but you are not obliged to entertain them, maybe be firm, & say no in the future when you encounter anymore salespeople be it from Storytel or not.
I never understood and still do not understand why people have to be such dicks sometimes. Seriously, who benefits from you being a dipshit to others?
ye and here I thought there was no hope for my old primary school henry park, I am delighted. fuck the police!
Not going to affect me much, because I do not even have 5 friends to go out with. )
So it is closed for 1m? Nice PS attempt but the font is wrong and the sign is mirrored . But still funny
It must be difficult. Closing a business that you poured your blood, sweat and tears into is never easy. I am in the same boat as you too.
With this kind of last minute knee jerk reaction it better be 2k+
it is all about perspective. Thanks for showing the abundance of choices we have
to be honest, you cannot deny the Government is relatively competent. Only problem is there are some areas which they have not devoted their effort to improve, and thus fall behind other issues that were given priority. Public pressure may help.
Or for wearing a mask Looking at someone, even when minding your own business some people just want to beat other people up
hammer NEW WP TRIFECTA hammer hammer HOUGANG SENGKANG ALJUNIED hammer
I know right but I think she genuinely wanted to comfort the poor, soggy moggy.
Wow. your artworks are amazing!!! How much time do you spend on each?
it is the % of dead by age and vax status. So if each bar added together does not equal 100% which dead aren't counted?
I've seen live stream from Wuhan. The supermarkets are still stocked EVEN TODAY. They were shopping as normal with no crazy queues when the lockdown happened.
Looking forward to this OP! I've been eagerly waiting for this since the first post
its like personal Facebook. I tot we friend? We all do not want to friend you liao
i just finished my final year of university and wanted to celebrate by focusing on gains covid really said no (
The Russian delegate is rambling on with the expected Russian rhetoric right now in the UN emergency session. How can one be so full of shit? . . , .
Does anyone snort vinegar? Later boss say 'eh knnbccb you put vinegar in your nose right' rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing I am being sarcastic
LPT wear headphones. wear earphones. act like you cannot listen to them. this has been my go to way to avoid salesperson approaching me! and ignore them if they try to get your attention )
Perhaps the June holidays will be brought forward now that the rules are tightening and schools are progressively moving to home based learning
Summary of comment section Singapore sucks, but your life do not have to suck. Find meaning in whatever you choose to do and appreciate life itself.
this reminds me of the cookhouse uncles standing beside you and staring at you while you rate their meals
Brompton bikes darn the person got foresight of what's popular in 2020s
becos when they see chio bu they inside become hard
I just want lift a kid up and it will remind me of lion king.
Tighten your buckles. Due to the incorrect decisions made by the 4G to continue keeping the borders open to highly infected countries, we are paying the price again, another year on. pensive face
I think their ultimate intention is to just lower the cases so that the intensive care unit won't be overloaded, and they are desperate now, so since the unvax are the minorities 20%, it'd be easier to just target them.
my money's on her trying to escape and save herself
yeah heard about this incident from my parents too, most younger generations wouldn't even know this though, it is not something the People's Action Party wants the people to remember.
Lolz to the person saying do not call it flip flopping
But you have artificial meat for ecological reasons, so you are surely advanced on the climate change question right ? I am being sarcastic
Ohh cool. I know we invented the polymer notes, I did not know we sold the rights to other places. We invented a lot of things down here, which I think is awesome for our tiny population.
My friend was one of the OC and he instantly sent it to us through Facebook chat
Aim for the appendix . One shot can do healthcare also.
Asshole sits comfortably in his car and runs his mouth, why am I not surprised?
Zelensky is literally on the front lines right now in body armour and with a rifle, what are you talking about?
people who live on paycheck to paycheck spend money on luxuries rather than save, because in a poverty mindset it is better to spend what you have and enjoy it before it gets taken from you. it is a common psychological problem.
No idea what school they were in but I only had 25 minutes when I was in secondary school.
fuck later unvaxxed kid with high viral loads infect their ahgong ahma y'all wanna complaint a lot Government isit
Its even sadder when you find out most people OT for free.
Those who cannot medically take the vaccine are the ones that should be protected the most. Better to have them stay at home
, sure sure, blame the many bloody boring rigs deployed that is been digging for over a year and now then decide they induce tremors rolling on the floor laughing
Obviously that wasn't fair to you at all. Such a braindead die-die-must-go-by-the-book decision.
super random but they remind me of the Mad Monks from Sierra's Lode Runner
Just hand over putin and maybe we will stop the sanctions.
Eh no half-measures please, want to do then go all the way. Enforce WFH for all companies. I want to sleep in. Thanks.
Most likely because it is right outside the police station. Protected Places Act makes the armed officers on higher alert on these kind of conflicts.
Yeah. Pay from Grab can be equivalent to many entry level jobs. You can decide your own hours as well. But Grab does not value-add to your resume in anyway so that is one big downside.
housing market is insane now. people are offering above asking price in order to get homes. and landlords/agents are jacking up the prices to make people pay even more
they do not hv all the details and they scared later student leak (possibly wrong) info st/cna prob outside yr sch alr ( edit do not talk to reporters)
Sorry but which country isn't like this? Cause I would sure like to know
you are going to get downvoted to hell, but I 100% agree with you
So you are saying in Singapore you can have BOTH a wedding AND a house?
ask you all to clap never clap. see now how?
I do not think anyone in a similar position has commited a crime on that level since
Respect chart increasing proud of her to take Singapore so far into the competition
Ironic isn't it? They can call us Murtad but we cannot call them out.
They used them to solicit payment from building tenants, Hurdy-Gurdy Hare ( http
You run like hell and make sure you are 1 in queue. But school only ran from 7.30AM to around 1.30pm so we do not have as long as a day as Singapore does.
I can definitely see that. No idea why the downvotes.
I believe it stems () from the use of rattan to make canes.
I've been unemployed for a year as a musician. All my fellow music professionals are still waiting for the economical benefits of open borders to trickle down!
Fully vaccinated without Booster as described in the chart legend
MMMMMM CAI PNG AUNTY , i want MMMMM ZHE GE MMMMMM NA GE MMMMMMM ok la can liao kali zhi please
Can I give you an honarary gild for this? All this while I've been referring to them as meme vs bigger meme or monkey vs spongebob
Exactly. When your training turns to blowing up civilian buildings, maybe you should realise something fishy is going on and stop?
we vaccinate 70%++ 1st dose 48%++ 2nd dose but we lock down
and then one of the alumni had just wondered a bit too loudly, how did you all make it there? P
Because our politicians run Singapore as Singapore Inc and everything goes through a CBA calculus, if you expect them to take lead on moral positions you are barking up the wrong tree.
If in following the Twitter posts correctly, the police originally offered them to move somewhere first. Then when they did not want to then they gave the move on order.
Currently gyms already have queue systems to prevent entry once capacity is reached. So this is false. Users in the gym will remain the same but you may experience longer queues or more competition for the same number of slots.
i thought you were kidding but turns out the cash insensitive really is $3000 .
Maybe you can give it a shot then! If you have access to unrestricted views it is always good to check them out for photo opportunities.
people also have the general perception that having the vaccine meant that they cannot get it, so even if they have symptoms it is ok, do not need to see doctor. The vaccination process should have been done at a faster pace
The moment the WFH mandate was over last week, I was told to come back every day. I am 100% certain that they aren't going to revert that.
Man, I am sure the LGBTQ+ tech community is dying to come work in Singapore after this
4) Deploys Internet Brigade They are busy in another subreddit thread making fun of LMW's stutter.
Most people do not get to see this because Singaporeans work longer hours than the Sun.
Rip 6th, 7th and 8th friend of the group. You are eliminated. I am the 9th friend of the group so no difference.
I cannot say that Singaporeans are brazenly racist or xenophobic. I can, however, say that most Singaporeans are largely elitist and classist.
The best story I had when I was in the service. Some crab asked me which school did I go? I answered SP and then he just ignored me the entire night.
I am just a naive person that do not know anything on buying a house, but I supposed that you can pay hdb in cash?
Well they won't ever admit it definitely, but maybe it'll start some discussions in the back (wishful thinking)
Do you have any idea why Gerald Giam opposes repeal? Is it a religious thing as well?
if I remember correctly it was a golden toilet tap that started the whole investigation
No because it is like being on a bus with the bus driver
Oh they do. They do know what the word BAN means. As in, Dining is in BANned until 18 August. Oh, you are fully vaccinated? Still BAN .
Are you telling me that life in Ukraine is close to Czech living ever since Euromaiden?
Punggol otter family - the mum otter passed away on national day, prior to that, three of the five pups went missing, presumably dead. Dad otter taking care of the two pups left. it is a tough life sometimes.
This tweet has another angle from Johor Kilang Lotte Titan, Pasir Gudang. Got from group whatsapp. Not sharing link because sometimes they're blocked. it is a factory/refinery fire
I think its best to nurture a trusting, non-judgy relationship with your niece and when she's interested/curious, she'll come to you for answers.
Defused what? A peaceful protest of five people? This wasn't the US coup, brother.
I feel sorry for you when you need flashy materials to validate yourself.
I voted for WP because Nicole Seah. Also thought hey maybe it'll be funny if the DPM isn't re-elected. Also also WP came to my door knock knock say hi but People's Action Party did not. Also also also the reasons you mentioned.
I bought this from Shoppee! I guess they changed the design so the younger kids can relate to the device better. The one I had as a kid was also the game boy colour version.
One slight knock and my achievement is down to ruins already rolling on the floor laughing
I doubt so. And as courageous as the Ukrainian president is, there is no denying that he is using this as a rallying call for his citizens as well as to make a show to his international colleagues.
It does look like the rear of ICA to me as well. Less chance of being caught there.
that is stupid. No one ever looked at big, gross smelly pig and thought, mmmmm- . I mean I love bacon, but pigs look gross.
Not to forget Ong Ye Kung put up a stellar performance. Anyone who goes up against him tomorrow will need to minimally match that.
Pretty sure nobody else wants to get their ass kicked by this dude
Always wanted to do this but how did your protect your cam from the rain?
yeah thanks I think we'll do fine. Good luck with Brexit and not trying to go crawling back to the EU
Whatever it takes to get you to stay away, buddy.
Indeed, I am already dreading the next variant. it is like a never ending nightmare.
other than not being able to bring a medal back for Singapore Once she retires from active sports, she can also coach a new generation or two of players, who will bring many medals back!
Lower & mid floors did not feel anything. Our Condo WhatsApp group everyone on high floors felt it
Not yet Phase 1. Events still can 50 people without pre-event testing. And schools are still allowed to operate at full capacity.
Think if the situation gets worse, that will be the next thing up for the chopping block in terms of restrictions. Gyms died first before swimming pools the first time around.
people who does not have a brain will have their cpf as a fallback so.
cannot trust this gen leadership for anything I do not even believe these measures are only until end of month
to be honest I did not even know that school was the school that president yusof went to.
The Government cannot since there are people who cannot get vaccinated because their health conditions make them severely allergic to the vaccine. Unless the Government make special exceptions for them, they can make it mandatory.
that is why they want to take Pulau Brani in 2042. ( http
Just close borders with high risk countries then everything settle liao
if they had the kind of foresight and technocratic ability that they claim to have, they would have diversified our manpower sources instead of relying so much on one single country. high salary high expectations
Honestly you buy a diamond ring, zirconia ring and crystal ring, all same cut, same size put infront of them the will not be able to tell which is which.
I literally have trouble staying asleep for more than 6-7 hours. I wake up automatically even without alarm. it is pretty fucking annoying. On the rare days I manage to sleep 8 hours or more I feel so energetic
I am a fan of all of their headwear. Especially that grey velvety looking one
Nice! I shot a similar one at Ubin few weeks ago! Google Lens say its a Golden Orb Weaver.
it is adorable how they press their tails against the walls for more stability
Yeah I felt the same. No trained fighter would stomp so.eone like they're trying to crush a can.
saw this on subreddit of all . we made it again bois
That savage burn. Take my east coast vote for the East Coast so WP can have a East Coast plan as well
Well played, they have some balls. And now with their arrest, the Government is seen as 'the bad guy.'
Jiayou! I hardly go out the last year and half also.
oh my god how to open windows.the monkeys can literally enter the houses.
I guess that petty shade comes from a man whose parents chose to give him a woman's name person shrugging light skin tone
Exactly there are shitty people everywhere. Then why your first post make it seem only Singaporeans are shitty. My reply is to tell ur post is flawed.
Want to point out that Australia imposed travel bans on India after us, but yeah
And the Government does not do anything to clarify this mindset How should the Government be clarifying this mindset? Aside from the various ( http websites ( http they have.
I mean, equality means everyone has the same rights and is treated the same way and if you want your nation to be equal, it needs to be equal in every aspect or it isn't equal.
The school gives this to the students to show parents .
And Malaysia is also in the ring wrong timezone, so both Singapore and Malaysia are both offenders. Singapore could have changed to +7 GMT after gaining independence but it did not do so.
I am kinda out of the loop,what exactly is this refrencing?
some neighbourhood sch in the south? or southwest I do not know the region proper
No problem. These trees are quite common in secondary forests around Singapore
I LOVE THIS. oh my god its one of my favourite shows. Thank you for making the rest of my day so much more enjoyable
Who says we are all an echo chamber and will make no difference? WE DID IT!
good informational post! why did not you include the entirety of their post tho?
And it worked. I've been using Grab just because I am used to it, had no idea Comfort was so much cheaper. Just downloaded the app and set up an account. Sick of Grab's monopoly.
I know but at the same time is fair game for me to criticise them for trying to skew the data presentation for their purposes
Once I was holding my 'dabao' lunch, and this storytel sales girl asked if the lunch was for her. . Sorry I do not have this crap sense of humour.
you are the talent singaore fucking needs whens the anime series coming out Kimi Espanado Fullertani
Use absolute numbers . percentage is deceiving. 1 out of 2 unvaxxed is 50%, 100 out of 10k vaxxed is only 1%.
walked the ground How dare you ask the minister to walk?! On the filthy ground, no less!
Ok but I'll give you 35 seconds of my time. I am being sarcastic
Imagine being the principal and classmates. The princi will be known as 'murder school Princi'. The classmates of the murderer and victim will carry heavy heart for a long time. I guess the counselors are working on them right now
It absolutely is terrible. I have two friends who had to close up shop. They started out full of hope and optimism. Nothing hurts more than seeing your dreams dashed in front of your eyes.
Yes, but what I also meant was, for almost all, if not all debates, no audience or a controlled audience must be enforced
not going to lie I would totally jump into the pool and join them
I am sorry you had to go through that dude. people need to know that God guides whom He wills.
Suddenly it'll be claiming Russia needs to send forces to protect 'Russian speaking singaporeans' smirking face
Yes, but genuinely curious what the process is to apply for a permit to protest. How difficult is it to get a permit?
it is not an unpopular opinion, have you visited subreddit of titanfolk , its all the manga readers constantly shitting on the ending and it is hilarious Ok the subreddit is funniest when a new episode comes out
Wonder if the spider got bitten by radioactive human, what will be its powers?
as a muslim also you do not go full on rage. Not even what our religion teaches us. Just ignore if you got nothing good to say. brother Moment shaking my head
Virgin national service is for Singapore 's defense vs Chad national service prepares you for working in Singapore
Lee Kuan Yew will rise up from his grave and save the imbecile
Well done Singapore Government, bravo. it is a big, big commitment to sponsor sanctions against Russia many others are standing by and watching. Good on you for showing big balls.
i think bad people are just bad people. they use religion as excuse. that is all. similarly, the same dude would still be a bad person as an atheist.
Coldstore was the one that is in the social studies textbook as the communist threat problem plaguing Singapore's early days. Spectrum is only getting the spotlight recently with the advent of social media
And a reaction gif legend is born.expect big things from this gif.
Even as a Singaporean i did not know that fact. I just thought it was a generic school.
Looking like that Senpai Sanders has probably not touched fried chicken in his entire life
Amazing, he had his mask on the whole time, I cannot even keep my mask from slipping when I am talking.
Because it def wasn't their own hard work, it was the premium herbal soup they drank I am being sarcastic So glad Ministry of Education stopped revealing who the top scorers were so these companies cannot profit off them.
I would take it as a grocery store you do not need to enter via a mall. There are plenty of large standalone grocery stores. However I do not know if those small HDB Fairprice / HAO Marts count as large?
What can I say? Trashmaker does as advertised. cannot believe he is not been banned yet. did not know Zukiff was a hardcore People's Action Party supporter, just know him for a string of deluded posts on other issues
The management who create the policies are usually not the ones doing the work. In both private or public sector.
Post- World War Two (if we were to limit it geographically to Singapore.) Boomers had it good, reaping the rewards of our country going from third world to first.
in my opinion turning on/off mic shouldn't be an option. mic should be turned on at all times during parliament sitting
yeah this is what I meant, did not phrase it well
Yeah, I am in my early thirties and I find it silly as fuck when people still ask about what school I was from. It makes me think that they have done nothing else worthwhile in their adult life after they graduated.
if I remember correctly, Sq117 was the first time Singaporeans learnt about SOF's existence.
wholly agree, but i do not see it changing anytime soon. sad but true.
Well, at least civil fines are cheaper than a certain person's tolerance.
Reply My mind is a closed book and very much like my wallet.
We rushed into Afhanistan. That did not go well for us
Do you work an office job in Singapore? people like these nutcases are as common as mynahs. And not just Singaporeans too, Malaysians are just as bad. Sometimes I feel that PRCs are more courteous than locals in my office.
What news? Destroy reputation? VB has done a ton of crap in recent memory and he is not going anywhere.
Honestly the CSJ/Vivian spat off really really helped legitimise WP's position, reminding people that WP is not there as an opposition JUST to oppose People's Action Party but can and has always been there to supplement and critique on People's Action Party's policies!
Feels like we're being punished for the G's mistakes
It sounds better than the life of an average human on this planet.
Not the first time they cast Colonel Sanders as the romantic lead http
None of these are even remotely the same angle as OPs.
we're talking about the ability of the healthcare system to cope, not with the number of cases. this isnt 2020 dude
This right here is why I've always suspected the Singapore Government has a hidden chemical weapons stockpile somewhere. With the sheer amount of chemical engineering here make something like that easy to hide.
Some people will never learn that citizens of a country are completely separate than the Government that rules over them
Personal anecdote as well - i think there is also a bug that isnt covid going around. My whole family got sick but everyone tested negative, so have to go doctor for mc.
that is life innit - survive, procreate and die. It applies to all life, not just Singaporeans.
In Hillview. My mom just broke a ceramic bowl. She's muttering why the bowl fell by itself.
When Making friends with everyone and Do anything but do not get caught collide
You all watch too many hollywood movies. No such thing as shoot to wound. If you are not planning to kill someone, you do not shoot at them.
Sitting in ops room, staring at screen, counting how many more shift to operationally ready date
So capped at two people - ok. What if you have 4 in your family, you live together. Are you not allowed to go out together?
Just put the 200,000 elders in Tekong. Give them weapon. Survival of the fittest. Problem solved I am being sarcastic
Damn. higher resolution and I would gladly use this as my wallpaper. Is this from jw marriot?
i just started a habit to gym nearly everyday even if its just a bit now closed aaaaaaa help (
that is what happens when the electorate keeps returning a ruling party supermajority.
Why do people keep saying this guy is trained ? He literally went for standard knee and elbow strikes. No need to be trained what to do all that.
If anyone is not sure if this is fake, the light on the right sign is the opposite of the one on the left sign.
Weren't they visiting? I think the other three took the lift instead.
I wonder if Valu$ will get to remain open this time round?
No point emailing them when they are the ones actively hiring people to scam people like you. Call the bank directly for a chargeback and better yet call the police on them
.and this was what inspired Lionel Shriver to write We Need to Talk About Kevin. Parents will always wonder about nature vs nurture.
An amazing humble player. So proud of how far she has come!! Looking forward to the upcoming team event.
In Portland, OR a few years back a couple of guys tried to defend a Muslim woman on the MAX public train who was being attacked and they got both their throats slit and killed by the attacker.
I've seen so many explosions today, I thought this was in Ukraine until I saw the subreddit name.
i have thought of this some time back and looks like our ideas are similar
It was originally called south Park but name was changed to improve its image after this incident I am being sarcastic
I am pretty sure you can get jailed for that shit in Singapore. And just because you are free to do something does not mean you have to do it unless you are ok with being an absolute asshole.
I was simping for Nicole also, if HSK wasn't at East Coast, I bet she would've won also
Germany throwing shade! If the Russian Government actually cared about peace, they wouldn't be attacking Ukraine
try CDG new app called zig! got $3 and $5 promo code that you can find on their ig
What makes you think Jamus would even want to join the People's Action Party? Any person with a conscience wouldn't.
Why isn't dining in allowed for those who are vaccinated ?
You are right except for a bouldering case I really cannot recall any such incidents I guess their cronies does not really much stake in the karaoke lounges and fitness business
I think seeing Lee Hsien Loong in standard battle order + rifle would be an overall decrease to morale if anything. Nothing conveys we're fucked more effectively than seeing your 70 year old head of State gearing up for actual combat.
Literally planning on joining savc. Wasn't able to do national service but I still wanna do BMT in case anything happen to Singapore
I was told that Vivian was quite an unlikely People's Action Party last time. But time passes and things changed.
You really cannot be roasting people when you are a guy that is named Vivian
that is interesting information. I know about alcohol but first time hearing about black market pork.
You can start making silver jewellery by buying some files, silver, jewellery rouge and silver solder from riogrande. Then get blowtorch from pasar malam, borax flux from Carousell and start crafting.
Given east timor's history, it isn't too surprising. Larger countries could be bothered.
Why blame the agents though? it is the client's preference not theirs
ACS boys do not need financial literacy because money grows on trees for them.
You do not HAVE to do anything. If you want to be polite that is on you but do not impose your standards on me.
except gender is a social construct, which can be deconstructed to include more definitions as society progresses. sorry if we leave you behind.
Please do not use this picture or at least state that this picture was taken in 2021 when he was inspecting the front lines
Just wait 30 years for all the boomers to become old and senile.we'll have the real power then.
The last last part Would you like to serve national service, or would you like to serve national service?
Have you considered applying for a PPO against your parents? Sounds horrendous
it is very infuriating to see some Singaporeans defending Russia and madman Putin actions on CNA/ST Facebook and describing all these as western propaganda.
You mean the tenant will have to handle the deep cleaning costs themselves?
must have hired some retired encik to run their social media
So going to hire more SDA to enforce, can artificially solve unemployment and GDP, till real world economics catch up
Just write or go to MPS and tell them what you think
Yes! I was very impressed by the storytelling and production, all top notch. Can rival Serial and those other US journalism podcasts.
If only the bystanders had Singapore secure installed, none of this would've happened! I am being sarcastic
Very sad to see this. My first thought when I saw secondary school kids working hard at sheng shiong as cashier was wow, such nice kids, working hard during holidays. Wanted to praise them but too paiseh to do so.
i think the Government knows something we do not and they're rly freaking out
So the only form of socializing allowed from this Sunday onwards is to go on dates? Alright no more excuses lads.
I had a classmate who tricked me into going there with him, the message was cool I guess but the songs were awkward and I did not really wanna be there
You said it yourself - they are being insensitive. So are you really asking if it is okay to be insensitive?
Yeh. iam indian, ban it. covid has spread too much.
that is some impressive scaling. i never thought of what great climbers monkeys could be
. or people capable of critical thinking and thinks Bill Gates is the source of all their trouble.
I am sure Iris Koh and her mental ward will say that those are fake numbers and there are thousands who died from vaccination and covered up by the globalists .
We needed a bigger place. And we did not want to sell the house I grew up in for sentimental reasons.
How to mandate? Are you going to go into their homes and forcefully vaccinate them? Prosecute them and put them in jail if they still do not want?
definitely a massive flaw in a doctrine that assumes preemptive attack rather than a defensive strategem especially when paired with a system that threatens its own if they do not blindly do as theyre told
POV you are in your Serenitea Pot and you have the Liyue floating islands outside
He was minister of Finance previously. You are looking for OKY who was the previous transport minister, with his high low risk profiling rubbish.
Taxi cost me about $26++ incl booking fees and peak hour charges to get to SPCA from Sembawang. After peak hour, it was around $15-$17++. GrabPet was $46++ regardless of the hour. Grab - go fly kite
great how this meme is now a tradition for this date, immortality!
i see a pro putin campaign on fb and when i check out the profile, its all church crazies. the usual suspects keep cropping up again and again for some reason. younger people too
I think the oligarchs and the military matter more, they have the most influence. Citizens have protested against putin but its not doing anything
standards of life drop significantly under autocracies too. Dictator has no incentive to improve their citizens lives after all.
you got a source for Lee Kuan Yew's position? Malaysia is so self-consumed by its own racial, religious tensions and corruption that it does not care about anything else at all. Its like a country going in circles.
Is the temptation argument. Scared see alr they will be tempted to try something haram.
some operational realities cannot be covered by simply throwing more money, meat and bones onto it
Some crazy student brought an axe into the premises and killed a student with it
Australia I will jail my citizens for coming back home and ban my citizens from even going overseas (even for compassionate reasons) EU You sure they have positive roadmap when their vaccination is a huge mess?
does it mean that the check in occurs earlier? so like people do not have to show the status at f&b now?
What about citizens tho? What if your fellow Singaporeans were / are working in India and need to come home?
Aligned with our national values of encouraging heterosexual married couples to have healthy relationships with each other, and to build stable nuclear family units with extended family support. ( http backward thinking fuckwittery of the highest order.
Singapore when landlord does not allow cooking at home why landlord so picky landlords are bad Singapore when landlord does not allow Indians fair game and well within the rights of owner
The fact that people would vote based on LGBT laws rather than other more urgent and pressing issues is something that should trouble every reasonable Singaporean. it is not a sign of a healthy society
Not to be that guy, but have you ever dealt with Chinese tourists? I live in Japan and I haven't seen or met a respectful one. Just my experience.
yay.! time for increase military spending. which means we may/will need to increase goods and services tax to 20% to fund the increase.
I have a cat and recently also had to look for a place due to a bad family situation and found it challenging to find a place where the landlord was okay with pets
Warning shots are a no no because you do not fire blindly. And I am pretty sure he wasn't aiming for the arm. Just so happened he hit his arm. When you are justified to shoot, aim for centre mass.
Looking back, it was ridiculous how it was acceptable to pass these things out in school.
Making only the rich livable in Singapore while the poor gets Government funding, while the median income gets slap and right from Government, increase goods and services tax, coe getting out of touch for the median, housing, jobs
Interesting site! Thanks for sharing. Still lower than the overlap with subreddit of anime titties Maybe that explains the very low overlap with subreddit of parenting ( subreddit of sex is 0.28 too)
well well well. is it endemic no more? i rly hoped we would be focused on intensive care unit numbers instead of case numbers ( also pity all f&b outlets trying to survive whilst National Day will continue like nothing happened
one ex nurse told me on fb it is not the remuneration issue that is making them leave. it is the bad bosses.
Yeah, Yu Mengyu is 47 (and Mima Ito 2) as of 27 July http
ok honestly fuck off sia how come this shit keeps happening during my batch's holidays, cb later got CB round 2 also toh laaa
Shooting assailant justified. Failure to consider bullet penetration deficit on officer's operational capability additional training recommended.
When you do not know what to eat , and stares at menu grinning face with sweat
Some others are saying that he looks like Jeremy Renner's Hawkeye.
Yeah so . only people who have actually committed this crime should do this! I myself have no interest in sex with men, but I am almost tempted to do it just to be able to truthfully make such a report.
Just as I was getting back into my workout routine
Yeah, I never take my mask off when cutting my hair. Should be fine but I messaged my hairstylist just in case got an appointment next week.
oh shit my cousin study there ((( edit shes alright but its rlly scary there
to be honest this does not sound much different compared to life in the Silicon Valley
Perhaps they will update the app so it checks your vax status when you scan the QR code and does not let you check in at all, just shows an error. That would be the simplest I think.
I think it is possible, and it is an important distinction. The worst thing we can do is end up becoming a politically correct dystopia, where everyone has to fear for what they say or get unjustly cancelled somehow.
beep. boop. I am a bot that provides downloadable video links! Download via http Direct link ( http I also work with links sent by PM. &nbsp Info ( http
I am not sure either but if i was the victim in that particular situation i would definitely hope someone presses the button
! edit In case there are people out there really wanting to know the sigma Male meme, you can learn more here ( http
ya! What kind of crap investigation did they make for Denise Phua's comment of was it ticking bombs? If there's any racism it is all concentrated in pap
I remember being super competitive about it and trying to top the collection as a kid back then.
This sure ain't YouTube . Nah I just see like the upvote percentage.
So his point would be valid if you did not do well in life? Rude is rude, does not matter if he was right or not.
$5 says the final version uploaded will not include this part.
Massive spoilers Its about the journey of 2 young female mangakas man walks into a university and kills student with ax like object Link to read it http
Will do! Thanks - kinda new to reddit. Signed up 3 yrs ago, but did not start using until recently.
it is pretty good! You can go for the Dumpling course with a friend if you are a big eater.
How is this level of discrimination still not illegal in a country that claims to be so inclusive.
Also the colour of the building is different as well as there's no giant longkang anywhere near ttsh.
unfortunately, not many people know about this app. Which shows how poorly marketed it is. Marketing is everything!
I wish I could wake up that late. I wake up at 5 to leave by 6 so I can arrive at 7. My body hates me because I sleep at 12
hmm okay, that sounds pretty reasonable haiya, just trust that they know what they are doing la. it is not like I am professionally trained in this anyway
, i was trying to relate to Dolly Parton's song with the same name musical note Working 9 to 5, what a way to make a living, Barely getting by, it is taking and no giving musical note
Is why antiwork is important. World is run by people who are out of touch with the general population. Whether it is ministers or CEO of companies.
the guy is puny though, looks like a skinny 50kg kind of guy no way he'll be able to break up the fight
Right? If you have met enough people from around the world its hard not to realize anyone from anywhere can be beautiful. it is just bias and preference that clouds that.
Those arrogant, snobbish, in your face attitude elitist parents, I'd feed them to the wolves if I can. They're bad stocks for humanity. the world will be a better place without them.
That was Ukrainian propaganda. The people surrendered and are alive. do not fall to any propaganda from any sides.
it is all because of worklife balance, quite an unhealthy work culture around here
Was there a stated time period for the 'prior notice' and confirmation that it wouldn't apply retroactively?
For some reason it is about protecting a few that do not want to vaccinate.
The Russians are talking about friendly relationship and making unilateral decision ?!
Yeah the price does not make sense. If it was near the CBD then maybe it is worth it. But it is all the way in the west.
Visiting Singapore was the first time I saw racism and sexism so open and ok, it was weird.
The iPad falling seems inevitable considering he is holding it with one hand, and I am surprised he isn't using earphones.
brother please, a minister once said that it is not their job to provide solutions. But what do I know right I am just a SN earning less than 3k for 50+ hour work weeks.
Trained. Watching alone will not allow him to have such smooth and precise strikes. This guy is trained.
correct me if I am wrong but sengkang has a younger demographic right? Glad the new generation of voters voted thinking of their future and made the right choice !
I want to troll them but I scared I get shot by Russian sniper when I go jogging at 1am.
its subreddit of singapore, most users here have lesser braincells than a table.
Last time my mum say she can buy wonton mee for 20cents.
i do not mind giving. DM me on ig yongyichuaaa
Have you seen some of these safe distancing ambassadors ? I really doubt they could handle the administrator side of things.
Sorry, my cher never teach this in school. How is this factorial?
A rose by any other name rolling on the floor laughing Cb just say Cb la
All of US's most important allies/partners so its not surprising I guess, though alliance with the US should matter little in the face of such naked aggression by Russia.
I am not sure if it is the first case of a murderer being a minor in Singapore, but I think they wouldn't give the death sentence without conclusive evidence such as a clear motive.
That greenish milk made $1m . I think these are the same people keeping those unprofitable food courts afloat. Must be some kind of acquired taste.
Imagine what our invaders can do Surrender and we won't bomb your million dollar HDBs. Oh we will throw in a few thousand dollars
So every single one here calling others boomers also ageist even if they are just insensitive? Asking for a friend
Yup she did but honestly.it does not really solve the problem you know. it is not like the pakcik made death threats or what. Probably counts as harassment. My friend just summed up this behaviour as melayu makan melayu.
Ukraine here be like We elect a comedian as our president. Other countries be like We elect smart businessman as president so he can be a clown on TV.
no definitive consensus pretty sure in science there will almost never be a definitive consensus, especially in behavioural sciences?
whats the point of bringing a life into this world at all. I needed someone to be grateful that I gave birth to them. - My parents, probably
As long as childcare is open, working from home is still possible
The one near my house is playing a really slowed down cny song that sounds more like a horror film bgm. Then again, it does seem pretty apt for what this year is looking to be.
is this sarcasm? isnt HTR a cambridge educated lawyer who lived in england for like 10 years her chinese name is pian ren one
I want to celebrate too !but my district ended up in AMK somehow !
What about North Korea? What about our nearby Asean member Myanmar ?
This is the future of politics in Singapore. Sophisticated younger voters and parties that they can identify with.
Thank you for your courage and hard work. Find time to rest and do be strong! The whole nation depends on you and fellow workers! thumbs up clapping hands
this is the 21st century, not the middle ages
Glad you agree that Indian tenants fit the stereo type.
All races are equal but some are more equal than others.
Plot twist, ya boss left before you because he won the 16m. Happens in life clown face
Better to piss off Russia than the entire World man shrugging
Lucky you. Such toxic behaviour also exist in MNC as well. Good that you are in a great environment!
you are still young! I was like you and did not start knowing how to stand up for myself until I started working.
How can one identify as a different race? that is just sad. How is that different from Martina Big?
Let's hope when you decide to leave, you bring your family along with you. Because that would be most people's primary reason for fighting.
I think a simpler answer would be it is % of cases, not % of death cases
Does Government care about solving any of the issues and expects people to have kids regardless? Ivory tower idiots.
Yea, I knew you were referring to sea level. Wow yea, I'd love to see all the wealth of knowledge you've collected. This is actually terrifying and should seriously concern everyone here in Singapore.
in my opinion big dick (or ball) energy has no relation to sex, so ( ) /
Next stop, Government heard massive amount of complains from resident due to loud noise through-out the day & night. Government to regularly inspect resident home for heavy machinery.
They missed by such a small margin. I am sure next election WP will gain East Coast. Amazing effort.
Would buy a high quality print version of this. Awesome art! Somehow gave me Studio Ghibli vibes.
herd immunity in this situation (Delta variant) is no longer possible even with very high vaccination percentages. that is what Ministry of Health and today's speech has been saying.
I HEARD (tiagong do not pofma) pap thinking of creating a super group representation constituency called Coast to Coast Border group representation constituency( smelly vagina group representation constituency) . Its a 83 member group representation constituency.
Not even Stoli? sad. edit a second the 4th pic is literally vodka.
They charge administrator fee for metered ride. And always compare price between platform
our 160th SPH is behind russia's 150th laughing my fucking ass off
Boy , want to see something? Old but gold video
Many people in the comments complain about their early wake up times. Well., then you go te bed earlier right? Are we Dutchies some of the only few understanding this logic?
How dare you be racist and xenophobic11!!!?!?1 Our lunches belong to everyone of course. Singapore belongs to everyone.
Somebody has got to catch this scumbag. That stomp from the attacker definitely broke a few ribs
Wow. Wasn't there a time when booking taxis was more expensive than grab? How the tables have flipped.
Police also run ? I dunno what he expect police to have. +1 respawn chance and immunity to blades? Police got this perk? I also wan, maybe should sign on.
Yeah, said it that way because I do not even know if they have official rankings or whatever. Been awhile since I've even been near to a secondary school.
Until they take chunk of fats out of your thigh
I am so fucking jealous of sengkang residents, I wish I could be cheering at 5 am as an east coast group representation constituency resident
I am so sorry to hear that. Was hoping the situation would've been kinder to Muslims this year. Stay strong my man.
that is a country which even said saying happy Christmas is haram .
Hope AsiaOne YouTube will feature him in 10 years time, Viral Video Stars Here's what happened to the kid whom flipped the nation on NDP broadcast .
You can follow them on social media and see if they contribute to the community. For them to do more, you should vote for them first.
If we continue to destroy forests & animals' habitats, have to accept they will forced to encroach on urbanized areas somehow.
These are still illegal drugs here which can be abused causing death.
Because people are sick of this shit after the Government fucked up. Let people live
To be honest I wouldn't be surprised if covid restrictions were still in place in 2025. Entertainment has already been closed for over a year despite low community cases. Hope you remember this in 2025
brother, I just tried to link and realise they do not allow posting of facebook link. The bot told me.
We felt it all the way in Tampines as well.
operationally ready date ordah! Can the honourable gentlemen retract his statement? It is a debate about the future of a nation, not for your amusement.
For most people, not that hard, but from the thread linked apparently they were constantly denied repeatedly.
like i wont even drive close if i have a wanted level on me.
The way how that old gentleman speaks and reacts really warms my heart. I wish longevity bestow upon him. 3
Heh. Their relatives are bloodthirsty demons that have been documented raping baby seals to death.
I do not understand why they are so soft on this. like, what do they lose by saying must not ?
that is a skilled Muay Thai fighter. lots of training to move like that.
Love it. I decided to stop using Grab when they announced the $1 increase so this ad makes me feel warm inside.
data probably skewed from people sleeping in on weekends. like me, i sleep 5h on weekdays and 10h on weekends
Preach it from the mountain tops. Up doot for you
Probably following SOP. One of my teachers in secondary school had an accident just outside the school and the principal instructed everyone during assembly not to respond to any media outlets.
This is what happens when you have a generation of yes men and fearful mentalities parachuted to the top attitudes trickle down, after all.
Patrick Star You got it set to M for mini, when it should be set to W for wumbo .
that is otterly rude of them, taking fishes that do not belong to them
Every People's Action Party MP a mini-star, every school a good school. face with tears of joy
Yea switched to Comfort Delgro app a few weeks ago and haven't look back since.
Shucks yeah I should have figured that they need to sleep in on Sat after a long night of counting.
WP would know the Polling district count. I was volunteering with WP in MP. We were warmly received by many makciks in Geylang Serai, Eunos and Chai Chee.
The marketing team saw the opportunity, and took it right there.
Once you enter national service actly. No one gives a flying fuck
How come our birth rate did not increase in 2012?
Anyone know where abouts he would have been to take this photo?
There is a call button and a stop button if I remember correctly just use the call button so MRT staff can stand by at the next stop + call in spf
Its not a boomer thing, this is not common in some part of the world and I only encountered this in Singapore and honestly its a really poor decision, to have kids to secure your future.
cb made plans next week what the fuck , may as well have announced it earlier instead of dragging on and suddenly change from half fuck measures
unfortunately expected this to happen. nothing ever change here after all
Like her and respect! We really hoped she could beat the Japanese player.
My wife changed her name (not specifically for that reason but having a secular name has its advantages).
Spongebob me boy, I need ye to help me find my first dime 2SGD bill
I apologise if my tone is inappropriate or rude. If I get downvoted to hell by a bunch of defensive parents, so be it.
I think it is just because all of his university life and working life has been outside Singapore, I am surprised he does not sound more American actually.
Witnessed it from my bedroom window. Vegetation caught fire on ubin according to the news http
sadly, neither can be left on one side of the river alone (
Work hard in Singapore, save up nest egg, come retire in Malaysia la, recommend Ipoh, great place to retire with low living cost and nice scenery.
They lose the majority of their income. Healthcare workers get worked to the bone and treated like shit by others. Neither is enviable
And the epic echo chamber because anyone that says anything that does not follow the child-free narrative gets downvoted. Almost mistake this sub for subreddit of childfree sometimes.
Hitting 40 soon. 4kg in one month during the CB. high cholesterol ftw
sex ed become sexuality ed. Great progress we've made.
My guess new numbers came in. If you do not flip the prata it get burned.
Maybe that is his softened message. Hope he struggles to recruit good employees in future. I wouldn't want him for a boss.
You can volunteer to join the Ukraine army. They have opening
This is why I am thinking of migrating. Not that anywhere else isn't like that, just it is so bad here that I cannot cope
All the best to you and f&b business. Definitely will be tabao more from my favourite places and hope they last another round of beating.
I think CAI jpg cheaper, quality not as good tho
It sounds like shit! I know some people do not have a choice, but some just aren't willing to consider that they do. And a few others are just in for a shock when they do move into that build-to-order.
geh xiao no 1. literally anyone with eyes can see our healthcare systems are suffering, yet our dear ministers still talking cock day in day out.
$40m spent on the parade and the only thing that people're going to remember about it is this. godspeed, young prince
the whole AWARE/church affair? people around my age (mid 20s) did not seem to know about it edit spelling
Hmm I got a better suggestion. To ensure they do not forget their learning they should go back for retail retraining for one week or so every year for 10 years
Wait why is commute calculated in? If that is so i have 73 hours a week in recent busy months.
My guy you are using that 1/1000 statistic arbitrarily I best most of these fellas reporting sick are in the fully vaccinated, less vulnerable group.
Full video here ( http I did the shortcut links for easy navigation. Scroll down to the first comment.
Dangerous racist criminal causing public disorder and chaos. Cane him now!!
I saw this before and the guy is a fucking legend. he is clearly an exception.
he is actually an actor turned president an actor famous for the show where he plays a guy next door who's elected president of Ukraine - cannot make it up
I am pretty sure some leaders might leave under the reason of leadership continuity
Look at the first panel, the author is implying that restrictions are being loosened and it is upsetting the author
Sorry but just because someone does a couple of ugly emotional drawings does not make them right. The reality is that the measures do not work, and loosening them (which isn't happening anyway) makes no difference to the health workers situation.
That part I can understand. But the part where the author seems to imply covid measures are being loosened is completely false. They're doing themselves a disservice by implying a falsehood.
Left hander were hunted as witches and burned at the stakes in times past.
Yeah still. Worth the watch. Just expect slow storyline that is all
I feel for you ( let's hope for the best.
You have been summoned to appear in front of the Supreme Court of Authentic Fresh Milk
They are venomous as well but their fangs are not thick enough to penetrate our skin. Most spiders are venomous but only a few is dangerous to humans.
Putin literally laughs at the sanctions that russia's been enduring for years But their citizens may not be, and that is the group of people that can hurt Putin the most
Remarkable how all three of them together do not appear to add up to one reasonable person's intelligence quotient.
donthavela was servings national service during when he saw the movie .
i rly wonder about this kid sometimes, i hope hes gone places, he has the potential to.
Because covid does not exist in the forest, you do not know ?
severe incidents I do not know about you but someone getting assaulted in this manner looks pretty damn severe to me
This one is ridiculous. You cannot keep half-assing this shit.
Yeah or the company may apologise and retrench them because of cutting costs to stay afloat during crisis. /
Once again, I am forced to question why I even do national service. But anyway, I will be done soon. And I won't look back in fondness.
OP, any updates? Those elbow and knee strikes are incredibly damaging. Did they catch this guy? Or even report the incident?
And perhaps to stop the aunties from gossiping about couples being infertile during CNY.
I wish I could die at 40. Everything's just downhill from there.
Were there any more recent ones? My mind is kind of numb to the news these days, so I haven't really been following
I expect OP gong and ma to fight if something happen.
For sure got Scenario A , Scenario B and Scenario CB
if defending Singapore wouldn't run. Tell me go attack Malaysia tomorrow for no reason, I will face stiff resistance and surrendered after a tough battle . Maybe go Penang eat laksa then come back after it is over.
Waaaaah.there is a Russian dumpling restaurant in Singapore? Fuck the war, how could I have not known about this. Brb after I go there.
If the owner has a preference they should state it outright. do not waste time asking someone to come down and view only to be told oh sorry we accept local Chinese only
her latest IG post on being a flag bearer speaks volume about her
asked the Singaporean Government not to kaypoh and por lan pa. These people so smart ask them be foreign minister lo. All of them suddenly expert in Russo politics.
You just need a very small space to have sex
Are we ever ever going to go back to normal for fucks sake
There were some pics of him getting scolded by a teacher after this, pretty funny. he is probably in secondary by now , wonder if he is infamous
we should name the next gen lanjiao gen just so they can waste time figuring out why they are labelled that way
You mean Anton Casey is Anthony S Casey is Anton Casey is Anthony Casey is Anton Casey ?! SAY IT LOUDER?
You gained 3 kgs in 6 weeks? Damn you are good!
Well I am moving to Singapore in a couple months, this got me reallll excited.
What the fuck do you work for then if you do not even have time for anything, even sleep
I think if you have smart planning in the wedding area it could be positive in the other economical areas too.
Marriage and birth rate has significantly declined since the 90's in Singapore and divorce rates are just increasing at a fast and steady pace, very true and agreeable.
brother he is ex-artillery. If Russia hits with a EMP strike, he probably can easily calculate firing solution manually.
in this thread people be like it is optional to have kids, it is optional to have weddings, it is optional to have hobbies. Like that of course you can retire at 50 la.
not only india, also its neighbours (nepal, sri lanka.)! yes because of the no. of cases there & not because of race.
Speaking of hum I really miss having Chao Kway Teow with big and fresh hums. These days all the Chao Kway Teow I come across has pathetically small hums.
Let us remind the Chinese that if they believe that they have a rightful claim to Singapore, then they can expect wholesale slaughter on their side should they choose to violate our sovereignty.
I googled 'Singapore HDB' and used a random pic as reference
kfc kena fell off + ratio + L by jollibee lo
She works at Roblox. Went to an Ivy league and then stanford. She's turned out ok.
UK ministers are not paid millions for your information, the UK PM's salary in 2020 was 161k only vs Singapore PM's $2.2m annual salary. Our country is smaller than London.
Fuck it. I will be fully vaccinated on 11th Nov. Got to tolerate this 1 month. Let's G.
She's actually Indian so maybe will get some thosai and pratas
Money is one of the dirtiest things out there, goes through so many hands/pockets/etc. Maybe through assholes even , in any case, i wouldn't risk to wipe my ass with it
honestly I do not understand why people think its a great idea to do that
At least not the STARiS v3. That one is so bad LTA say nope, reverse! I will tender it myself
Singapore stock out and slow to come back and freaking ex
I was in MRT going Jurong East and i do not feel a thing as well. Maybe because i was in a train and thought the shake is the same.
Learn to say no. Nobody cares if you appeared rude, most people do not even remember what they ate for lunch the day before. Good grief.
you are a minority now, the Government does not care about you. I care though.
imagine taking a piss and minding your own business and suddenly some giant dude comes up behind you and start attacking you with an axe
Please put your name or nickname or whatever before this goes around the internet!
This must be an old pic, cause I heard they recently expanded and took over the outlet next door.
No it is not because we want to see it , rather because it exists. Just because racism exists today does not mean it always existed or that it must always exist.
I'll give you lunch if you buy me subscription. My phone screen is ready for YOUR credit card. Then start pushing your lunch into her hand and watch her reaction
egrets, I have a few, but then again, too few to mention
NGOs, journalists and workers themselves do not have enough power to change much Hold up a smiley face? Jail! Peep at students showering? Bright future!
After all which politician said salary is the justification for dignity? Low wage workers thus have no respect from this policymaker
Get married to someone opposite sex and build-to-order below age 35, then sell build-to-order for 1M , stonks. I am being sarcastic
Not a bad response. Of note Norway's sovereign wealth fund will divest its Russian assets. We should quickly do the same if we have Russian assets in our fund. Should also consider freezing all Russian assets in Singapore.
If it is a different dude the then it . just might be a company wide system of hard-sales tactics training
KBG school not lousy. Off to gulag! Russian president invites you to you are honored to accept
not sure if SPF uses hollowpoint or FMJ. Maybe someone from SPF can chime in
Which MRT station? I think the law protects you if you cancel within 7 days. (someone correct me if I am wrong )
there is nothing wrong with that if that is one desires. and there is nothing wrong with renting too if that is what another desires.
Am I the only one who does not remember getting sex education?
Take my upvote. Well written. Truly the product of elite education.
do not worry with the goods and services tax hike the Government should have plenty of tax monies to bolster singapore's defence / increase military spending.
Congrats SK! EC & WC so close, 2025 jiayou! red heart
Imagine if one day, some Malaysian political demagogue claims that their politicians crazily or mistakenly kicked us out in 1965 and use that to justify retaking what is theirs .
I feel bad for the hawker centre stalls. cannot they give open air non-airconditioned hawkers an exemption, while still limiting the table group size to two, with social distancing?
scoot should run ads like carouhell did with daddy buyer
3) MPs are allowed to speak wholly in mandarin. LTK and lee bee have been known to do it in my opinion.
Many alternatives to fix this. Hazel could have easily done it better than him delivery wise if they wanted it in english. Nope, they chose a shit person to do a shit job. I am not a big fan of this.
at this rate, we would have to get booster shots before singapore opens up clown face
Yup really enjoyed this one. Come out and grovel Vivienne!
Only Belarus in principle and then if you look closer not even that. Outside of Lukashenko himself basically the entire country is protesting because they do not want to get sucked into a war they have no business in.
Oh I guess the We'Re AlLoWed to HaVe PrEfErEnCeS argument does not apply here unlike rentals? Guess we should become landlords of the subreddit then
Parents CRY FOR WHAT? you SO OLD ALREADY STILL CRY! GO KNEEL IN FRONT OF KWAN YIN ULTIL SHE FORGIVES YOU!
what the fuck? AGGA trailer so turn off.honestly npt even funny anymore.ABTM 1/2 were good.3/4 eh.not bad.but AGGA.just no.
Uhhh isn't this protest all wrong though? Why would the ministry of education subsidies your hormonal treatment? Am i missing something new?
Yah this is a huge achievement for WP too. Aljunied is on its way to become a WP stronghold like our dear Hougang hammer
I am not sure if people who praised Suharto are also right wing Islamist. I mean Suharto literally clamped down Islamism. Either way there are just too many ignorants here
Time will always tell apart real talent from coincidences. Copy and paste and only go so far.
Mers-mer-rising! Your comment deserves way more upvotes. Love the puns
Engineers and technicians working at Tuas and Jurong Island says hi.
10 people share each 1.7m just lower the figure behind. Good luck guys.
It is never easy to toughen up through these situations. It will break your heart, but be proud. Proud of your mom. I hope everything will tide through eventually.
The People's Action Party needs to be voted out of my swamp!
But if you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, and if they cannot stop you, then you become something else entirely. A Legend.
Looking jealously at Sengkang from next door. Thank you for coming through!
Ok, replace RI with AcS then. These people put THE BEST IS YET TO BE decals on their car like its so central to their identity
I do not understand why many older people still discuss what secondary school/ junior college they went to. It happened 40 years ago, big deal
it is kind of a running joke after the debate during which Jamus wow-ed the whole country (esp Vivian) - basically everyone was reacting with, this warms the cockles of my heart.
, less than Japan where you are obliged to work late AND get plastered with the bosses on weekdays. I wonder where Korea sits on that chart
I try to think of that as a spider toy to ease my fear, but no it is just too real. Salute to OP!
Just imagine out of nowhere a giant construction truck going over 40km/h comes crashing into her
Feel you brother. Thanks for fighting for us on the ground.
They need to appear to be doing something and create a group of people to blame. Hit the nail on the head. cannot believe people are so gullible.
1 second before he released it was probably like THIS IS THE HUNGER GAMES!!
Dude its damn nice I love it. it is tourist board worthy
fetish and sexuality is totally two different things? its like trying to compare someone born with an food allergy vs someone who dislikes eating that food type
personally i use ryde, which is $4-$5 cheaper than grab
I am sorry for all the bad experiences you've experienced as a Indian and thank you for sharing! As a Chinese, I will be more mindful and make the effort to be inclusive.
damn that is hilarious, a whole bus just driving around for raids
She really did her best and I am proud of her
it wasn't really a QnA session though, that was the second half of the show. The first half was just discussing views on the provided topics and I feel like all parties should have received equal time for this.
Given the amount of trade Taiwan does, especially in semiconductors, quite likely. But it will have to depend on how Russia turns out. A tiny island shouting loudly at two active superpowers on a warpath is kinda risky.
Endorse MC is an extinct practice anyway right? It does not exist anymore.
They shat on the bed, then wondered why it stinks? Jokers
nevermind religiosity. the prevalence of mental illness is pretty far from zero. the fact that the two have coincided in the same human shouldn't be taken with more than a pinch of salt.
Next time you might really have to scan safe entry before any bedroom wrestling
Damn did not know my country had the most of these countries
How much do you want? Do you want three meals in a hawker centre, food court or restaurant?
it is really amazing that of all the things under the sky that they want to pin the microchips narrative to, they decide to pin it on something that literally helps them live.
The knee to the head, easy permanent brain damage. The guy's going to be eating jail food for a long time (or not? with our justice system ).
And the Germany Embassy replies directly to the Russians on behalf of France and Poland!
that is just Singapore's KFC, you can find better KFCs in other countries
Woah. do not need to rain on them fam. They are happy just being themselves. face with tears of joy
More like the sound of the fan blowing with cicadas chirping in the background
I am just going to get my kid(s) to skip these. Unnecessary in my opinion. Kids should have more free time to do reading/gaming/sports.
Numerous explosions occur behind her, the smoke culminating in the shape of a crescent moon and five stars. Close up on her face, riddled with steely determination. She looks into the camera, squints and utters a single word. Majulah.
I feel like this is a very big scandal which people tend to overlook, if this was any other western country the people will surely protest
Gotta make an example of them. If they get away with it , then others will follow. Government sees any form of protest as a slippery slope.
Ohh ok. Now I see what he was saying. Comfort is the one that charges fees in the cab with a physical card.
It seems like you've stumbled your way into subreddit of singapore. benvenuto in singapore, and try not to smuggle any gum in.
Partially vaccinated unvaccinated for the purpose of these regulations.
Looks like an in real life version of Let's Game It Out ( http
The amazing thing was Khaw Boon came out and said that there was no fault found after investigation, only to flip flop after the EDMW CSI thread came out.
This photo is incredibly iconic and is definitely going to win an award for something, I am absolutely sure of it.
Their PR team will be working overtime to push narratives like What Singapore can teach Hong Kong about being invaded , while they flee the nation.
Ministry of Education taught us well on how to not plagarise
Guess we throwing the endemic around like it does not mean somthing huh. Can we just force the elderly to get vaccinated. Enough of this bs man. Like if you think you going to die from covid, please take the vacckne
Seriously so what if you are from RI? Must be the kind that wear their raffles t shirt EVERYWHERE even though they are in their 40s to 50s. Scared people dunno you are from some elite school.
I remember a week ago when there was a spike in the number of community cases, the toilet paper shelf at the NTUC I went to was nearly wiped out.
Yes very true, I would argue that the people here lack soul because we do not get to experience the awe of being in the great outdoors
definitely already planned. They already had 'experts' preparing us for the news. 'Next few weeks very important' or some shit
That scene annoyed me because they made the prowler look new and trigger-happy in that scene. if I remember correctly in reality (according to the books) the officer gave the wrong password and the prowler shooting him was a veteran. Terrific series, otherwise
Please take care of yourself. I hope all of you and your classmates are doing ok
Tell me it a circuit breaker without telling me its a circuit breaker. I'll start Phase 2 ( H E I G H T E N E D A L E R T )
THANK YOU SENG KANG! Congrats to WP! Also congrats to an improvement in votes Aljunied group representation constituency, from 50.95% (GE2015) to 59.93% (GE2020) Hougang SMC, from 57.69% (GE2015) to 61.19% (GE2020)
To each his own I guess but 80% of my friends and family dislike HL.
I agree, though I think it tastes a lot like eastern Europe's old school chocolate. To have some context.
Ya boy!!! SMRT should have been clearer on that! I always thought it would immediately e-brake.
As I understand it, the threat of catastrophe arising from nuclear sources is functionally inconsequential, i.e. you risk just as much having fossil fuel and natgas facilities on Jurong Island.
China 'bout to discover a 3500 year old map etched into tree bark that definitively proves that Singapore was part of the mainland
it is surprising that the People's Action Party has been playing the victim card all this time, they are trying to usurp us . And it is even more surprising that this narrative actually works.
me, be dutch, sleep at 2am and wake up at 5 30am
Remember to keep the comment section civil and remember that all people have a breaking point
Singapore is expected to record 184 cases on Tuesday, said Health Minister Ong Ye Kung during a virtual press conference, adding that while this was not good news, the momentum of increase has slowed. whut
personally feel like the situation in Singapore is alot worse than most countries due to our culture and mindset where we are so focused on the more material aspects of life
Thanks to pap political correctness, now calling for border control is considered racists. Funny how they are the same group of people calling WP the WOKE ones, gees I wonder who is the real woke here
I do not think you need a pre-departure test when you leave on a yacht.
Yes, the EU have sorted themselves out very quickly, supposedly on course for herd immunity by the end of July.
no they would have taken the evacuation flight to australia and motivate the forces via zoom
Looks impressive - i will give them that. Decent to high caliber. not the best. But most importantly, their attitude generally quite bad i.e. they're very fake.
http Wanderbot covered your game a bit, hopefully this help bring more eyes to your game .
but he did try his best to be entertaining. , gotta give him that. Plus he was quite eloquent too
This one like game release sia. Phase 2 Heightened Alert Phase 2 Legendary Edition Phase 2 Game of the Year Edition Phase 2 HD Remastered
Amazing athleticism and hard work by Mengyu. Take a bow!!
Beyond Changi Airport, the CBD + surrounding areas and a few newer HDB estates, our infrastructure is getting pretty 3rd world also.
OP please let us know if anyone from the Government contact/threaten you to remove this
Where does conservatism work out in a good way, if I may ask?
This is a great chance for the Singapore Government to redesign our economy to be less reliant on cheap foreign labor. If they aren't going to do it now, they will never do it.
. it is a subway. He knows there's no referee. he is not a wild dog, incapable of rational thought once the fighting begins. This is just a savage beating by a person with no conscience.
Homosexual kids will be fine. I am more worried about the straight kids that do not know what the fuck is a condom.
just ignore and walk, do not even make eye contact. Important skill to learn in singapore to be honest
what the fuck happened? Caught me completely off guard. Rest in peace, kid.
when you get fucked a bit too much, the cb tends to get loose subreddit of badwomensanatomy
All the best, you can do it! I got a job unexpectedly after trying for long as well
After today, all livestream will only be available 24hrs after all the editing out has been done!
I do not think so. Tan See Lay was clearly facing Vivian, when he said I am from Monk's Hill , and if you listen carefully, it continues on with VB saying, I know.(inaudible)
Not surprised as some minister never hear any migrant workers complain when they were imprisoned in their dorms.
yeah, too lazy to think then just steal people's content and watermark it as their own the quality of sgag is getting worse nowdays, they had it good with the korean burger thing.
Maybe do not have kids or have expensive weddings? Also, is it a must to have your life revolve around cpf?
SEd, they cannot even bear to call it SexEd
No filter? Op drop the name of cam you are using. This is pure art
Eh, they wouldn't need a referendum to figure out what percentage of people want to remove 377A, IPS does surveys ( http for example.
I think it might be gas burning, i think it is a common occurrence.
no, i know a very notorious SIR which sometimes wants you to endorse MC
You mean the guy who Hitler killed? A true hero.
Goddamn. that was quick. Pity the kid though, it was hilarious!
Am I the only person who changes uniform after showering.
We shouldn't have protests in Singapore because something something racial riot 1964 or something. - someone on facebook or something.
wipes out the People's Action Party that is your mistake. Right there. Think over it. Clue This is a democracy, not some fantasy story that the hero overcomes impossible odds to win the day.
Not great! But Grievous Grievous bodily harm (often abbreviated to grievous bodily harm) is a term used in English criminal law to describe the severest forms of battery
Gan Kim Yong is out of touch ? These whole bunch of ivory-tower dwelling asshole ministers are!
Hi! Sorry. Wasn't taken by me. I am just a fren sharing the joy. This guy took them. http
I can understand why political protestors are arrested - they threaten the ruling party's power. But this? How does one justify locking people up for wanting basic human rights?
http yes! Great to see so much appreciation for his photos! They credited him too!
Parents brag about their child's achievements as if it were their own Talk about living vicariously through your children
Unilateral sanctions clown face it is not really unilateral when it is literally every developed country (even the famously-neutral ones like Switzerland)
yeah, i was watching that on abc just now. not a real surprise because it is largely along the same script as his boss, plenty of conspiracy theory shit about maidan snipers and neo nazis.
Not a fan, but he is someone who's always willing to try out new stuff, like combining horror and comedy at one point. Who does that? Are there any other Singaporean movie directors we can name off hand?
Lam Pin Min is senior minister of state. Still a Minister
its sad how we have to go back to this state again. we had it under control man.
That will be like a 20-minute video cause employer wants to make sure you did not swap the test.
Are Singapore Pools employees banned from participating in the lottery? Never gambled, so just curious.
If East Coast isn't gerrymandered into Marine Parade group representation constituency at least.
well the people who said banning entry from india is xenophobic are probably silent now
Both of which are still relevant to defending our sovereignty and territorial integrity, in a sense. What?
by the way this picture is from a long time ago. From 2014 when he was inspecting the border.
Perhaps due to lacking reading comprehension skills. I never said it was easy, merely that the environment attracts unsavory business types along with the good. it is the same reason loads of Russians have assets in London.
Money no enough 2 is quite good also. Teaches fillal piety. Almost cried when hui abandoned his mother at the old folks home
Same here. I stared at my body wondering wth was going on.
You have a Good vibe. Have my poor man's award sports medal
As long as the two data sets have the same scale it is fine. Those that insist the y axis goes to 100% I hope you are not people who does their own research
End up we are ready for a non Chinese opposition member than a non Chinese PM
My neckbeard moment Technically it is more accurate to call it ikemen Sanders. it is leviOsa, not levioSa!
that was political move by his father. why ? because political figures rarely came from that school?
bloodflow going to bottom head is going into my list of new phrases
that is brutal. and the lady walks off like nothing is happening. well to be honest I wouldn't know what to do in this situation as well
Are they the ones wearing red? Like the ones near buona vista? I do not know, I've always just walked straight and pretended they did not exist.
They do not say this line these days. Not since candy crush.
Regardless of whether it is racist or not, isn't what he is doing illegal? Or only with smiley?
Because I said the Ukraine national guard but the bot cannot understand context
colour me surprised. Heard they were even peddling these certs right outside the airport!
But eating McDonald's would kill your gains. You need to eat rich protein and carbs and low fats to maximise your session
We got claim to be inclusive . We only say we tolerant I thought. Tolerant of because do not mean accepting, means won't go stone the other person
But how many regular Singaporeans living in HDB's have enough space for that?
Well they did try to stroke that wet and sloppy pussy
Official announcement? More like official embarrassment. http - 31 march 2020 http - 7 april 2020 Flipped in 7 days. How many days to change from coping well to SOS?
I remember watching videos of people reaching just as the can of hellfish is opened, even slightly
equality based on what our Government thinks is equal, not what you think is equal.
How is that guy doing right now? Please tell me he got out of that arranged marriage which has no place in 2021
I think it would be better to ban the no indians and change it to (insert something here) preferable
I did not feel it but the glass door on my bookcase were rumbling.
The queue is way faster in Macdonalds. i have to wait 30 mins for some dude to finish his curl press on a bench press.
Since human beings are our only resource, we abuse the shit out of it. What do you mean the supply is running low? Just breed MORE! The Government, maybe.
I just came back from a post here about the same thing, except I couldn't read it because the OP did not screenshot the whole thing
Like how are you going to churn out healthcare worker into the system overnight? Money is not everything also
Nah we all make mistakes, but we learn and be better than that
They get to be GRA and commit themselves to the community.
it is pretty much inculcated in the school culture, I think? Anecdotally, my multiple personal experience with ACS old boys have been like this and the tribalism is just cringey.
Not cautious. Prudent. do not even trust their covid vaccination and test records, as there has been ample evidence that those can be easily bought.
You first day born in Singapore ar ? They so old liao , go be canon fodder ar ?
Ya . Last time my mom did say that but as I grew up, I guess my mom changed her attitude when her own son decided on his own, I am going to f&b industry.
Thanks, realized maybe too late I was actually in subreddit of singapore. Oh, well
I am very disappointed in Singaporeans for this. My dream was to see this shit movie tank in the box office because the younger generation and Singaporeans in general would be sick of this after the fourth one
My heart aches for you. I hope you'll ride through this storm. As you said, soldier on my warrior!
Well for what it is worth, it is also on edmw now
How do you fit into your pants with the size of your balls?
So only Russians who do not support the invasion are good people? Yeap. Whatever the political disagreements there were, nothing justifies this invasion. You can try and change my mind if you like. Happy to discuss.
it is like these people do not watch the news and did not see the hundreds of thousands of Russians who clearly went down to St. Petersburg to protest against Putin.
If it is truly an emergency case you'd be seen immediately. Otherwise wait long long. It is called a&e for a reason.
Indeed. Once Muhamad Faisal changes his mind on this, the People's Action Party will surely move on the issue!
Somebody please do the opposite. Get a bunch of Singaporeans and give them a rupee note. comedy ensues
They should switch to the other platforms. Gojek giving people free rides to support vaccination. RYDE has a campaign now to help out hawkers. Grab is
And those old aunties and uncles who could have been 6 months vaccinated by now. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
Was South Korea not included because it would fuck up the scale too badly?
That seems so likely considering how Malaysia and Singapore personified are basically like old/younger brothers
Serious question, is AWARE still run by these Jesus freaks? Because that would be sad.
There's katong laksa inside the same mall, as well as the food court at anchorpoint mall though
I was wondering what it was! I was googling Coney Island, Pasir gudang.
idiots start wars, that the young and innocent die in. We never ever learn from history do we
Why not just isolate at home if its super mild? Would solve a lot of problems.
Unfortunately my talent in wittiness only bloomed at the very late age of 21 weary face do not know what happened to sweet 16.
I remember coming here to lepak after school. If you come here after school you are either from Queensway or Queenstown or Gan Eng Seng
I really enjoyed the match between her and Ishikawa (Japan).
Shouldn't have protested cause it is illegal to - the kinda people that struggle to tie their shoe laces without the Government passing a law for it.
There's no children death, why our children hospital overwork and forcing vaccination?
A quick guide to remembering the difference between Poisonous and Venomous If you bite it and you die, it is poisonous. If it bites you and you die, it is venomous. If you bite it and it dies, it is food.
I know you are right but it is honestly easier said than done. I'd give the same advice to someone else if they came up to me with this issue but following it is the difficult part
After come back from school, straight away study. Just like what my Ma would say to me
Honestly Malaysia is in the rabbit hole, when even supporting the Taliban is seen as a good thing amongst pas supporters and umno folks, you know shit already hitting ceiling.
Regardless of whether fake or not, it is a fact that healthcare workers aren't having an easy time.
Same in Malaysia as well. Some supermarket got haram trolley, basket, and counter for pork and alcohol
He knows whats up. This kid is woke and wants his cpf back.
I do not know if you meant that they should have aimed for his leg or something but in training, we are taught to always aim center mass to reduce the chance of missing.
I bet you it is getting ready to invade that juicy plot of land next door eyes
Undeniably I also enjoyed the snack that was Ken chow +20 kg . Cuddly and cute
it is politically challenging to mandate a vaccine, but changing restrictions is easy.
does not sound too much different than the rest of the world. I'll be working till I die as well only without the house to show for it!
To all of the men and women in hospitals and healthcare who are putting their own lives at risk to save others are taking their Hippocratic Oath seriously. We salute your bravery.
Maybe my English not good. Yes it is a gesture stating a stance. Because the material impact is negligible and even with the small pie our Government decided to limit the sanctions to very very specific items. So. in my opinion gesture .
Fine example of human stupidity on display for all to see. Either the hate for Government is so strong it clouds judgement, or there isn't anything there in the first place. What an embarrassment.
hello! do not think i've personally ever met you, but its nice to see you around again. always a fan of your work, especially that old ones with lakes.
Like you said, people are not important to them. All Singapore is to them is an economic machine. Work the people to their bones then ask them to fuck off to die in Malaysia - like horses.
The a&e at NTF is like a zoo with unbearable heat for both patients and staff and the working ratios are ridiculous
Not sleeping equals doing work! Doing work means a better economy! More manhours not spent sleeping means productivity! Muahahahahh
As someone else who did IB, the IB programme by itself is pretty chill to be honest. Depends on school too, but I was able to just ride through and still get a pretty decent score.
Aim for the appendix Takes out textbook and points gun at end
Honestly apart from the sleep hours, the time at which we're expected to wake up screws with the natural circadian rhythm.
how can they sleep at night? I believe, as the saying goes, Singaporean pwn Singaporean, at night can sleep soundly.
There's no winning. Brag about being from happyland, adds to the stigma that happyland students are snobs. do not tell them you are from happyland, they maintain their snobbish views.
Reminder that we refused to sanction the junta in Myanmar
Why do not we send all the safe distancing ambassadors in to fix this. They're doing a great job wagging their finger at people.surely they can do something similar in the hospital?
If I move out, I want rent whole place and not one room. How to live when only have latter?
Thank you for the post, it is interesting read about things about countries that aren't normally talked about.
was this taken from that masive hotel with the boat over 3 buildings?
did not know there was such restaurant. Definitely will go support them.
Hey anybody got referral code for me to use smiling face with smiling eyes
Impossibru. We are the ruling party have perfect ministers with perfect selection policies and systems
Hard for me to explain but I did recently come across a comment which does explain far better than I can. Because diversity isn't just about surface-level arbitraries like race and gender? it is about diversity of thought. ( http
I can almost hear my GP teacher showing this image in class and asking what is wrong.
Appreciate the constructive feedback! Indeed, I should pay more attention to the dynamics of the piece. Still very much trying to improve!
went to a religious school and the sex ed (this was years ago) was titled sex in His city . Came out completely confused about what the talk was supposed to be about
died of a heart attack at 31. and she did not even take the vaccines.
But it works in terms of improving morale. Rather than gaslighting its own citizens and imposing circuit breakers while allowing foreigners to continue entering the country.
He sure knows how to appear presidential, for sure. More than can he said for the leaders of many other countries.
Which has never made sense to me. Keep importing these cases and very soon, we won't have much of an economy left when we have to institute another circuit breaker. Could the proponents of this be any more short sighted?
If I not wrong,they can see from ur token when you scan if you are vaccinated or not
I think Singapore barely got enough wild boar to make char siew rice for one block sia
New insight. Our currency is expensive and made of good quality plastic. Or is it made out of good plastic n thus is expensive. Mmmm.
Rally round the flag effect, Ng Chee Meng x Lam Pin Min and still bottled it
what the fuck, people like that seriously exist? what the fuck. They sound like primary school kids.
and Zelensky is on the frontlines too eh. still in Kyiv fighting unlike Putin
This comment should be pinned at the top of this post so idiots can stop commenting what the fuck why nobody help .
This. I respect the hell out of our medical staffs in Singapore but this story does not sound quite right.
Fresh grad with a few months of work exp so far, should I bother applying to Europe/US?
Same. Used to calculate everything based on RMB (multiplied by 5) and everything felt so expensive. Fast forward to now, I have to divide everything by 5 when looking at RMB to gauge its value.
If only you were there to save the day. Oh well. Back to Reddit to watch videos
Er no. Because if the place is filled with un-vaccinators why would you want to be placed at such high risk. Imagine buying a bag of crisps and dying of covid instead of MI. Sacrilege.
Same. Thought I was just feeling giddy or something. Glad it wasnt just me
And there is no preferential treatment in Ba Sing Se.
I am vaccinated, but does means my children under age 12 cannot come with me to the mall?
it is good to have doubt and it means Singapore is currently doing something right. But events can rapidly change, especially in a hypothetical world with a lack of a rules-based order.
You can even eat toast? White bread for me nia.
the Iblis and Syaitans are in his head, poor thing.
Yes, follow Australia's example. If they still find their way back here, imprison them.
If it ended at 100% then you would say they are trying to say there is literally no deaths after people get the booster.
That A- is too close to a B. You need to study
How about also not letting all the power go to one person? Its not russia nor the russian population that are invading, only putin and his blindly obedient soldiers that are killing innocent people
Actually there is ready and free manpower available - SAF. do not understand why they are only deploying so few from SAF
Because the cognitive dissonance here is hyper normalized. We like pretending that repeating a line about fairytale harmony every NDP actual harmony.
And the US supreme court gave the people the Miranda rights ruling Stop hiding in the well and waving that everything US bad hat
new imports are already banned. Only citizens and PRs can board these flights
Right? Even Sweden took sides (with NATO). You know you done fucked up when even Sweden, which took no sides in World War Two takes action.
40 year old beating up 24 year old. Thank god arrested already. Stomp.
I think arrogance invalidates class. Good schools do not define a person just as having a superior car does not make me a good driver.
ALL food has a distinct smell. that is a very weak argument.
I got a hamster but it committed suicide by jumping into the gap between the parapet outside my door. It was life-changing for me as well (my hamster hated me smiling face with tear
Because the magical invisible man in the sky will protect you from covid, of course! Nevermind that babies are born with cancer and without limbs, that is only because their parents did not pray enough!
can track which hole the lanjiao enter and before you cum must check out using QR code face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
cannot unfollow the toxic culture when its the in laws that want face brother
Dear OP, thanks for sharing, great observation. The best part is that parents will slowly start fading away as you get into junior college and university. Totally gone when you enter the workforce.
It really depends on the situation. Russia abused their UNSC position. This is the major issue here
End of September? I would say give them until the end of this week.
Except the ministers. And obviously that is the only job that matters here, you silly peasant.
Finally, a new town council!!! smiling face with heart-eyes No more boring stuffs. We need to progress like Korea and Japan!
Free transfer. Army regulars are forced to retire in their 50s. Apparently 65k/mo(?) salary not enough to retire, they need a transfer to maintain their lifestyle.
Indian here. It can get you 1 loaf of bread, 1 litre of milk and 5 eggs. Or 11 packets of ramen.
Government ban all flights and charter flights solely for Singaporeans and PRs. We did this for Singaporeans and PRs in China, we did this for Singaporeans and PRs in other countries
now even those that were going for 2pax have to redo whatever signs or postings they were aggressively showing last few days. Really cannot.
he does have a rather teenage face for a young boy
The best thing about Grab is that it finally forced Comfort to get its act together and make a useable app.
How dare you ask whether you can listen to music while you study, you think you so white ! Now you better finish the revision book by the time I get back, or you will get it from me.
I am in this picture and I do not like it. Reported
I feel sorry for the guy. Throughout this whole thing he is felt like the only one trying to put forward a plan to exit. Then just get constantly undermined by two members who clearly have no exit plan.
I started taking public transport instead of walking because wearing a mask in 30 degree weather is unbearable to me.
I think i will go during hari raya haji instead. This one no hope for me already.
I think it is not right to blame meritocracy for such attitudes. No matter what kind of society they live in, ignorant assholes with no morals will always be ignorant assholes with no morals. They're just screwed up.
I thought you are allowed to peacefully protest in Hongkong and Russia? Your example does not really support your point.
I am sorry you've had to face this, I have too in the past but nothing close to what uv been through. Sorry for being off topic, but this is really well written. Just came here to say that grinning face with sweat
The parents though. They probably saw the kid off to school on supposedly a normal day. Hours later their son is dead.
Social conservatives would do well to remember that illiberalism can easily be weaponised to silence our voices if the People's Action Party ever finds it to its political advantage. Are the Malays properly represented in the political arena?
Is english the standard language in singapore? It seemed like it was his second language but then that confuses me as to why they would be debating in english?
it is hilarious that majorities going to majority. The shit you say is literally the shit American conservatives say when questions of opression and racism are brought up. Racism knows no race.
it is now quicker than Singapore's. Have a look at the German vaccination rates for example.
tl dr You need a mental health professional to correctly diagnose gender dysphoria.
Lee Kuan Yew was right! people are getting sick and tired of the ruling party. And it is time to switch. Matter of time (5/10/15 years) before we have WP as the ruling party! Hooray!
LONG HAVE WE WAITED DEBATES DEBATED NEW CITIZEN IB ACCOUNTS SATED SENGKANG ACTIVATED
This is more like phase 1.5 to be honest. Like can gather in 5 people but no gym
Most want to ban under the guise of covid prevention but actually have inherent racist mindsets
Nice. We had an otter in because that snuck into the Dr. Sun Yat Sen garden and ate like 90% of the Koi. We were sad for the Koi but hyped for the otter. Such a delicacy
No longer being printed (still valid currency and stuffed under many corrupt persons beds).
Not sure what's up with the naming calling, maybe your having a bad reaction from your second shot.
Only reason is because we follow Malaysia time. It seems like eternal daylight savings time.
Orange alert means doctors cannot even take leave. They'll be busy, overworked and underpaid for the next few months. I do not know what I can do to help
Yeah. Have to be seated at the hall by 720AM.
result of the failure of running a proper vaccination campaign. even Boris Johnson managed to do the job in a vast and not sheep-like country such as UK
Today, we salute a man above men. Despite his young stature, he simultaneously established dominance over every Singaporean watching NDP 52 today. A true man of men indeed.
So Ong Ye Kung got a shred of credibility left? And you guys were downvoting me when I said the People's Action Party are a bunch of liars
Sure, your youngsters are 35 year olds, still living with their parents.
Take care and stay safe brother. Hope you manage to find the little things to cherish this Raya still.
that is SOP. Investigation in progress, best is not to comment. Do send your parents a message to reassure them you are ok.
it is abuse as the permanent positions was given in the understanding that the people with veto power will always opt for peace.
The day our Government decided to conveniently perceive precaution as racism was the day I decided that I would never vote for the men in white ever again. Truly scum in sheep's clothing
The guy was just showing the peace among worlds sign.
The mcdonalds at Queensway SC is the best of the best for me in Singapore. Rarely got crowd unless holiday period or lunch time can get packed sometimes
The victim was spotted saying Hello there! to the assailant.
they make us look like we're the epiccenter of this whole thing
They're only getting 31 minutes of sleep less than the top country. Correct me if I am wrong, but that does not really seem like a lot?
Yeap! it is situational. Let's say the subject is unarmed and charged at the officers, tazers are welcomed. But this is a knife situation, so no choice but to use gun.
This is written by someone who cannot handle money. The same would read true for almost exactly the same for citizens of most countries if they have poor fiscal responsibility.
Agree. The assailant appears to be well-trained in martial arts.
Transphobia is one of the most pointless things ever. Just let people do what they will, the only line should be when it affects others negatively and that is the truth
we cannot afford to blah blah blah yeah we geddit boi stop saying your magic line
Well, heaven is supposed to make you happy, hell is supposed to hurt. so maybe not
What's his story? Who's that kid? Who are those guys scolding him?
You are correct. Not all officers are issued with a taser. And most of the time, it is only Regular officers(enlisted) who are issued it.
Who cares what angle. We all know what skyline this is
Yea, that sucks. Having an optimistic mindset is hard when your life is like a hamster wheel.
yeah, to be honest, they are both heaven and hell in their own ways
Should have photoshopped himself in front of ICA building to work around the law.
You'd have to live in a lawless anarchy to be desensitized enough to violence to be able to act properly in a situation like this. This is literally movie shit for real.
Not racist because I ate biryani is fucking gold. Damn, that is how some people justify themselves? do not bother replying them, you cannot fight stupid.
Volunteers without qualifications make Milo and clear away food trays. They do not work as nurses. Like SIA care ambassadors ( http
at least indians can grow beard easily sigh. as a chinese man if feel sad i cannot
What's even weirder is why hospitals are not being more strict in turning away people who do not really need medical attention.
Not in the new guard to be honest. I believe there are more ACS boys.
I just tell them I am not interested or I just walk past them. Simple as that
For someone living in the west I'd love to move to SK smiling face with heart-eyes and get the cockles of my heart warmed. p/s v thankful for TCB as well!! Hypebeast ahgong
Putins a mad man who thinks himself as a Lenin or a genghis Khan type character. He wants to be in the record books for some reason and I am sure he will but for the wrong reasons.
not much people talk about how Aljunied group representation constituency gap increased by a lot. 2015 was 1.9% gap between the 2 parties, 2020 is 19.9% gap. Increase of 18% .
Diversity stretches as far as you can see in the dark.
It shouldn't matter what school you go to or your education. Treat people with decency.
This is not a game of cards. This is your life and mine!
My guess is Government will copy what France did - requiring proof of vaccination to enter cafe, restaurant, shopping centres, etc.
Why not everyone just call? The police/SCDF should be able to handle large influx of calls, so no need to worry they will be overwhelmed.
That problem is surpassed by the threat of antagonising one power, who then lashes out inadvertently or intentionally triggering another world war. Very slippery slope.
Thank you very much. I am very glad we have dedicated healthcare professionals like you. Please persevere, all the best!
This is gross. Honestly, I am sure Singapore has many awesome aspects but wow. Just wow.
Rest In Peace ( We really take peace and safety in this country for granted
Gay men of Singapore, you can now title your sex tape Exhibit A
something about some father who left his company for his son
I cannot go past more than 10 msg before getting the hell out.
If you are under 50 and do not have comorbidities you are not at risk regardless of vaccination status.
Erm do you realise you just had an 8 year gap in your consciousness?
Since you've agreed that the Iraq case was different then we are on similar opinions
Victim secondary 1, suspect secondary 4. How the bullying happened? edit both did not know each other. fuck wrong place wrong time.
Thanks uncles, now my whole week of leave really going to be just me staying at home. cannot even go for a coffee with friends I haven't seen in over a year.
Capitalism breeds a very competitive nature, which stifles a feeling of real community (artificial prayers nonwithstanding). A strong us vs them mentality.
or you know smash something over that guy's head fucking hate when people do not do shit
The amount of resources invested every year in this parade is quite extraordinary and ridiculous.
I would like to pick upstairs, but I am feeling gravity.
'Yea I do listen to a lot of things, except you.'
They keep allowing imports from high risk areas and now with this mess, the obedient citizen has to pay for price and here the Government told everyone to remind vigilant and they are the one underestimate the situation.
be in before 7.20 am. step in at 7.21am and you go for detention from 2pm-4pm stupid rules from stupid HODs Macpherson secondary by the way
I'd go down, though not for Macs. The laksa there is way better!
you live your life looking towards retirement? how do you define retirement? theres no law that says you need to get married, or buy a house, or have kids. you feel miserable because you live by society's rules.
This is the Court putting the Government on notice that they will strike down Section 377A if the AG ever tries to enforce it, but in a way that does not put them in the middle of a political maelstrom.
Good point, I've added it in. Thought I did, but I missed it out. Thanks for quoting your numbers too.
Good use of filters! Love the colour palette. Anatomy is pretty good too!
Woohoo, congratulations OP! I've been waiting for this game since you posted here some years back! Going to download and try over the weekend.
Probably avoided security guards, bet they did not even do a temperature check.
What kind of lens did you use for this? Is it just a normal one, or a wide angle?
It reminds me of the devil may cry reboot. Bob Barbas is over there! (points to the reflection)
Zimbabwe software engineers going to cry bloody tears because int and long won't suffice
At least you aren't a toxic dual Diamatti user sliding and bunny hopping around the map. Right?
Ya in general Government sector need to be abit wary with any personal social media that can be linked to you. Which is why I love reddit because I can shitpost and retain my faceless minion status
Hong Kong wanted to covid zero but Omricon decided to yank them violently into endemic.
Is this the business that was formerly on Balestier Rd? Can you post the current location?
did not Singapore use to supply components for chemical weapons used by Iraq following their invasion of Iran?
She could have retired, but her fight back from injury had been one of the most inspiring comeback stories for Singaporean athletes. She may not have won a medal, but she won our hearts.
To be fair they weren't the only ones to use the veto.
Yeah. In the US loads of folks are moving back in with their parents/families, and it is absolutely something to not be ashamed of. Rent there is so expensive, and if possible, it is good to be close to a support system.
Suggest instead of national service, Singapore sends all its 18 year olds to rural Australia for 2 years?
Yes, I did, and the conclusion was that there was no wrongdoing, merely strict parenting .
If you bobo shooter like me can shoot many times. Your company mates wont like you tho.
Uh Thailand was an axis ally. They sided with the Japanese.
And not handing their kids money for the groceries. Damn, you just made me relive some childhood trauma.
A fresh university graduate starts at 3000-3500 on average in most industries
If no issue with parents/in the house then do not move out. 850/month is 10.2k/yr and 5yrs is 51k cash , can use for build-to-order/reno or all in PUTS later today 1030pm
I remember watching his stunts on TV and was like what the fuck is this monk.
Where did you see that stalls are offering 50% off, just wondering.
Fair enough. Worth noting from your third source, 49% of Indians and 18% of Chinese have experienced housing discrimination. Not a negligible amount of Chinese people though
As a med tech, thanks for remembering us. We do not just push buttons to churn out results. There is a lot more than meets the eye to our job and I hope the field gets then recognition it deserves.
all i see is a person with balls of steel
Yeah Russia made a circus out of UN security council
no choice what. Raise issue liao better be prepared to fix it - but how to fix when got so much work already?
This 1 can shoot without firing the warning shot. I wondered how many charges he will receive?
Did someone say Anthony Anton S for Stench of the Poor on the MRTs S Casey? Global douchebag?
Shows that even without boosters or vaccination the risk is extremely low under age 50.
Meanwhile Germany to end most restrictions in March including vaccination ones http And in Denmark officials see no reason to give more covid vaccines. http
Okay , then I just say I accept all races, then when Indians apply I just reject. Now BOTH parties can waste their time.
I feel parliament isn't a place for people to banter, but what do I know? I am from a even lousier school person shrugging
Huh, good question. I think we were all sold on the assessment that Iraq had WMDs that turns out was based on loose as fuck Intel from the US
Just australia. And they are coming under heavy fire from their local populace for barring citizens from returning. Its not a popular policy apparently
Pests, gotta trap and hunt these otters. Make good skin bags
There definitely was before. I stopped using a registered CC on the comfort app due to the additional fee. Not sure if it has changed now.
What was IMDA Nisha? The doc in Australia nachtsider shit was hilarious
And yet public transport is still somehow - miraculously - a covid free zone. it is incredible.
Honestly, it was not the biggest web I've seen them make. We used to have lots in my backyard. Nothing like walking into one in the middle of the night when you are going lock up the chickens.
I had dumplings, not bad. The wrappers are much thinker than the chinese equivalent. It was pretty expensive, but it was nice.
I am pretty relaxed about spiders, but I am not putting my banana next to that. The comparison would not be flattering.
Introduce the Malay uncle you met to the Christian auntie in Parkway Parade.
there was a time where you can win condo/car/coupon/phone by donate during charity show and all the mediacorp artists basically selling their life (climbing the ladder that is made of sword etc) 1900 112 6868/8888
the late 80s and 90s babies are mostly starting families now, we might see a change in a 5 years or so! hopefully
Well at some point in his life he took the MRT
I do not understand why Singaporeans cannot just be amiable to everyone. It shouldn't matter what caste or class you are, treat every person with the respect and courtesy you would want for yourself.
I disagree. I am Chinese and people make no assumptions about my religion. I cannot say the same for my Malay friends.
Yup both LHZB and SMDN are reporting injured and not killed currently
Bai Nian not bad but I miss the time they had the stall selling mee pok with tons of prawn paste balls.
Stun them with some ridiculously outrageous statement and quickly walk away. Like only suckers pay for digital services .
india is the ultimate double agent . it is the only country that calls both the USA and Russia it is allies and is able to purchase weapons from the both of them.funny how nobody has asked them to pick a side yet.
Baby grenades is by far the funniest way I've seen someone describe monkey balls jahajha
Losers can only downvote. Each downvote is a reminder of the number of losers on this thread. Please keep downvoting suckaaaas!!!
it is a fantastic speech. Unfortunately, all countries go by the who are you to tell me what I can and cannot do doctrine, Singapore included.
EXACTLY, imagine if you were the fence on getting vaccinated, with this news you would be more reluctant compared to if you had incentive to do so.
I do not play/follow this sorts of things. but i remember the day it came out, people outside office buildings looking at their phones like zombies. well, more zombie-like than usual.
I wish these signs are real. Please share coordinates if possible.
did not he learned in martial class to never use his power against non-martial artists?
Ever since he botched the YOC and did not take any responsibility, I knew that Vivian, while being competent at his job, is an elitist and probably looks down on everyone.
Sure. And when Singapore bombs another country, I'll come to reddit and post my objections as well.
If you guys haven't watched The Office yet, please do. GO NOW.
Is true. I called a woman brain got water after she said she's going to homeschool her daughter if schools mandate vaccination and I got banned quickly.
Sure, let's not have a conversation about it so people have to resort to this.
I dunno why you need to type all this out because you made your bed now you lie in it. Suck it up.
iPhones, fancy cars, dining out. The crazy part is that these are lower quality than the alternatives. The only way to buy these is to be marketed to.
Bless your soul. You have my utmost respect and without people like you, Singapore wouldn't be in the position it is today in the outbreak. Hang in there!
Made me reflect on how we take the simplest of things for granted - where they find such joy in the littlest things. Really makes me feel grateful smiling face with halo
Girls to Police, Encik to Civi, Frogmen to PES E. SO MANY IDEAS!!!
I really do not want another CB, but replaying MapleStory Private Server was fun tho. after all these years still F Cute cashy maple gf, must active
Yeah I not going with People's Action Party, there's only people's voice and SDP here in my area so yeah, pretty much People's Action Party is going to take my area.
brother why you wanna squat in the curl rack? go to the smith machine la I am being sarcastic
Looks like some things do not change. Death, Taxes and Mindless parrorting by this dude ( http
See now Sengkang residents have 4 MPs serving them, and another 4 potential MPs serving them as GRA. So lucky of them.
I was thinking since our notes are made from plastic, couldn't the Government use recycled plastic to manufacture the notes?
Fucking legend right here ok. She did well and we should be proud
If I am feeling pissed off about the ever-changing rules from our clueless and useless multi-ministry task force, I can only imagine what the guys in the f&b industry are going through. I hope they manage to pull through this.
How much did it cost in total and for how many pax ?
what kind of stupid question is that, they so old alr how to fight
Loved it! Can anyone elaborate on the reference to Sunway?
If the Government stops the unvaxxed from going to Church to protect the Parish, now THAT is going to be interesting.
As someone who owned a family karaoke lounges I feel your pain. Government has categorically ruled out shielding us from the landlords. We are in this fight ourselves.
Ok but another serious question. Is the food good? I wanna try it
mental health in Singapore is going down the drain. poor kid. rip
Now the prata flip already you cannot even eat there while it is fresh. Enjoy your soggy prata.
This is why I laugh at people who think karaoke lounges took the 50k grant and pivoted to f&b. In reality most did not even bother.
I think her performance in this olympics is amazing! Thanks mengyu for making Singapore proud in the world stage!
Both countries already have sanctions in place and both arent being invaded of invading so what's your point?
Regardless of whether OP had the sense or not, taking it at face value demonstrates a lack of critical thinking. All that social studies and GP supposed trained our citizens to think evidently failed for Singapore redditors.
When you have like ministers on your side you can do anything brother
This is the reality of many elites looking down on others. Deeply rooted within them and their family. Such a shame they are leaders
this is fucking funny. To all those who think we should stop sharing go fuck yourself
And Jack Neo be like please drink it first to decide for yourself if it is toxic milk or green tea milk
Next time, you can tell them you've just tested positive for covid and you gotta go home right now to self isolate p hope you get your refund soon!!
Grab recently announced $1 fare hike to better support drivers . (The extra $1 does not go to the drivers).
indeed this guy would fit well in a boys school, crazy shit and shenanigans 24/7
Our covid community cases were under control until the imported cases from India begin swelling.
can only speak for myself. Hopefully other residents give Jamus and co. a chance too
Might be some blow up in Pasir Gudang (further north of Ubin) as you mentioned this is the general direction.
Very cool! Wish I could put this up on my wall.
This kinda boomers anything happen also first thing call police. Think they garang all.
yes I did not know this, thanks for the correction. Was thinking of the guy in Anthony Ler's case
And you get to decide what is unjust based on your feelings? Sounds like an SJW mentality
Yeah war and political boundaries are also made up. Maybe I should go start a war for fun tmr cause fuck them right
thanks! will give it a shot after work or something!
feels and looks like there is less of such foreign born athletes topics around now unlike the last time. This is a good sign and positive takeaway, 1 step forward for our country.
IF you want to see hot Euro/Russian chicks it is usually good to go on the weekend.
Honestly I do not have great hope if we are locked down.
If it makes you feel better retirement does not exist in our land of the free either
and laws can be unjust. that is what they are trying to say.
Well, technically in that way, everything you get is pure take home. If they were here as a normal foreign worker they would have to pay for rent and settle their food and transport.
Nah, the Japan nowadays isn't the Japan of the 90s, or even 2010s anymore. I would argue Singapore's workplace culture isn't as widely reported as Japan's that is why the perception is that Japan regarded as the worst.
If he trains mma the victim would be unconscious a lot sooner. Think he just knows some basic moves that is about it. Not throwing his weight in his strikes properly is the main indicators
india should ban people from leaving instead of countries banning indian flights
because you started comparing with us with Wuhan as if it serves any purpose. It does not matter if we are behaving better or worse than Wuhan. The point is we have to do better right?
And it'll disappear like the actual group representation constituency back in 2001.
Carholic mission schools had something similar. Some charity welfare draw. Thought you might have been referring to that.
do not just put idi nahui. Use this instead , . Government of Russian Federation, idi nahui
I'd still have a higher probability of snagging a seat for a trip to Mars.
Side note Do you know if they have in stock?
The all-or-nothing nature of our parliamentary electoral system ensures that it is possible for any party to form a supermajority with just 33% of the popular vote, provided they win in the larger GRCs. Source ( http
With the recent weather, it almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter
To all racists get the hell out of the country as soon as borders reopen
So pretty much like any conservative country? In the nature course of things it'll be repealed eventually. I wouldn't be surprised if it gets repealed in 10 years
Ismail Sabri is too busy with the upcoming Johor State Election to care, given the mono braincell creature he is.
Zoom call n break the seal on the spot. Eh if not the boss useless , antigen rapid test also cannot supervise Be boss for what
That was the school the President used to study ded.
it is easier on smooth brains to group A and B together as long as there is even 1 single correlation. Sadly, rigid smooth surfaces also reflect sound the loudest.
Put a new post when you get a response. You can have my upvote.
I think we all know hes trying to keep the population calm
when you are running low on crimewatch content, so you need some more action
Unrelated, but we really need to improve the standard of spoken English in Singapore.
did not Singapore also donate supplies and money for relief efforts?
oh no its almost 2am and i still have work tmr.
Wow what are some russian snacks that are a must try there?
Engage in real life too with your friends and relatives kk?
The good ones do not get attention because good people are, thankfully, pretty damn widespread and therefore unremarkable. Chin up, there's still hope in the world ) edit but ya, some people damn fucked up
RenCi scandal. Renci one is worse because that person is literally a monk who should be fully honest & free from greed.
In life, the only people I trust are my parents and the dead.
I mean it is so long ago and the ones who involved in it has been arrested. so it is not a surprise that people stop talking about it . After all it still operating very important healthcare business
you are under AMK group representation constituency, nothing changes for you. The constituency names are really more guidelines than anything else, and people get too hung up about it.
star vista was originally under Capitaland. the church only owns the concert hall until recently I think capitaland does not want it anymore also because they cannot build another roof garden and have Uniqlo & Toastbox around.
There is huge rental demand in the Boon Lay area. The entire tuas area taps into Boon Lay.
Educated working class birth rate falls. Poor uneducated birth rate stays the same I'd wager
at least the guy getting his ass kicked knows how to protect his face from further damage.but i think he is going to suffer a few broken ribs from all the stompings he received
casuse no one wants to be the next victim on this guy's list.
he thinks singaporean officers won't use guns on him
i doubt they can clean up anytime soon, the police will need to send in the CIDs to investigate the scene for evidences first.they'll probably have to stay up late today to do the cleaning up tho.
Well actually. that is her husband right there, so yes face with tears of joy
i would rather not eat then. it is going to cause indigestion if you rushed to finish your food that fast.
This. This is exactly what the Government wants. Finger-pointing among us so we do not look at them.
isnt japan more stressful than singapore? but at least there's nature over there
No he is saying there is but the left tries to claime there isn't
thank god firearms are banned in Singapore, otherwise this secondary 4 guy is likely do something similar to the shootouts they have in the US schools.
Finally i get to use this. Somebody going to get hurt real bad.
you wont get 10 years for assaulting someone.maybe if he did that to Lee Hsien Loong.but he'll probably get strokes
Minorities people need to stop being racist, we need to be respected too. Also minorities You Chinese people need to recognise your privilege uh, shut up and listen to us! DOUBLE STANDARD MUCH?
House prices in Singapore are extremely affordable for Singaporean citizens.
Well, technically it was MacPhun's Intensify CK.app but I take your point. Not the most subtle of effects. I am still learning.
This template will only be useful in your dreams. so go back to sleep
Arab is actually have less sleep and there's still many other countries too.
Op my man, what do you have against healthy heterosexual families?
brother our defence doctrine is literally a pre emptive strike into Malaysia as Singapore do not have strategic depth
Zigma be like F you! never heard your channel! I am always on YT now! face with tears of joy folded hands medium-light skin tone clapping hands medium-light skin tone clapping hands medium-light skin tone
Sorry that you are probably being downvoted for a very rational and valid opinion. Some idealists on this sub want progress at the expense of stability and at all cost unfortunately.
Surely that is a safety procedure. In school, kids are drilled on how to respond to security threats, and stay in one place, turn off lights, hide underneath desks and shut down phones is the advice.
Why would it be pointless, the unvaccinated clog up our healthcare system which regardless of the number, making them vaccinated would help us reopen at a faster and smoother pace.
You get sex ed from science class? We Technical stream only get sex ed from porn .
Zig is integrated with / as a lifestyle app with stuff like recommendations for what to do around you, and has a more modern and clean user interface
The first soldiers to step into Ukraine were conscripts sent to the border and told they were 'on training'.
only the schools with confirmed cases have gone hbl, the rest still normal but would probably close down soon. ministers have been avoiding that question
i for one welcome the diversity of opinions from USER and USER makes reddit a more interesting place vacates mic so will i be collecting my 50c in cash or cheque?
Russian shill has appeared. You mean they're using Neo Nazis (Wagner Group) to wage an imperialistic war to reclaim former colonies in Eastern Europe?
Agree with you. I am scared for these protestors. I do not know how they'll be treated in custody
Yeah, all those professionally trained civilians who watched videos on how to drive Russian videos on tiktok, right? The fuck are you talking about?
But if HSK lost, CottonComesrromSheeps might well be our next PM!!! His team did not get a strong mandate anyway.
WHY ARE YOU HOLDING IT LIKE THAT edit just saw the web but still brother
I will take the MRT to end of the line one day.
exactly! I only heard of this months ago! And people still cram with in-laws?
Serious question, given that there's only 33 confirmed case thus far, are there really that much increased demand on ambulance drivers?
There are no non essential shops closure right? Just in case I missed when reading the news.
fuck, there goes my PB for doing this sai kang
When push comes to shove, blame and push to ordinary Singaporeans for everything . Peasants kanna the shit still happily vote for them in the next elections, of course just fling shit at peasants la!
This is how Singapore's culture has been constructed from top to bottom. it is a good thing there are 16-year-olds like you who are sufficiently self-aware. Hopefully each passing generation will be a little better than the previous one.
They probably will. I know people who have interacted with some of them in real life and most say that they've imbibed the military kool-aid.
not going to lie, sometimes I do wonder what happened to him. Probably got a lot of pussy the next day,.
Uncle really thought he could win a gunfight with a knife
Just give 2.6k salary can already. Because OT does not apply to people earning more than that amount
Spotting illegal use of 12-6 elbows. Actually, everything about this is illegal.
Nah, USA is shooting. UK much better comparison, they're the ones that like stabbing.
Develop healthy and rewarding relationships, including those with members of the opposite sex. smirking face smirking face smirking face Sexual Ed should be about the actual science, the facts, inclusiveness, and CONSENT. When was the syllabus last revised? If at all?
yup, that is why I caps it , wanted to write . Inclusiveness, consent, consent, consent and consent face with tears of joy Some people need to have please ask for consent on their appendages so they will remember.
Never heard of Zig. Thanks! Will install it and have a look
it is probably your phrasing. Those who downvoted probably thought you were wondering what does 'Spreading' mean. Anyway, Those involved are worried about this issue spreading since it is NDP, pretty much the biggest and most important day in Singapore.
SENGKANG BOYS, LETS hammer People's Action Party FROM NOW ON. do not LET THEM IN OUR ZONE
I mean, how to tell the unvaccinated to TT public transport? That one impossible . At least they start to tighten on these unvaxx that are making life harder than it needs to be.
I am so far away from AMK but somehow ended in AMK group representation constituency
. What a leap. Do you also think that the CNA reporter covering the story masterminded the protest?
Yeah they can take their carpal tunnel syndrome and shove it. They always say waste my taxes , but truth is, the tax they pay cannot even pay for administrator support for the Olympics team.
Waiting for the video to be sent via Bluetooth
I wonder if capture the spider and sell online is it illegal
What industry are you in? Having no weekends seems awful.
What kind of retard comes up with this kind of caption? Your grandfather grandmother will join the war also?
Yeah heard auditing's work life balance is awful, especially if you are in a big 4 firm.
Wonder if he'll address this. it is really not a good look considering he is one of those that parrots the line every school a good school .
Quite insane to think that whatever measures we had before this week were basically working for a year but it only took a single week for the Indian variant to shut society down
Yeah. HDB has a scheme ( http for couples to rent their own place before build-to-order arrives. Not many people I know are using it though.
Fb though. it is like stirring a filled potty and stating there's poop in there.
Post something Russian you see all the Freedom bots crawling out.
this is really nice, I missed when the merlion was so beloved
did not he program a sudoku solver? He can do cyberwarfare.
Yu Mengyu is a real champ!!! She's playing like 4 in the world. She made Singapore proud!!!
Tell me 'bout it, my secondary school teacher used to look down on me mind you she was my form teacher and I quote what she said At this rate, you are going your future isn't going anywhere.
Lee Hsien Loong do not need eye power. My sargen from doorframe can eyepower 8 bunks and 16 shelves, can tank for him one.
I have uploaded this at a pretty high res. You can d/l and print your own. Can add your own text too! I left a space at the top left hand side. )
Even basic chemicals are components for chemical weapons. It does not really meqn anything. America used to ban exports of Sony Playstations to some countries because they could be used for missile guidance systems. You could turn anything into a weapon.
. No. The person you are replying to was trying their darnest to tell you that this photo was taken in front of ICA and not TTSH. Not that it should be taken at ICA instead of TTSH.
This kind of behaviour has no place in Singapore. These guys arent the ones attacking Ukraine. I'd be dissappointed if it was Singaporeans writing those.
Thank you for flagging an underrated comment. Unfortunately, on this occasion your concern was unnecessary and the comment was rated accurately.
When you are a sign board in a MRT but your dream job is a microwave.
Because we can. Their concerns can be easily swiped away with just a minister saying they will help/look into it.
We are very inclusive to all types to people including the racists and the xenophobics I am being sarcastic
At this rate, they literally cannot go anywhere and will be more or less forced to be vaccinated. Just mandate it at this point.
Better start smoking so I can die early- oh wait, cannot. Neighbour going to ban me in my own house. .
Sian, when will this ever end? Why are we e ones always getting the blame and paying the price for their incompetency and their half baked measures?
Visit him at his house and bring all those nice food for him
99% of Singaporean Malays are Muslim so I'd say its about the same odds with Malaysia. I do not see how it is a significantly better guess
Very common in army days. Worked with high ranked people who judged people a lot basef off their education. Suspect its still common in army and Government
A good portion of the vaccination in Hong Kong is also base on Sinovac as compared to mRNA vaccine. So the resulting infection rate statistics is useful real world comparison of the vaccines.
As adults our days are longer and we are unable to disconnect from work duringvlunch unlike primary sch days
This is not an oppression Olympics. One issue at a time please
Even in manufacturing if your employees spend too much time working wouldnt there be a higher risk of defected products as the workers will be more careless and tired.
should i be honoured someone copied my comment? Regardless I am glad you agree.
From your experience, assuming no surge period, how much is it more expensive compared to street hail?
Off-topic I realise ConfortDelgro app & Zig app cannot find/put National Orchid Garden as a destination but Tada/Ryde/Gojek can wonder why
I feel proud of Singapore. We are small, but we are as strong as we are united.
Sounds like gang or illicit business that he cannot afford to have the police meddle in.
Probably that is the whole point of why he was elected or put in power. Good optics.
Weird to see how other countries police use fire arms. In the Us the guy would not only empty his clio into the man, the other cops would probably start shooting too.
Just show them the appointment card. do not interpret too literally.
She's not a nurse but thanks! I do IT in a government-linked company in a related field. Healthcare runs on not only doctors and nurses but therapists of all sorts, radiologists, lab techs, administrator, etc. Shoutout to them as well!
Can , he can cry for you also. Pretty sure the paycheck covers that.
I've never installed Grab. Always stuck with local cabs and do not use food delivery.
Story related to me by a Chinese Malaysian. He experienced in a supermarket checkout where the Malay cashier refused to even touch a can of pork luncheon meat.
I totally forgot to read the reviews! Thanks a lot )
that is a very wholesome way to look at it. Thanks so much )
It was subtle but I did feel the tremor in the West
do not wipe. use it to scrape instead. after that can wash and reuse!
I hope they give him max applicable jail term and rotan the shit out of him, see how tough he really is.
it is along a major road toward the CBD, and walking distance from Fort Canning, UE Square and Liang Court. I wouldn't exactly call it ulu.
Just found a new job but haven't sign contract yet. Maybe going to get screwed over again by this
Spot on . It it to secure the mandate of their stupid elderly voters base .
Will try the android port, if there ever is one.
Good thing to note that China and Russia have good diplomatic relations
that is what happened with Iraq. it is just something that w shave to accept will happen
Amazing speech. I wonder if we would share the same sentiment towards a Chinese invasion over Taiwan.
I literally got banned after my first comment. I lasted 5 seconds.
If the country leader has to go to the battlefield he is not doing a good job
Sounds like his justification to call tender for a surface to air missile system.
I agree. Huge majority of us work for money. If the pay reflects the amount of effort fairly, then people will indeed try harder to make it work.
oh sorry I lost the keys to the vehicle oh no Where's all my bullets? oops how did the fuel line get cut?
are you for real? OK ok you win. All Russians are just good people who have been brainwashed. You are the master of nuance and critical thinking. They should give you Nobel peace prize.
Treat like dirt? I give them eye contact, smile and make them think I will speak with them, then never stop walking, break eye contact, and continue with life .
I do not know for me as a muslim i was told not to touch dogs saliva only (so do not touch dog toys etc) I am not sure if its the same for other muslims
Pro CCP - Anti CCP - 2 Propagandish but at least they tell a good story
Honestly, this isn't sexuality education. it is sex education. it is not about sexuality. it is just about all the horrible diseases you'll end up with for fucking around. It was and still is a whole lot of bullshit.
Whats going to happen to the 16 year old? Will he get capital punishment or something at least where his life is ruined? Probably not, right?
So grateful for Pritam. What a leader and an example of sheer class to everyone. Am very glad he is still my MP
Having the main decision maker out in the field taking such high risk is stupid
1 step forward, 2638292 steps back. Tired as fuck. Enough la.
Everything they offer say I already have . If they ask what say I do not know my parents did for me .
Heard of one case of suicide in RV this year and many other cases of self harm, perhaps they are undergoing lots of stress.
I agree with you, but there's just one thing that bugs me. We're called the Strawberry Generation?!?!
Spot on, I live in Korea and see people here say the exact same stuff as OP so often and claim oh my god hell Korea , not realizing that all the shit that makes it hell are choices .
There's a play, Lungs, about exactly this question - it was showing at the Singapore Repertory Theatre from June to July 2021 http
A 3 digit balance is really scary. Does your wife share this regret though?
Agreed. I am a Buddhist but I do not see the need to force my belief onto my future generations. You cannot impose it. The older generations will never understand. But we can change the future )
Amount so little it is almost as if they're making fun of us
For all you know, they will be liabilities rather than assets face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy best to take a backseat and strategizing the war.
cannot wait for jamus meet mp session which would literally be like a fan sign and people going to him for weird things.
do not see any difficulty in this. Just head down and be done with it.
all skools are good skools but some skools must have been lousy skools
worked in CS GO knife only, went to CT spawn, forgot to rush B gg ez
This isn't 8chan yo, you gotta be nicer to each other in this sub
A 40-year-old was subsequently identified and arrested on the same day for the offence of public nuisance. The man will also be investigated for voluntarily causing hurt. The fuck? The video not clear enough?
because being ineligible does not mean you are protected by the vaccine
reminds me of the time they caught corbyn calling theresa may stupid woman
Wish I could, but it goes against my principles. I only like to engage people who are very free
I hate that I agree with the singapore police seriously tho what did the guy expect. of course you are going to get shot
I guess those who are in the group also read this sub
Hurr hurr my parents can afford private school so i am better - People's Action Party politicians
Nah brother you hv no idea what kids know these days
As long as SAF keeps paying him, he will keep making the recruitment films.
Open border summore open border summore Prioritise short term economy then damage long term
Absolutely fantastic good work brother. coughs chokes on smoke and dies
Not even a fan of watching sports in general but YMY's games caught my attention. Her fighting spirit really shined this Olympics
people are realising this. Singapore is a rich man and expat paradise. If you are middle class you will forever struggle, to say nothing of lower class.
I feel LW and Gan Kim Yong are too out of bloody touch with the community. They probably do not care and arent affected by the lockdowns anyway with their high ses lifestyles
They do not need POFMA. This is going to be one of those news that will remain on subreddit of Singapore and subreddit of Singapore only.
The lack of mental healthcare, the stress of coping with exams, while also going through puperty. No wonder sucide rate is the highest for Singaporeans aged 10-20.
Honestly it is not too bad considering there are jobs offering half the hours and half the hourly pay these days. it is a struggle for Singaporeans with no qualifications, who get low hourly rates and cannot get enough hours to survive.
Why do so many people discriminate against Indian tenants? Why is that not illegal? Why is a 2 bedder in boonlay almost 4k/month? So many questions.
What customer. he is likely reporting to the project management. Which in a sense, is a customer. But if his customer is japanese construction then his fuxked.
100% sure, walked pass this station 2 times a day
Fair enough. you eat char siew, i eat you 3
Coming coming soon Inoise Inoise mini Inoise Pro Inoise Pro Max
I compare cdg and grab Cheapest one gets my $$
Heard his extremely loud yell while my contingent was marching to the pick-up point after the parade (we passed by the holding area for HPPS performers otw to our buses)
So am I,I was terrifyed when seeing this in my homepage
4 pax, roughly just under $30 each. But there was a 1-for-1 dumpling platter offer so maybe without the offer it is $35?
I am ok with this. Probably going to be a hot take though.
Give less information so they know minimum and not enough details to tell the press anything. It is call media control which is very common thing to do when such crime happens.
WEF is happening in Singapore later this year and it had traditionally attracted large numbers of protesters. The Public Order Act will probably continue to be enforced in light of things like these, sadly.
Drop the theater . Please just shut the fuck up if you do not have any working solution to offer. it is either do everything or do nothing for you clowns. Nothing in between.
I am not small size. Slightly buff and I would hesitate to engage physically. I have no background in martial arts. Real life ain't movie, y'all. He seems to know how to fight. One punch and I am sleeping on the floor.
It isn't like that in the West. Basically the average Singaporean has met 0 Russians so they do not understand things are different now.
I did not see restaurants having the time to do so.
I would have given this a award if a hentai post did not come before this
About time the MMTF got summoned before the COP for their dammed lies.
Where's my singaporean lo fi boy? ai
All with the UK announcing 40,000 cases yesterday at the same time as opening up night clubs. 10x the population 217x the number of cases
I've had five dogs (serially) and loved every one of them to bits. A kid is a different level entirely. The relatively short lifespan compared to my own also puts some distance on the relationship.
you are a lunatic. You know otters moved back into Singapore right?
Actually all the P5s did not sign either. And yet talk so loud on international law. pui.
Hey, thank you so much. ) Glad to know my art inspired you!
Huh, that story has been tought in primary school a long time already. Unless they have changed the syllabus or that you are not from here, it would make sense for you to not know.
my instagram is here but I only recently started posting http all of my art can be found here http not much local stuff though, sorry!
Thanks. ) Yeah I did, was from Lasalle, back in the days when it was still at Goodman rd. I am old!
Honestly, equality should mean equality in every aspect. I do not think i need to explain why, but the pledge needs to be updated severely.
Once upon a time, these jobs used to pay $12-$15 per hour.
I gusss by extension all shopping mall and f&b workers need to be vaccinated to enter premises. Also delivery people and etc. Office workers also. Roundabout way to force mandatory vaccination mandate without actually saying it.
Parents HOLD THE JOSS STICK PROPERLY! LOOK AT GUAN YIN MA AND REFLECT. SHE GAVE YOU A GOOD BRAIN BUT YOU do not KNOW HOW TO USE IT! Child crying face
I am not using it to deflect anything. The original comment was to dump the racists in Australia.
yes, a responsible parent with a healthy mindset. Of course we'll throw rotten eggs at you. Jokes aside, thanks for keeping such common sense in mind. I wish previous generations had been as wise.
just hop over to Australia and experience it for cheap.
I read the quotes in Gollum's voice edit I am an idiot, Smeagol is the husband and Gollum the wife
View link ( http --- Info ( http Feedback ( http for savevideo)& 32 & 32 Donate ( http & 32 & 32 DMCA ( http removal request for savevideo&message http & 32 & 32 (reddit video downloader) ( http
But they need to get food , so go food places to dabao eat when free.
Looks like someone's getting freaky in the control room eyes eyes eyes
sad whale noise It was nearly impossible to do this smiling face with tear
Mainly items that have dual-use classification, meaning they have both civilian and military applications. Chlorine gas, for example, if Singapore makes chlorine gas, I would expect any shipment into Russia to stop. http
do not, they will just try to attack you back. The best way is to make loud noise like clapping or stomping while looking aggressive. They will just leave
Well. They do try to scare the monkeys away by sounding a loud horn but that is all ig
Minutes? How about hours . I think majority will slp about 6h a day
do not post anything to rile them, the banhammer is swift and 1 negative message will get you banned. unfortunately i cannot read them anymore
I checked. Their McChicken a la carte is 112. Which is almost the worth of the $2 shown in the video.
Reminds me of the Band of Brothers episode where the officer never reply promptly then kena shot by the prowler.
But technically the 'further further notice' should never be read since it is currently an infinite loop between the first two notices
Sad to say, I do not know how to play mah-jong. (I know, the horror!!!)
I feel like many people have long forgotten about the J Neo Scandal.
Too small to tell the difference, does not matter had .
+10000 THIS If you have backbone, you'll immediately turn into the biggest target and get shanked by all the promotion-hungry bandits. Never again.
You do know the current Ukraine president is an actor , comedian and a showman right.
These otters sure know how to enjoy life with high class living!
Sorry if it comes across different . When you've been married almost thirty years, people say stupid stuff, get pissy, but ultimately forgive and work on issues.
Truthfully it is only recently he is brought it up. After 30 years together you'd think it wouldn't matter. he is never been a super strict Muslim, mostly fasts during Ramadan and does not eat pork but that is it.
Yeah BUT if you have a medical condition you are supposed to be allowed. Supposed. My husband still glares at me during Ramadan, even though he freaking knows a) I am not a Muslim b) I have a medical condition.
These monkeys know how to behave than some people I know
Fun fact The principal of the school retired some time afterwards.
While blasting the gang song? Aw aw sa lak gau!
you are the fucking talent singapore needs keep up the good work
he is ugly by the way. i bet his parents are no better.
what the fuck is happening why is he just attacking him like that?
do you seriously think that their permit would have been approved in the first place? seriously?
that is true as well. Hence the whole poison shrimp thing comes into play. At this stage unlikely but i Hope it ends soon for all
Good thing that sour grapes on reddit do not always make the best predictions then )
Li kua . Li kua . Keep the fucking borders open to high risk countries some more. Song boh, now got CB 2.0?
Oh, wow. I would have thought that this is considered as child abuse. (
my condolences to the victim and family folded hands to all the rv kids, take care pleading face
We always support the sovereignty of nations but did not we support the Iraq war?
Yeah good luck trying to identify the guy from this video
I like pirozhki Is that something similar to the Polish prerogi?
that is the case for all healthcare workers. Locums are historically and presently paid multiple times that of permanent staff grinning face with sweat
Wish it was mine . Credits to cryingin7eleven on Instagram please ( http
But underneath there is substance. They are reducing the rental by 50% and NOT increasing fare. Anthony Tan's devout ass would nmhs even never imagined the backlash to such a noble gesture!
Sometimes it works out well on TADA. But they do not have a lot of drivers so it is tough to find a can when one needs it most. The service otherwise Is pretty good.
I did not see any restaurants publicly adopt the 5pax fully vaxed rule.
yeah imagine if there were wp rallies this year. next election will be interesting to watch if nicole seah runs again
3rd most upvoted post of all time in subreddit of singapore, congrats OP and prepare for your article to get stolen by one of the local news sites!
Get the mother fuming nuts and lose her shit in front of the kid, then hope someone records the entire thing and makes it viral on fb. Win-win!
Take an upvote. Hopefully, this elitist afraid to lose mindset will die out in the next generations to come!
they've made our beds and now we must sleep in it
Not likely to be wearing masks, lots of sweat/bodily liquids flying around an enclosed area. Probably the same kinda reasons why karaoke is still disallowed till now.
CB You could not live with your own failure. Where did that bring you? Back to me
This. Their collective vaccination rates are higher than the general population. Should just let them go about their days.
I've always wondered this. MC Donald's near gyms seems to be pretty much the norm atleast in the UK. Is it the gym that decides to setup beside a McD or the other way around?
Actually wouldn't shame the guy videoing what he is doing is v brave and providing evidence( and the only one actively doing something based on this video alone)
I know right that is my main point cannot imagine any parent in this situation trying to contact them and not getting reply they would assume the worst
the timing of it tho, just when I wanted to join one haizz.
cannot say if i can say. it is in jurong island. And i stay in sengkang. So. Yeah!
I try my little to game, read some things, watch some videos/movies to unwind.
Not sure but OP sounds like he/she will be the first one off the island in a sampan
Unvaccinated people cannot use any public toilet. Toimet ambassadors will ne deployed.
Singapore voted for the un resolution condemning the invasion. What you talking bout?
I always see them talking and sometimes smiling among themselves throughout the session. Could be happening more often than we think.
leadership is like shit. Everything got new restrictions. did not even get rid of the ones from before CNY even though we went back to 0-1 average the last few mths
Depends which area of finance. I am in transaction banking at a European bank and my hours are pretty alright (40 - 50/week).
Maybe he can cry while negotiating with other leaders, making them feel so awkward they'll give him anything
I guess Malaysia could be worried that they lose the warranty and tech support for their Su-30 jets.
literally invades a territory wishing for speedy and peaceful settlement ?
Our fault again loh. it is always Singaporeans' fault. We deserve it I am being sarcastic
Why specifically Indians and not other minorities? What's the beef?
So weird, the karma difference between this comment and the one thanking india
oh my god this is so good. like some secondary schoolboys trash talking. maybe they will say this is just locker room talk
so not only kenna expose as an elitist, but a liar also
to be honest I've been thinking like that since years ago. Those people also saying that our (Indo) best president is Soeharto, literally Indo version of Putin/Marcos, who stole billion dollars from my country and has his own death squad.
We still have the measures from before CNY Our Government only knows how to ban, do not know how to remove restrictions
Gyms also closed till 30th. PepeHands. I just want to rock climb
my point is that people are too easily manipulated by the media
Wuhan was so panicking . They just seem orderly now cause everyone do not dare go out. Think most vehicles still banned from travelling
not just due to work, in order to at least have some rest time, I will gladly Sacrifice my sleep. If I cannot reduce work hours, I will just sleep lesser to play longer
Yeah 11 million people in one city that is why large scale. Adversity brings out the best in people sometimes. You wait till we lock down like wuhan then see how we react
You get an upvote! You get an upvote! Everybody gets an upvote!
There was one person who got arrested for smiley faces here so yeah I think he can. And then the g will prove he will
I remembered reading somewhere that in the Mormon church in the US, you have to pay tithe as a percentage of income. So every month they get a portion of your salary. I am thinking it is a similar model here.
I like the old guy expression 'so expensive!' So cute
If op is being unironic, he/she is purposely thinking of ways to be annoyed
Delicious is subjective. You have your opinion, I have mine.
Really? You live in Singapore and this is what you decide to protest? laughing my fucking ass off. You have a dictatorship that over-criminalizes everything, and often with cruel and unusual punishment.
Kids are jerks by nature. They do not have the emotional quotient to understand the other person. They will make fun of you even if your name sounded a little weird.
Not op but i think op was tryna state how the humans were obsessed with technology and big screens as seen ( http
I would agree that the story progression was about the same but it was still enjoyable to watch. It isnt as bad as some make it out to be.
Thank you. I wish you all the best too. Definitely not going through the route you are going! face with tears of joy smiling face with tear
The notorious job stress that you hear is mostly for the white collar jobs. Thankfully I am not in that. Nature is everything, for me anyways
Huge thanks to whoever was selfish enough to visit those karaoke lounges.
Low pay low interest low manpower low leaves + more working hours more quitters even more like leaves + even more working hours stupid Government by the way you guys want volunteer?
What people tend to call a dowry in Singapore is really a bride price. A dowry is actually the girl's inheritance, given when she gets married rather than when her father dies.
'my parents were abusive enough that by the time I left home at 15, I'd been waterboarded and had my fingers broken multiple times for minor infractions.' - what the fuck this is a horror movie plot!
I think that it sucks that random people can call you out in public if they think you are 'not being Muslim' enough.
No changes for workplaces obviously Under the new rules, no more than 50 per cent of employees who are able to work from home should be in the office at any one time, down from 75 per cent at present.
I wonder what's Happyland school. Also, curious what are you selling? Sounds like school uniform
I still feel someone would have something negative to say about the cancer jab
Obviously Mandatory Compulsory but OP wanted to push compulsory.
Thank you for posting your guide to moving out. The numbers and thought process are very helpful for someone like me who is still struggling to move out and be independent. All the best in life!
that is an apt way to put it. I only hope that things will improve.
On the contrary, you have achieved that rare feat of getting 500 upvotes on this comment in subreddit of singapore. Which shows you that there are many sane Singapore people here that fully concur with you.
Yea I noticed similar posting styles, languages and the similar kind of topics they usually like to hang out with
To be fair, it is not really racist. You cannot trust India or their numbers. Have you visited any of the Indian subs or seen seen the news? people are furious with Modi's Government.
Which leads to messed up metrics for the rest of the team. Makes your average worker look like a lazy slob.
the four P's of marketing - price - product - place - promotion everyone gets hung up on the last P. they forget marketing also has three more P's.
Congrats on your anecdotes. I also do not have a prize for you
If the person is vaxxed twice but unboosted, classify them as what?
Our CURRENT PM most famous words Singapore must not only protect its lunch but steal other people's lunches this Government reap what they sow
Edmw had notable CSI and expose cases. This brompton case, the IMDA Nisha case, all epic in their own right. Imho, the craziest one was getting a doc in Australia suspended.
GOOD LUCK! Release on Steam liao not at would like to support
If they went at full loggerheads with the police, they should have expected to get arrested. Even then, getting arrested sounds like it only drew more attention to their cause. Not sure how this will play out.
Apparently they scolded him after that http cannot deny he is a baller
Honestly same. Should have highlighted that part too, and to be honest almost every part since this whole thing is a red flag
I know, and their core belief is denying one party dominance rather than advocating better policies. that is why I find the closing speech unconvincing
Its fine, we are still managing fairly well. I just wish the system was more friendly to other structured families, but thanks for your concerns. red heart
that is some BS , if our pledge really was severely enforced, the Government and our people wouldnt have such a conservative mindset.
i do not recall the tissue seller cursing me saying i will go to hell for not buying their overprice tissue
Another year of the same shit, just when you thought it was getting better
Remember when Grab was considered a saviour against the overpriced , technologically--impaired, fuddy-duddy Comfort? How time flies.
The first rule of winning a lottery, is not telling people you won a lottery.
The recommended temperature for sleeping is 18 because, though a temperature which does not make you sweat is good enough.
Trained fighter ? I do not think so . he is improvising 100%
Concur on the food in SD, it is amazing! We are actually thinking whether to move to SD or up to Seattle in a few years because bay area is really too damn expensive.
Its actually cotton paper substrate, to be exact. Still paper
I do not think door games need to be so expensive. My friend's games were like, compose some poem about the bride, eat some hot sauce, and the angpao to get in was like $50.
The number of Singaporeans and businesses that appear in the Panama, Pandora and Paradise papers
parents' food court stall losing 3k a month since the previous heightened alert but they still trying to hang on and not fire any staff. kopitiam does not even give rebate or any discount hais how long can we last
So what time is the next train is coming? Thinking face
A bit late to the reply, but judging from the tree height and crown shape, this tree is probably not rain tree (Samanea saman) but rather Falcataria moluccana ( http
Yah wait until you call and the dude tell you 1.2k
holy shit this needs to be said here? damn is subreddit of Singapore people so stupid nowadays or they just take things at face value or maybe they think bootlicking Lee Hsien Loong and not my president can get them money
How you going to pay out the bond tho? I am also a healthcare worker on bond who's pretty much just gritting my teeth and waiting for the bond to end.
Stupid ass Government I am going to leave for the Antarctica and not come back. Bye waving hand light skin tone
This is what the current education system just does to us
wow knee to the head that is attempted murder right there?
here's the all lives matter guy trying to obfuscate and discredit OP's lived experiences.
disagreed on culturally. you are washing away what makes this country special
Fucking cancer company . Everybody please remember to leave them a review on google.
we're more backwards than India now. let that sink in, sinkies
Mang dem feels. Being the only grandson who did not make it into RI and only one who went to polytechnic, the level of snark I received growing up was unreal.
eye vulcan salute monkey the monke see if can get them to clean the windows
Yo what the fuck. This is like Singapore version of a school shooting. And this was just a few hours ago. What the fuck is wrong with people.
Churches can be very rich. They can even own the whole country (Vatican)
So rich yes? And by donation from what I am assuming to be a believer?
In a Singaporean context it is like if Gurmit Singh became PM and lead a credible defence against a foreign aggressor.
all i know is that your balls are bigger than the spider
is it the same minister who said no foreign worker asked her to apologize?
when your manager suddenly becomes your best friend after this
Anton Casey Fled to Perth after the fiasco. Same as the Malay wedding $50 Amy Cheong. Why these cowards all flee to Perth once shit hits the fan?
I think even if the money is good if you feel like shit everyday when you come to work it does not matter anymore
Ya so go to a gp/polyclinic to treat it. But regardless I think we should have more UCC/24h clinics so people do not have to go a&e for medical problems that happen outside office hours
I trained in martial arts for a bit. That guy knows what he is doing.
Condo Cleaners at work. This is the problem with Tenders awarding to the lowest bidder. Pay Peanuts, get Monkeys.
This is why I always say that if everyone worked in Retail for just 3 weeks, we will all be nicer to each other.
There are also some discord servers that has chatroom for people to video streaming their study sessions not going to lie, that sounds pretty awesome.
Remember do not go to JB and shout divide by 3 . Later kena hantam.
Something something why Barisan Socialis never took over something something already classless
just quit, sometime leaving then people will realise your importance
If you are talking about SIA itself then no, but SIA group definitely has changed
And surprised pikachu face when immigrants has to be relied on even basic essential jobs
What's with having 'balls to enforce'. Why you all talk like it is criminal or underhand way of doing
Why are they scolding him? We all want peace among worlds.
I own a f&b related store and this has ruined my day. We were just starting to recover from P2HA too. No choice but to soldier on
This was still used in BMT. Even they know the vid is outdated. Source was in BMT last month.
From what I can tell the strawberry generation are very sweet
They will simply move to another platform where they can make more money than grab. Or find another job. that is how the market works and it works out in the long run, in a sound economy.
Starting to sound like China when they complain about sanctions. Of course sanctions are unilateral. You can sanction other nations in retaliation, but it always starts unilaterally.
Wasnt the East India Company pretty scandalous in its own way to be honest?
it is quite common for spiders if I remember correctly. Either way spiders (from what I've seen about tarantulas) have a much shorter lifespan and normally die after mating
gets forced into NDP flips the bird on national TV refuses to elaborate further leaves
Live in the west and I did not feel a thing, what the fuck
Ritalin, concerta or startera, or suck thumb I doubt there'll be enough support for change to be made unfortunately, I am one of the latter
If I see PM Lee in FBO and a SAR21 I'll be thinking ' what the fuck wa he still can carry all that at that age ' more than anything else
I mean they do not have to be helping with the military stuffs. They can just be there to boast morale.
From your other posts, you do not have any medical condition preventing you from being vaccinated. So go get the jab if you care about others.
the bot also does not know when to apply emoji exclamation marks
There is dis old man playing Chinese New Year music on the bus at max volume and started to laugh at lianhua primary school name for some reason. He goes Lian Hua e
Same thing happened during severe acute respiratory syndrome. it is the stigma. Understandable that there is the stigma but just really hurts. For severe acute respiratory syndrome it was worse in the sense that it was highly deadly.
I cannot unsee it but he sounds like an educated Amos Yee
20% of a large number is more than 40% of a smaller number. Even 5% of a huge number is a lot of people. Percentages can be very misleading.
Respect for the fight she showed and not giving up. An inspiration to us!
i like the wedding Hello Kitty on top of the shelve.
Were the eggs sold by 1's or 5, not 6 or dozen?
All of this is from pasir ris park? Might have to give it a visit though I live in the west .
Daily reminder that this is something our very own PM said http
This is so entitled. Teachers are not just service providers to the kids.
national service Officer in civilian workplace Okay, whole office listen up. I tell 1x you all better OT no pay, fuck you understand?
, people sometimes go hero and think they know how to spell a name when its literally a name. Nothing to change except you type/write it the way the person gives it to you.
stirring ill sentiments against our Government again. What's new in subreddit of singapore
apparently this picture was taken in 2021 if I am not wrong
Of course you do not think there are much racism . you are probably Chinese. Are you also blaming other people coming in Singapore for the discord?
Yeah, talk to most people here and the answer is always but it is worse in XYZ . Ok but that does not negate racism in Singapore .
bystander effect that shit been debunked, and also, do not act like you would step in to help beyond just pressing the 'emergency button'.
Holy shit. Really ? that is lazy police work. Does it depend on the IO or the ground officer's judgement?
Great Britain hardcore. I am a sick boy and there is no cure.
thank you Sengkang! Thanks for voting worthy alternative voices into the parliament for all of us Singaporeans!
RI has always been rather meritocratic.hopefully it is still like this.
he is going to regret not getting medical help. Those knees to the head cannot be good for him.
You guys say it is cute and all that. I think it is more worrisome. animals that invade human property and consume human livestock do not usually continue to enjoy their existing freedoms.
Hmm really? I just bought vodka there a few weeks ago
Open leg policy and after people called out something bad going to happen. They all ignored Singaporeans until shit hits the fan.
I have stabilized the video for you http It took me 44.0 seconds to process. If you want to know how to summon me click here ( http
School Counsellors are useless from my experience. Need to find a Counsellor outside. They help tons more.
I am not on telegram and i do not want to get it just to put fear into a bunch of people who have no sense.
My social group consist of childcare teachers who are slowly giving up the industry one by one.
I wonder if this will translate to higher intake of energy drinks per capita? Any ideas?
When the scary thing about shooting an armed civilian is the amount of red tape and paper work to fill in unamused face
You meant to say HUAT or What? Like you are shocked?
It wasn't just about the price of the bikes. It was about the director's personal relationship with the tender winner
Singapore's schools open up for special needs students when a big shot family kid is of age to attend school.
This is like having someone hold a gun to your head and tell you not to worry because it is not loaded and they have no intention to pull the trigger
were there multiple Mr HDBs? I only remember that mr lim kim san used to have that title
Exactly why we have this strong stance. We cannot allow this kinda rhetoric and action to be normalised and go unpunished.
Malaysia's airforce is a pasar malam. Buy from anywhere and everywhere. maintenance must be fun.
Isn't waterboarding one of the torture methods at Guantanamo? and the police did not do anything?
It is indeed a bit of a kerfuffle in there.
Singapore isn't going to say shit about territorial integrity if the West is the one doing it with the US protecting us. Believing otherwise is pure stupidity
Not sure you even know what reality means if you live in a human construct.
OK, good luck when your country is underwater and you are begging to move to Indonesia or Malaysia with that racism
Agreed, especially when the boomers are the ones projecting and teaching the young to make comments about other's races
Get insurance and go private. Whatever that needs months will cut into a few weeks.
Difficult to compare Japan and Singapore, two completely different markets with completely different governing circumstances. I only wanted to point out a minor flaw in above commentor's argumentation.
it is the sheer volume of people. Small percentage of a large number of people is more in terms of volume when compared to a larger percentage of a smaller number of people.
Like a Continuously compounding growth rate? Hence where I got the idea of taking the natural log . I Might be wrong
The G would love that though. Nothing like some good old Western Liberal Values to use as a common enemy to galvanise the conservative and moderate segments of the local population together to root for Asian Values ie. People's Action Party.
It takes an optimist to procreate in this climate of calamity. Also do not see how millenials would view children as a potential retirement plan like Boomers have. Much riskier than other investments.
Some will say that Singaporeans are not hungry enough (for sleep).
Crikey. Are you by any chance related to the Steve?
Probably because Russia seems to be rushing to reestablish the Soviet bloc again with all their land grab this past decade
Yes I think Lee Hsien Loong would. His father built the country - he wouldn't want to destroy his dad's legacy. Halimah would prob follow whatever instructions given to her
Are you considering studying in America? Most people here do not really flex their education just their wealth .
do not know why you are getting downvoted here man. Thanks for sounding out.
Looks up to the Heavens Heeeeellllpppp. Could really use the assistance.
to be fair, it is only mahathir. even ismail sabri has been chill with us so far
This is the optimal way to present information in this format. people complaining about it are probably not educated in visual communications, .
well malaysia did help evacuate singaporeans when covid first started. same for singapore for malaysians
You do not have to feel sorry. it is still a job and there are honest salespeople who do not resort to dirty tactics. So the least you should do is decline respectfully yet FIRMLY.
I love my dark eye bags. When I retire, I may consider working in the zoo. As a panda.
This blatant racism is evident in my parents gen and above. The comments they make about indians are pretty fuck up. I will not let this continue to my children.
You can only outsmart him. Tell him hey! What's that behind you? When he looks back you run.
To the best of its abilities. When a citizen works/studies overseas it is a risk that they need to accept.
Never engage sales people if you do not intend to purchase.
What happened to that kid who called a politician by the real name?
that was political move by his father. same as how he made Loong learn russian because hedging bets during cold war
Fi-fucking-nally. Can we hold a referendum to suspend the unvaccinated from the next general elections?
May 21, vaccination for age group 80+ should have been fully available way before already no?
For a moment I thought this was one of the Ukraine videos
weeeeellll . In a way the are following instructions because the penalty of not doing so is to be killed by your own army
Ukraine is being supplied by 30 of the richest countries in the world. Putin just sent the 18 year olds so that Ukrainians have some target practice. What a good sport!
If Singapore gets firewalled from the world economy, Singapore days are counted.
Coming soon to Apple product line Boombox Air Boombox Pro and Boombox Mini
To be honest I do not think any of those parents can even browse Reddit to see this post
The key thing to translate, 'What we're trying to deny the People's Action Party is a blank cheque.'
Yes. It only takes one conservative AG to do this. It not a small chance.
'Majority of Indians have been voting for Gandhi and showering in Ganges' illiterate buffoon.
Not really a scandal, but it is funny how all sorts of hotels, hospitals, malls etc. are named after Stamford Raffles, but have nothing to do with Raffles himself and are owned by some random Singaporean companies.
He just shot himself in the foot for his elitist remarks. I wonder how will they spin this off
This is an Isekai, you see. The Tower transit bus is approaching off panel
51.1 seems low to be honest. If we include the commute, I think I am working about 65 hours a week, and I am neither the first one in or the last one out. I do not live especially far from the office either.
Just like this east coast plan that we have been hearing about since the election
Hi win liao, care to share why if we have female baby, then we can have an easy good life? Just curious on your perspective, because I have 2 daughters. D Thanks!
I think wedding is a test. If a girl refuses to marry you because you cannot afford a wedding, that is a red flag.
Also just got my 3060Ti. Not that bad I guess.
any proselytizing religion should be banned from doing so, in my opinion. most of these religious types should instead dedicate their time and effort into helping the less fortunate, instead of bothering normal regular folk going about their day.
My brother works in supermarket. He say no panic buying but got increase in crowd liao
what a ridiculous statement! everyone else sees millions of colours and here you are in black and white. eh you better go reserve N-day tickets now, May already!
China needs to condemn this invasion ASAP! Enough with propping up the evil Putin regime.
do not forget the Brunei dollar is on par with the Singapore dollar, meaning 1 Brunei dollar is the same as 1 Singapore dollar
Is this how we're going to live with the endemic?
it is a gift after I think collecting about $100 in donations? it is a film camera operated by gears (as in you have to scroll in the next film square) Flash battery powered.
that is not the point tho, this is a unique angle of an overdone subject
Government should set up a make-shift mall for the unvax - the only shop is a vaccination facility
A lotta religions in Singapore experience the same, but honestly? Muslims have it the hardest because Islam is tied so deeply into the Malay identity.
Strangely enough, yes. And is a lawyer. And I also have an unmarried younger sister who is a civil servant.
Videos of the incident should also be shared with the police, instead of being circulated on social media. I feel personally attacked.
Agreed 100 %. There is a very obvious answer right in front of us yet its hardly discussed.
Oh to be an otter stealing fish and swimming in condo pools
Our houses are also supposed to depreciate over time but people are pretending it does not. it is a ticking time bomb.
I once worked on a project with 2 space indentation. I did not like working on that project.
Next one probably will start to have solid mold inside
Strategic depth in the context of Singapore is carving out Johor up to Linggiu Reservoir to create a safe zone against further land invasion. This isn't some huge revelation it has been known for at least two decades ( http
Which is pretty funny considering Pulau Brani is going to be phased out as a seaport location in real life and they are moving everything to Tuas.
BEWAREEEE but seriously its so ironically on point that in this period of war and the threat of nuclear weapons, it is exactly what AOT warns against.
Next time you see a Storytel staff, ask them if they have heard of a fucking library. it is free.
The article stated there was a dispute between them. If the victim challenged the offender to a fight and lost it'd be a bitch move to call foul afterwards.
I mean, that is the same with Ukrainians & Russians. They both have families and ties with each other but still fight because of political reasons. The more important thing is to have strong bond over economics, military and politics.
I can attest to Singapore being advanced enough because we have our own custom modules onboard ( do not ask me how I know) but I wouldn't have imagined it being more advanced than USAF line aircraft.
Some old guy who wanted to make a crooked bridge and threaten Singapore's water supply. Used to have the influence to almost do that, but not anymore.
We should send our racists to Mississippi. See how they like being on the receiving end.
They had 1-2 years to prepare for a surge and they did nothing. Why should the citizenry suffer from Ministry of Health's lack of action.
time for listening ear to volunteer themselves to take one for the team
Damn, how's fire station food like anyway? (I realised no one really talks about food for those doing national service in the Home Team)
I see, sorry. There were a lot in subreddit of worldnews so I got too jumpy.
Yeah, I've been told by another guy with the same type of username below. going to just strike out that comment now.
I am pretty sure people that play video games would massively skew this data if they were added to the research pool.
Seems like a very knee jerk reaction without thinking through the implications
How do they taste compared to gyoza or Chinese dumplings?
No point. I already decided on having no kids 20 years ago.
I feel like Singaporeans have a tendency to shit on anybody in a store or serving role. In my home country any teenager actually going out there to earn some cash and experience would be praised.
And then your kid isn't booksmart and couldn't enter a Government university. So you tell him to pay for his own private degree. While you save your cpf money.
I did something similar last year. ( http Yours is a lot better though.
Yea. Not saying its not true but this post sure could use some verification
Ironic that you are the one judging them by assuming it is a waste of money. Wouldn't expect you to be aware of this though.
OI! how dare you, you take that back. actually, on second thought, send them all to my place )
But at least the AG has to announce it beforehand. cannot just change position and charge someone after the act has already been committed.
Even assuming that is right, you are acting like the whole thing is about that when it is really the smallest part of the story. As others have told you, have some empathy.
I agree, but let's also not forget that the benefit side of the cost-benefit analysis weighs heavier for countries that reasonably see themselves as possible future Ukraines.
Maybe God can send the food to this person's door? After all, they seem to think God is in the business of helping people do things they could easily have done for themselves.
that is good to hear. I could see the argument going either way, but I think Ministry of Health has struck the fairer balance here. Here is further confirmation http
Their dumplings are great and they're donating 10% of sales to Ukraine. Give them a try.
Heaven or Hell - the choice is yours to make.
do not disagree with what you are saying, just pointing out the current median income. Fully agree that it is not high enough when compared to current cost of living.
There was a background story shared by other poster, neither of those
Yes. You only see 33 confirmed cases. You did not see how many suspected cases being deployed, on top of the normal incident volume.
Kvass, a fermented cereal-based non-alcoholic or low alcoholic beverage. A good one smells and tastes like bread.
i hope moving forward, the majority race of Singapore, recognizes this behaviour of their fellow race and start a change in tbeir community
If your sexual preference could be influenced, you would be able to imagine being interested in someone of the same sex.
unfortunately the ministers only hear the good stuff from all the scholars and bootlickers on the ground.
Got vaccinated last week and raring to go back to the gym on Friday. Rip (((
First in line Russians calling out the Ukrainian Government for being neonazis.
it is terrible that you are being downvoted by people who have little direct knowledge of ground conditions in Wuhan/hubei.
See his face gong gong, suddenly a little bird fly out, I'll laugh, but I'll smack his head, funny little fook.
MFA has already issued a statement condemning Russia. Stop being a keyboard warrior and check your facts first.
on the basis of principles. , http We'll be singing a very different tune if USA is the one invading.
I just today learned the word afraid to lose . that is an example of a mother being afraid to lose, isn't it?
A better life choice there would be anytime fitness vs Katong Laksa /Chicken Curry Rice
This is really heartwarming, thanks for sharing. The different shades of blue go very well together.
Stop calling people prick and use my god damn brain? Maybe you need to use yours to see the statistics of india- Singapore flights
This is on the MRT Train is on the East West Line, not on the North South Line, Ding Dong, This Train Service Terminates At Pasir Ris MRT Station, Next Stop, EW 32 Tuas West Road.
Same I was also in national service in 2012. That is why I enjoyed the first movie.
maybe only the area from the first sign until the second sign is closed
i came into this thread and came out feeling like i'd read twenty threads worth of edmw.
Who is this country ? The Government? Who is you ? I've never felt like I am treated like a slave. Projecting much?
This. The Government might have a mixed-to-positive record on the handling of most aspects of the pandemic till date, but when it comes to the migrant workers, the performance deserves a straight F.
I will admit, the OG 'trilogy' was actually not bad. Or maybe because I was 10-12 when it came out.
Today I learnt that Yusof bin Ishak went to Victoria, and that is why it is on the back of the $2 notes.
hope my muslim mates will still get to celebrate safely!!
Not totalitarian. yet. Fascist with strong collusion between Government and corporations. I got pretty hammered for stating this in another thread.
We tried the carrot. (free jabs, plentiful supply, various venus, standardised procedures + various private rewards for getting the jab). Now is time to do what people complain we like to do and bring out the Rotan.
Mima chan Mima chan. Then he kept pronouncing our athlete, You Mong You. Come on.
Well considering that we are surrounded by countries that have had and still have military dictatorships (Thailand, Indo, Myanmar), best not to let the generals stay too long in the military and get any funny ideas.
This Elson Lee is candidate for douchebag of the year.
Yeap. Just like the first CB kept extending, I think restrictions are going to be extended
We have cowards for political leaders who'd rather keep quiet and pray the wind blows over than comment on this issue. Well, we already know their stance on this issue. Not surprising at all.
I hope all is well! All the best in your new job!
So any form of entertainment that you pay for is a waste of money? cool.
wow, Sandara!! I used to follow you on DeviantArt when I was younger D Awesome to see you and your art on the Singapore subreddit.
No from a normal neighbourhood school you mean it is not everyone that needs to do it?!
Considering Chan Chun Sing' former position in the SAF perhaps he might stay and command even?
We cannot see stars at night. Laughs in free stargazing at Tekong
just tried the zig app! not bad indeed, not paid to promote
should try CDG's new lifestyle app too called zig got unlimited $3 off promo code, clean user experience/ user interface with rides, eat/drink and deals combined not paid to promote
Why do not just make the tenant let a professional come in and deep clean the place, just like Australia. It will solve many issues to be honest.
Anytime fitness at Djitsun Mall used to give me discount at Texas chicken just down stair
What about singaporeans that are working there and need to come home? You going to deny them that?
Yup. To us being a Chinese means Chinese is my race. To China, Chinese means they're from China.
Yah end up it feels like an extortion from family members smiling face with tear
do not mind sharing some of those signs? Will help if I see some of those on my feeds
Ridiculous to hate on them for fuck's sake For those who are Chinese, do you feel good when others associate you with what China did?
Not the same thing. India is dominated by hinduism and other dharmic religions which do not oppose homosexuality. Singapore's main religious groups are Abrahamic which prohibit homosexuality.
Somebody should remove the Crash Test Dummies song from the playlist.
Oh no, why would you download an unknown app on your phone and even sign up? You have no idea what the app is and you may have given them access to all of your personal information!
I guide others to a treasure I cannot possess. - Ng Chee Meng
did not see any little green men figurines in the shop.
Oh. I like Red Scopion more than Rocky. Damm, for you (and I) to know who is LT. Radchenko, we just revealed our age group
You have to search for Lieutenant Radchenko instead of just Radchenko to get what these 2 old foggies are saying.
Doubt so. The last demographics survey suggests that 80% of subreddit of Singapore are Singaporeans. The survey is old, but from general sensing of the sub, proportion of Singaporeans should have increased http
Fighting against racism and police brutality, and fighting for equal rights for LGBTQ+ people is a waste of time to you? Workers' rights? Fair pay? Affordable healthcare?
After taxes left how much? Might have to update the figure accordingly edit Ty for enlightening me that no tax on lottery winnings frans now I am prepared for next draw
Or go gym first, then you'll be more hungry afterward and the food will taste better.
You see OP, everyone in Singapore is equal. it is just that some are more equal than others.
This sounds like a cut scene from a video game
Actually why ? Most of them from other countries seem to be quite humble ( I am talking about immigrants from all countries). They seem to be hardworking and humble to be honest
This is a direct threat to life the knife may cause death. Based on risk assessment, it is justifiable to use firearms.
Sir stop s- Extremely fast slash Unker omae wa.mou shindeiru
This is priceless. Their sister app, Zig, has an unlimited $3 discount on all CDG taxis also.
Amazing. Singapore is a shining beacon of traditional culture and values in these times of depravity and corruption.
We need to spam subreddit of indonesia and ensure this goes to hot there
Well as an citizen of India we totally agree with him.
i love this youtube channel, everyone seems so pure and happy and curious, and i learn so many cool fun facts too! it is awesome seeing what's normal to you from someone else's point of view
A section for a minimal checklist on what to ask during viewing would be great.
Actually a valid point. Our country is designed as a springboard so Singaporeans can jump to any country with relative ease.
I basically follow the multiply by 25 rule ( http for retirement. Maybe 30 if I am pessimistic about the future.
Let's not be dickheads ok people? that is an American trait, we do not do that here.
The graphs are proportional no? If there is no diff to vaxx and unvaxx, proportion of cases in 80+ in vaxx would be 20% instead of 3%
good job mengyu!!! I am so proud of her!!i hope she recovers from her injury soon
it is ok to be rude to people who aren't polite to you by doing hard selling.
I had to google Panda politics. Was surprised it was even a thing.
Yeah hence no shame and no morals and you can put bling on your Facebook
this makes me think of military wives who think their husband's rank is their rank too
i do not think they are going to be peaceful with russia anymore.
In the US, you can kick your kids out of the house at 18. Not so much here in Asia.
you are comment history is full of xenophobia. I bet you'd cry to your mommy if someone said something bad about China.
Be smart and put numero uno first. do not throw away your life for politicians who put their own agenda first.
it is always cool to see people just stand and watch
I'll be too dead to bother about them. I am from the old school FH2000 artillery battery, and in this modern age artillery is the first one to get targeted and die rather than the infantry.
Joining the bandwagon after it is safe to declare a side.
Just note that the European nations/US declared sanctions etc first before we decided to.
Oh man that is cheap. Starts to consider the possibility of saving enough then retiring to Russia.
That is as likely to happen as Xi voluntarily stepping down from power.
Tho if casual sex and public nudity becomes commonplace, those will no longer be enticing, and I guess abstinence/celibacy and wearing concealing clothing will be the new deviant sexual behaviour.
There is an answer. it is just an answer that the G does not want to accept.
There is no hooha if the foreigners have merits over the local. The issue arises when there is unfair hiring because they from the same village or whatsoever or a fake degree/ compared to a local with more merits.
Hard truth Passion is a dirty word which is used by employers and people with power in Singapore to milk people of their labour. Happens all the time to artists, entrepreneurs, etc
When you are going through so much pain (considering suicide), the logical frontal lobe isn't really functioning at much capacity
This reminds me of that one episode in Girl from Nowhere.
And humane working hours. No amount of money justifies sleep deprivation, clocking 24 hour-days or having all leave cancelled. Employment is not a synonym for indentured servitude.
Those screaming for restrictions to be lifted are supporters of healthcare worker until it infringes their own convenience and whims.
Funny how they refuse to just lockdown and decide to implement half fucked measures. Then waste time and money if shit hits the fence again and they decide to lockdown after that.
Yes, some stores may even not hire him because of his appearance
Lee Hsien Loong was the youngest BG in history. The greatest warrior since Alexander the Great. He should be inserted in Kiev asap to turn the tide of battle
As someone who has been caned before, I do not really see how people are just OK with it and laugh it off. it is borderline if not literally child abuse that can mentally scar someone for life.
Russian army general got the wrong coordinates for the missile launch
How else for SAF officers to pad their resume before they get shoehorn into statboards
Need help just say, do not understand this word salad game. Volunteer?
Did you see what happened to the last opposition party that made statements in parliament?
Leave it to Vivian to point out the obvious. ACSI lousy school.
I guess WP really did not have anyone who was up to par this election for the Mandarin debate. http
At least you have the fucking balls to say it.
Eh a few hundred years ago the French people got a bit unhappy with their king and then some things happened.
you do realise Singapore's defence doctrine is essentially to bomb first right
it is more about the prosecutorial policy, not so much the police enforcement. Police catch you, public prosecutor may still decide not to prosecute.
Fuck you. My friend is there for his father's funeral rites you racist PoS
Feels bad man. Hope things get better for you man (
to be honest this is what I am lowkey afraid of too. I hope this won't spark more incidents like this in the future.
I suppose the problem is that with schools being discriminatory toward transgenders and homosexuals, the intolerance won't easily die out with the boomers.
Crap did not feel a thing. I am still in bed face without mouth
This is just the most correct answer but not that interesting
? VB is definitely in the wrong here but this is such a stupid insult . it is 2021 get over the fragile masculinity
it is kind of a coin flip and the deck is stacked. If you are rich and Chinese and the baby is female then they're going to have an easy good life. that is just the way it do be as a Singaporean.
Well. You choose to have a kid to love n care for something, you do not choose to have a kid to be your atm when you grow old. (fuck you boomers) Just get a dog. They're amazing n life changing
Leaders that is easy! We solve it by making what's popular, right! Sanity is statistical folks
do not think this is exclusive to muslim. we can change some of OP's words from muslim to ' because stian' and the entire story will be the same and common.
indeed, it looks like rendered in Unreal engine 5.bring' them the nanites and lumens!
You do not be a CB and make his mama sad.
As long as 377A exists, the issue of civil unions/marriage cannot even begin to be addressed.
The funny thing is, yes life may suck if annexed by another nation. But it is the leadership that they want to replace, not the citizenry. Is it worth throwing away your life for, not a country, but a regime?
Sounds good but I doubt you would manage to come up with this spontaneously when the situation arises.
Yeah how many covid deaths in Singapore since the start? And nearly 60k had it already (1% of the population!)
Pm do not wanna blame them on TV ma. I am sure in private they are like fuck these guys, must be illiterate cannot read evidence.
people already forgot nightlife was even a thing in this country too
Mine is north and usually empty. Woodlands. But not near MRT stations
The En Bloc sale failed last year brother - barely got 25% support. Mall isn't going anywhere for a while.
Are you implying that vaccines make you immortal? What a sheep, not even the vaccine companies claim that. I am being sarcastic
So what are they calling this? The Totally Not Circuit Breaker ?
Tell that to the self entitled people who come in. I FAINT THEN HOW, WHO RESPONSIBLE. The more you explain, the more tired you get. Easiest answer for the hospital is, ok admit you.
Errr . ever seen a stock price chart? You really think a stock chart showing Berkshire's $475,879 share price from $0 is useful in analysing it is price movement?
I would love to see rental being normalised. Need to see higher demand and rent for my properties )
Isn't that what everyone is doing? But if I go with your easy rule , then shouldn't we stop drug enforcement? Addicts can go do whatever they want as long as they keep to themselves right?
Oh yeah . and all clinical thermometers are designed to be misleading because they measure only up to 42 because. How dare it not show up to 100 because and making my fever looks artificially inflated!!!
peks punching each other in coffee shops over their psle results
I remembered a time when like clockwork CDG would always increase their fares. And the worst is after they increase, the rest of the cab companies would follow suit.
nah i did not feel a thing here in sengkang, where you stay?
As in they did not do it earlier due to a lack of courage, if you prefer formal language my sir.
alot of alt accounts have been banned or faded over time though a bunch still pop up here and there
I think can let them return with 1 month quarantine and have a separate passage in the airport for them, if there are costs associated with this, charge the passengers.
It just signals a lack of critical thinking and individualism.
it is very inspiring and brave, but I personally think he had a way to get a better outcome for his people, even if his people did not want that outcome.
to be honest it does not get any easier, there's always some bigger target. He just went to a local university. did not even go for exchange.let alone a masters from oxbridge/ivy league .
Is that not a good thing? It will make people hate Russia even more.
Encouraging heterosexuality and the nuclear family / homophobia Like how you can promote the culture of your own race without being racist towards others
I was in a Singapore Bride forum. You won't believe the number of girls who thinks brand quality. A few ks for a basic design silver plated ring just because it is Tiff & Co.
brother 10 is plenty enough to know swear words and gestures liao . With the advent of Internet, I am pretty sure the age at which they get unintentional sex education is getting lower also
it is quite sweet really, even if it is equally useful as a gotcha to the proselytising that have no idea
gdp tied to salary and it only goes up 9 out of 10 times. so pump it up!
in before a certain salty as fuck redditor starts bitching about us complaining that Mothership/ sgag is stealing this content.
seriously need to consider conscripting female citizen to serve national service. fuck no. please cancel national service entirely and stop using us as cheap labor.
I do not get it. If someone is talking rubbish then we should call him out. But if the is a minister then we need to use respectfully multiple times in 1 message? fuck no. rubbish is rubbish.
Brb buying popcorn and checking in on a few telegram groups.
And if you waited even longer, TRAIN will show up next And then And then And then And then And then it when back to MRT again and TRAIN again.
I think I like both the 1994 and the 2019 verson.
Spider Monkeys both from 2 Ben 10 Shows, Ben 10 Number 1 and Ben 10 Number 2.
cause there is no reason to invade. Why would singapore or malaysia invade each other? Both are democracies and neither want the other populace in their own voting base.
I do not think Malaysia would want Singapore, given its separation with Singapore before. Chinese would be more likely, since china wants every chinese to be in its sphere of influence. Russia is too far.
The dangerous ones are those that gave the hate speech. They are no different from Putin. Same character but just on the other side. Singapore is a multiracial society. Any tear in our social fabric and we will be destroyed.
I do not know man, killing 80% of the world and getting away with it, is not a very anti-war message.
military doctrines aside, attacking another country first is a clear act of aggression, unless there is a declaration of war(which lets be real, no country would call it that, just look at putin's special military operation )
political context is more important I think. Why invade at all?
look at all the young 19-20 yr old conscripted russian PoWs, do not know where theyre going, just keep moving forward. no information, just keep pushing. a famillar story for people here
TikTok feels random to me. Through I imagine the algorithm, shows you want you want to see, so its an easier echo chamber,
I am addicted to zefir. Good shit. Is marshmallow made out of apples. The fuckin best
The retention of Section 377A served to accommodate the views of the more conservative segments of society What happens to doing what is right rather than what is popular?
Hmm. This is ridiculous. How can I climb so many stairs from Level-2 (obviously my first stop)
I thought Spectrum is the more talked about of the 2?
I would take a differing stance. Precisely 82% liao can enact such measures to further increase the numbers, because the majority won't be affected and screw with the votes.
Murder cases take a long time because of the evidence needed. Considering the implication of a guilty verdict it is not an investigation you want done half- fucked.
This reminded me of a book published by the Catholic Church Science division or something would you baptize an alien? The conclusion is only if the alien ask for it.
Yes. we have to protect ourselves, cannot rely on others
it is a gunshot as it quite loud and can be heard inside the car
Maybe the doctor is just worried that he/she will spread the disease to their loved ones.
The story is so touching that I want to cry. crying face
Or slowly gentrify the area with affluent voters likely to lean People's Action Party like they did with Potong Pasir in 2011. Flipped the ward with 114 votes lead.
there are some crazy accounts in this sub that simply trade issues are justifiable pretense for an invasion upwards, these morons just want to lay back and watch kids die
I think better out of this topic. Take care and enjoy! Old and new generations gaps.
this place is dependent on them and everyone makes alot of money off each other and we're not even talking about the familial ties. asean has really dropped the ball when most of the world is growing closer together
And yet you rather Government spend money when commercial airlines are taking on the monetary risk of operating currently
Has it occured to you that not everyone can come back at will? Do you have any idea how hard it is to organise a single time slot for everyone who needs to come back?
There were no charter flights what charter flights? Only option to get back were the Indian airlines for many Singaporeans because India banned other countries from flying.
Who's going to pay for these flights? How many people can you coordinate to get on a flight? Government use coffers you say waste. Ask those flying back also not everyone can afford
Please do not give People's Action Party a free vote just because the opposition is not WP. Compare what the new MP could bring to the table versus another new People's Action Party MP.
I like pirozhki, I was meeting a friend there because it was her idea
On the left I read as anjing. Am I normal?
I feel like every generation says their generation sucks, even though the data shows progress with each successive generation. Thank goodness this generation has Our World In Data to debunk Malthusian beliefs.
Karma comes early. Yeah. cannot express my happiness more when I see People's Action Party loses . mandate given to People's Action Party? pui! You got no mandate with such losses across the board
Drinking water through your nose isn't criminalised. End of story
Thank God for the mountain of empirical evidence that being shitty to LGBT students has saved the birth rate.
I am actly surprised that the same residency requirement found in the MY- Singapore PCA does not apply to all LTP holders here. No wonder we're cleaning their shit now.
As an atheist i stop them before they talk to me because it will only lead to argument, and i tell them I am freethinker to be polite
Can anyone think of increasingly inconvenient restrictions for the unvaccinated? Wrong answers only.
Go work as a domestic worker and see the wonderful benefits.
it is 'Ukraine' and not 'the Ukraine' Merriam-Webster ( http BBC Styleguide ( http (Beep boop I am a bot)
Just ignore them. You do not have to be polite. They will pester you if you respond to them. You are their prey. No reason to be nice to them when they are just after your money and targeting even students.
Another week. Another thread about how OP cannot fucking say a two letter word NO to a complete stranger. What do they teach in schools these days
Someone start an online petition to stop the ndp parade and divert funds to relieve f&b owners
all the best! if you are looking for a 1 bed 1 bath, there was a place we were looking at that was ok with cats which we passed on. you can pm me
the poor kid who discovered the body though ( if it was a kid that found it). probably traumatized for life especially if it was a friend or if they discover they knew the murderer on a close basis
struggles not to make remarks about their currency being small
nah i do not mind. Canon 6D w 16-35 f/4 IS or i might have even shot this with my 50mm sigma art, not too sure
If someone faint in the MRT it is also a legitimate reason to press the emergency button.
it is definitely believable that they had good intentions, then the success went into their heads.
Sounds no different than Sweden. Wanna buy a house, get in dept for 25 years. Sure we have governmentally granted retirement plans, but they are so low you have to live on dog food.
These are future doctors we're talking about. it is expected for the typical office worker to behave like that, but definitely not doctors.
Brings hope to all of us service medics out there!
Me too. Nonetheless, its what you imagine is what makes it funnier for urself
Cmon la, even the MPs and the rich ones in Singapore all run road liao
If I live nearby I can cyka cyka go in look see anytime.
This is actually a pretty accurate list of reasons that Government would cite. Bunch of things that won't move the needle much
I always wondered why we had so many former generals in parliament.
Hand up, palm out, shake head, no, and keep on walking. There is absolutely nothing being hawked outside an MRT that is worth either your time or your money.
Take home of $2800 at 21? that is amazing! Great job. Which industry is this if you do not mind?
I wish people would stop asking for the screenshot to be sent to them via PM. It really isn't the point at all.
Even if people had grown old, it does not mean they have outgrown their nasty behaviour cultivated when they were young. Age is really just a number, maturity is shaped by life experiences and perspectives.
Problem is that SERS is still around and VERS is coming soon. So a lot of ambiguity there.
The US has guns so sometimes a whole clip might be necessary
This is like asking Government to ban FT which they won't do because this is where money come in. You must be surprise how many India programmers in Singapore out there.
My two bedroom apartment in downtown Oakland (1h+ to SV in rush) now does for $3,000 usd (4100 sgd) per month.
why are there so little books / worksheets on the table /
exactly, big upz to Mr Huang for rushing over though. if my daughter texted me something like that I'd drop everything to head over too. absolutely terrifying shit
Having fun with all the people commenting thinking reddit is only used by Americans
Not doing your due diligence might lead to negative consequences? Who knew!
I am pretty sure it is born. Women are very attractive, great listeners and make great partners. However I do not feel any sexual attraction to them. I do not see them in a sexual manner.
India does have much beef in fact its one if the largest exporters of beef I think
Those Grab Delivery fees are getting much more expensive these days especially with greater demand for food. it is no longer even worth buying food for one or two people with that kind of delivery fees Grab charges these days.
Know your consumer rights, and inform the bank you are coerced into it. I do not think coercion works as a dispute reason, and the cardholder needs to get it right the first time.
Kids can be influenced by more than their parents immediate and distant relatives, their classmates with shitty parents, or just overhearing racist satire on TV/other media and thinking that it is worth emulating.
Singapore dug its own grave by trying to run the public healthcare system as lean as they could.
To be fair, People's Action Party somehow slipped the amendments to be qualified as a president candidate ( http under everyone's nose, so they've put up quite a few hurdles to prevent Tan Cheng Bock from even contesting for the presidency.
this is extremely confusing. This law cannot be challenged, because the AG himself says that it is such a bad law that it cannot be enforced!
My ICT was cancelled in the last P2HA. So it is quite possible.
it is really how much pattern the tenant can chu. Got one dw pay last month say got deposit la etc. it is quite mafan and tiring to be honest.
to be honest, litigation really benefit tenants over landlord, which is why landlord really want it to be as hassle free as possible. Its almost impossible to get back any money beyond confiscating the deposit.
Yep if I am a single female, I won't be comfortable with a guy walking around too. Esp a male stranger.
they call it sexual education in the first two words
yes. I slept SO much when I was living in New Zealand
Was walking home yesterday & saw the public buses super packed. disappointed face no social distancing whatsoever
From another article, looks like no, but capacity will be decreased http
felt it at my office, there was just an M6.2 earthquake in North Sumatra
Press B to stop evolving. Oops, this is a mobile game, not a console game.
Sorry I do not quite get your question, brain not working properly now. Are you saying that the general public opinion shouldn't be taken into account over medically proven studies/data?
Sengkang here, thought I am low blood pressure , . Then hear my kitchen glass panel door swinging
There was one a couple of years ago at Tanjong Katong but it is since closed down (
Just a casual labour. We conduct hall checks every 30mins which is why I am able to see some parts of the movie every so often
http Budget 2022 debate Call to explore hydrogen, nuclear power to diversify Singapore's energy mix Akan datang?
Love booking through Comfort. WAY more reliable. Always accept bookings. Never cancel. And I love supporting the Uncles. 100% support this.
Again, there's nothing wrong with calling a dance weird if the dance itself is the object of criticism. If ops race is why they called it weird, then it is racism.
Isn't it pretty obvious why? How much negative PR are they going to get if that happens
Whether or not it is right is a seperate issue. I would be a massive asshole if I insulted your dance in front of you, but it isn't necessarily racially charged.
Anyone know why Workers' Party did not send anyone for the mandarin debate?
beep. boop. I am a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos! Downloadable video link ( http I also work with links sent by PM Info ( http
damn, i hope you enjoyed the chlorinated water with a little touch of pee
Deceased and killer do not know each other This is the scariest part what the fuck. The killer chose his victim randomly?
do not think anyone would be drinking chlorinated water in the first place
I do not know why but children doing adult-attributed things, are funny to me.
just remember to be civil to them, they are just doing their job. you can say no and walk on or if I am in a bad mood, I just be extra agreeable to lead them on but i keep walking.
Knowing the attitude of locals, I think we will really self sabo first because we screw up while maintaining the power plant and Singapore no more thanks to nuclear disaster clown face
So, how many religions in the world are closely tied to the race? The other one I can think of is Judaism which is the religion of the Jews.
Classic People's Action Party own goal. Leong Mun Wai performance yesterday wasn't that good actually. If he had keep his mouth shut, all the attention would have gone to him and his EP proposal.
The problem is they are allowed to return and testing is not mandatory. Australia bans all entry regardless of citizen or not.
What kind of life do you think the rest of the world have? Live in a mansion filled with unicorns and mermaids, not having to work a day in their life? Life is what you make of it. Get one.
When she was speaking the YouTube channel chat was like who this pleb wheres Jamus , such a shame because I thought she was v charming with her smile and optimism ,)
As long as you are not standing, it is good enough to them. OCS , SCS especially, literally no sleep.
I mean, there are few enough people in the train for those who are actually there to infer that there's a very low chance that someone else will call for help. I.e., the bystander effect is no good excuse here
PROJECT Phase 1.5 Circuit CB Lite Breaker Lite Prestige Gold Edition X
Accepting racism as the norm is idiotic. Are you suggesting we make no progress on racial issues?
Thank you for donating to my Golden Tap - T.T My salary peanuts Durai
He talks as if a small country like Singapore has the luxury of choice to not be a pawn, how'd he get his doctorate?
It is unfortunately Girls Go Army, Part 2. http
do not most kids take care of their parents until they pass anymore? Thought that was something Chinese people mostly practice.
yeah i scrolled past the gaping butthole. my karma for laughing at them i guess gg.
you really do not want to keep on working like that after you passed your mid 30s.
Must go try bublik. Singapore russian grocer on Sam Leong Road, the selection of products is better!
Anybody read Fujimoto's new oneshot look back yesterday? This is so freaky what the fuck. the timing and everything. One hell of a coincidence.
Kids are not very vulnerable. Data from large scale studies show in uk show they are less vulnerable than people in their 20s who are vaccinated so hope they are not banned.
Right about the coach fee. I am paying $87/month for membership, 1 yr contract. They always seem to have monthly deals, so I doubt you'll ever get a full 100/month membership.
Well, the hospital was the site of a massacre of war wounded, doctors and nurses by Japanese forces. I do not believe in ghosts, but the old building and the history do not help.
Yes on both counts. I used to be at Fitness First. Prefer this place - no high-pressure selling. Just enough stuff for basic fitness and weight training.
Nearly half (45%) of African Americans experienced racial discrimination when trying to rent an apartment or buy a home. http
I understand that elite schools exist to separate children of different levels of intelligence Mostly just to separate rich kids from the not so rich ones, in most of the world.
Ronaldinho looks Javanese brother . Many Latin Americans and South East Asians share similar looks.
The guy is also committing a crime assault and battery.
Very true. But then again some religions are more forgiving than others. I came from a dual religion family so they were pretty chill when i declared myself atheist.
Will this be sold on steam? May get it to support local
12. Little India Riots 2013 - Inability of Police to handle, CNB investigates Police failure They blamed this purely on the consumption of alcohol
I. I walked around the exterior of Building 4. I think there's graphite on the ground, in the rubble.
Most of South East Asia has always been a punching bag for this planet. Neither united, nor viable in any contribution to the world. We're just a dumping ground for tourists and are geographically lucky in terms of maritime trade.
How are you doing now mate? Just curious . I hope you are a toy collector too!
back then they ask me to give 10% of my salary to the church. Scums
still owned by PA and use by grassroot. WP n other Oppo MP cannot use.
Ask them to prayer a little less hard. Singapore is hot enough
Ohh ic, sorry this is my first year caring about politics
It isn't always bullying. Sometimes, some people are just wired differently. Kobe child murders was done by a 14 year old kid, who mutilated the victims and left their heads in front of school.
Must show my sengkang kakis this. THIS IS THE KIND OF STUFF WE NEED IN PARLIAMENT. Not another paper general who is a yes man in parliament. Vote right
I was thinking about doing this. This should be documented
This is just the boomer side of things. On tiktok it is just wild.
Gina, plis use ang moh accent to make them poh your lampah. Your England more powder than them, they Lau kui have to be nice because you more elitist than them. Liddat they no words to chut pattern.
The US has rather hardcore income inequality though. It really isn't the place to go if egalitarianism is your thing.
They are authorised to go one-up on the assailant as far as i know. If someone's coming at them with a knife they're not going to take their chances with a taser/baton
i think they know that doing it will get arrested. They want to show how committed are they to the message and rather get arrested than not getting their message across.
eh to be honest i havent been looking , but i guess the bottom has to come at some point (or does it.)
I wouldn't go so far as a stain on democracy . But it is a bad look to mock oppo so openly and gossipy
that is part of my life plan!! Or a cat (or both)!
If you have or are planning to start a family renting a home is far more expensive in the long run + unstable. If you are young, sngle and financially stable then its great.
It never was , it could only work based on the assumption that virus could use ez link to board public transport.
I work in the f&b industry and the revenue fell by 90% during the last lockdown. it is absolutely terrible
My ac always between 23-25, i find this a sweet spot between freezing hell and sahara.
5 meters night time firing. ( cannot remember the exact distance). 5 rounds no time limit. Firers. WATCH. YOUR. FRONT.
I am prepared for the China bots downvote. China is just Northern Yishun!
Same as how every political party has likeable MPs and MPs who just outright shouldn't be on camera at any one time.
The leadership shapes the country. How do you miss that crucial fact? Who do you think they will replace the leadership with?
Hmm, I actually think the care standards, doctor expertise, wait times are quite good compared to SGH. I guess my point was more to point out the lack of empathy more than anything.
Also correction 16 recruits are in each bunk basically living normally with each other, surprised nobody as contracted covid yet. Army has been lucky so far.
Disturbing to note that no one is actually helping out. those are moves aim to kill for crying out loud.
The chief of army probably scratching his head thinking what to do now, hope I do not have to book in D
Scenes on Monday when your boss has this printed out to show to everyone. How the turntables.
This is what I came to say. Sounds exactly like any other country.
same response as my boss when I ask for leave
I am down for that sounds like a good idea
If it is truly an emergency case you'd be seen immediately. Otherwise wait long long. +1 for speaking the truth.
Rising the monkey power. Just a precursor before the attack
This was in my opinion a very bad decision. We know that Singapore will never treat it as endemic even though people who want can get vaccinated.
yes, I mean the unspoken part is that from what I've seen of the game so far it definitely looks promising and I am a fan of ARPGs. All the best!
Not just tik tok. Facebook and WhatsApp misinfo is rampant. Whatever happened to the generation of do not trust what you read online .
Yeah neither will Lee Hsien Loong. he is 70 years old, hard to imagine he can even carry a field pack.
Tell them you are very impressed with their product but you need to get approval from higher up (wife, girlfriend or mother) or you will be dealt with very cruelly.
Just curious. Which era and where, is your idea of a good time and place to have baby ?
Race as well. Condos are easy as long as you have money but if you stay in HDB or with your landlord then you may encounter issues. If you smoke do not bother with HDBs.
Not limit to only Singapore. Anywhere. Where is a good place ?
If you are under 50 and have no comorbidities, you have no excuse to not get vaccinated.
Yes agreed. And then they began wondering why the younger generation are straying away from the religion when their educational approach and the holier than thou attitude is the contributing source of the problem itself
How about beware the leader that surrounds themselves with sycophants and yes-men?
Obviously yes. To get checked only by saf doctor. Because recruits/nsfs are sub human I am being sarcastic
Not a circuit breaker . The term for 2021 is measures .
My comment is not only targeted at those in power, but also the citizens who still thinks homosexuality will harm the society. And there are a lot of them. Even on reddit.
brother which alternate reality you living in, i want in. you are basically living proof of Nothing is going on and nothing to see here.
For anyone curious to visit, address is at 272 River Valley Road, Singapore 238315 ( http Nearest MRT stations are at Dhoby Gaunt (CC1/NE6/NS24) and Fort Canning (DT20). May pay a visit someday.
No one screamming for help? At least the person might get intimidated by the crowd and help screamming
waiting for an inactivated virus option and then waiting for a response after registering interest and still need to queue for their turn to book slots
Bringing an axe and using it is a whole different league. it is a maiming weapon, to hack through skin and bone. Unlike a knife which can slash. I am beyond shocked at this astonished face
I mean, he is a white man in Asia. he is like the highest tiered human by default next to the elites of the ruling party.
Ya tats why they emphasized a lot on the old people getting vax first. Even vaxxed old people are dying a lot more compared to other age groups.
Here is a law, It is ok, because we wont enforce it, Here is a judge, He is gay, and his name reads oon see kay
I got everything to gain and nothing to lose, will do this! I work in a KBBQ restaurant and every customer so far is nice, waiting for that one sohai auntie to talk shit
Fine by me. If you can move then good for you i wish you the best. Just do not come back alright?
Sanders must be rolling in his grave. He was the proud creator of the best selling fried chicken in the world. Now he is just a husbando.
Or die from radiation poisoning a week after some guy in a long coat accidentally taps you with an umbrella.
brother.it seems like you are completely missing the point of this post.
oh my god damn nice!! Can I shoot with you next time please
Minister Gan left healthcare worker on 2 blue ticks then replying noted 2 days later.
Because it is really hard work to nurture another good character people. it is takes significant time and effort.
Dm me on ig yongyichuaaa i'll give you full res
hey i like your photo!! Its soft yet contrasty
I agree we can only speculate for now. There are many possibilities but I doubt that the full details of the case will be released to the public after investigations are done.
So I must be doing it wrongly this whole time, treating other people like people
this amazing thing called Lightroom which has a function dehaze which helps a lil
you actually went to look at that chunk of link! Kudos to you
if you did not tell me i wouldnt have known . thanks dude
thank you!! i did not expect this post to blow up and now I am super touched (shameless promotion but check me out yongyichuaaa on instagram )
Which is pretty crazy . I am about to hit the top post in subreddit of singapore as well
with the sanctions kicking in how are they going to honour the warranty and tech support liao?
We should be nice to anyone and everyone in general. But that is a feat too difficult for the average singaporean to comprehend.
Is this what happens when Redditors go outside? Making every small thing into something big? The other day I was at the coffeeshop and someone tried to sell me tissue packets, is this the quiet struggle frugalists face?
Which isn't the point but sure, continue living in your alternate reality where everything is perfect.
The question is, how did they even get in there in the first place?
It actually isn't though. Proselytising is legal, I do not like it but it is allowed.
the man is made of steel, this is child's play for him hehe
No. But assuming Singapore is still invested in this poisoned shrimp policy, I am pretty sure our politicans would have invested in some form of 'mutually assured destruction' deterrence.
Because in Singapore Inc there are workers who vote and workers who do not
A point that is always valid and cannot be denied
We must never lose the ability to look after ourselves- Let's Trace Together properly even when you are hiding in the bomb shelter in the event an aerial raid strikes !
Well yeah. You are free to defend if you want. Just do not make the rest of us do it.
Slept through it. did not even know till I saw the news in my phone notification when I woke up.
No need to go so far. There's plenty of racism in online games.
I do not know why I feel so betrayed by Grab. They were the good guys. Somehow ironic their roles are switched now.
it is written in SAF policy. I am not sure about SPF tho. However this may have been a judgment call by the cop if he felt his life was in danger
in my opinion, the first one wasnt even that great. the best army related show in Singapore still goes to army daze.
Lower probability of hitting someone that a straight on shot
Vivian is one to talk, at least LMW's verbal diarrhoea did not cost the country $200m.
Frankly, after I Not Stupid (which was pretty early in his filmmaking career), he has only made one good movie (Where Got Ghost?). Looking at the list of movies, I did not recognise about 95% of them.
Moving out to rent when you are on good terms with your family is just dumb in my opinion. In the States many are realising just how untenable renting is and moving back in with their parents. But hey, your money your life.
Yeah this is the problem with democracy. Most people are idiots and unwilling to look beyond how things affect them right now.
You can live on your own without renting. it is called buying.
Flight mode? No way that is that is the case. There's something there and he probably rather not talk about it.
, the police will call it non-seizable and ask you to sue, you need public pressure to make them do something.
that is DEAR Daniel to you. Please use the proper salutations
Fortunately or unfortunately, I won slightly more than $17 today.
This is how we know which company is the good company we should put our money on. ComfortDelGro goes stonks chart increasing chart increasing chart increasing
The way you mandate fucking conscription for arguably less justifiable reasons
Those people that cannot vaccinate due to medical reasons how sia
That is how they justify that there is no discrimination against LGBTQ in Singapore . That and oh but we do not enforce it while disregarding all the things LGBTQ people have difficulty accessing due to the presence of S377A.
just say that nlb offers the same services as storytel FOR FREE. Why should I subscribe to storytel? anyways , usually I would just wear my earphones and pretend I am in a zoom meeting.
Better than looking at Sengkangers jealously from Sengkang, coming from the vale that ended up outside tha group representation constituency
What could have happened to drive a 12-18 year old kid to murder someone? Very puzzled by what motivated the act of murder especially in young people.
he said it during the GE2020 debate and it went viral you can watch it here from 3 25 warms the cockles of my heart ( http
If i get 7hrs that is considered a good day yo.
tan chuan jin? edit ng eng hen is 3G oops
I genuinely do not understand to this day.like.i hear adults complain about anything else and not being able to adapt more than i do with people in the 'strawberry generation
Plenty of other countries with safety and stability can conduct peaceful protests. Its an empty argument when its illegal to see the other side of the coin.
i dunno man , as far as I know , whoever has the most power and money still calls the shot.
Man I think my mental state cannot take it anymore, why bother living?
And yet the vast majority of computer mouses and desk set-ups are made for right-handers, especially the ergo-mouse. Where is the justice.
shut down the entire country for 1 intensive care unit case. We are the model nanny state. rest in peace global competitiveness
I agree with you. More people are prolly starting to realise this too. May be one of the reasons why birth rates are decreasing in Singapore
I salute him. He was offered a chance to flee to the US but he turned it down. A hero stays together with his men to fight!
A somewhat related case was this ( http The irony of the repealed 377 being applied to a catholic priest.
I still remember the thunderous cheers from the downstairs coffeeshop when those results were announced.
Hate ads but I'd deal with them as support for the channels I like. Youtube splits 55% of ad revenue to creators.
I do not think the sub is saying yes to that, but I think you should know Australia is banning even its own citizens from flying back home if they've been in India in the past 14 days.
Same here. I haven't slept in on weekends in 4 years, save for the few times I've been sick and on meds. I miss those days.
Much more man. Family member earns 8k for working 25 hrs a week at gp clinic. You want to chiong, work 6 days a week at 8 hrs a day, that is 23k a month at 120 per hr.
most of the time , the fixed fare comfort ride option is cheaper than just grab. go figure it .the ride comes faster without the 10 mins wait unlike grab.
Yes, felt it in Bedok South. I live on the 19th floor. I thought it was my vertigo until someone told me it was an earthquake. Felt repeated swaying forward and backward (north facing) for a few seconds.
he is now back in Singapore trying to rebrand himself as Anthony Casey. This guy? ( http
so you can bring them overseas and experience not-Singapore life!
Everybody here work like investment banking hours, but paid peanuts. Cheaper, better, faster.
Not much to be honest. do not bring someone else into the world to suffer.
He never said it would be completely understandable dude, he just said that kind of thing could happen.
Hope to see a merlion anime series, and with an epic finale between merlion and some fire demon and merlion sacrifices itself by spraying all its water and becomes a stone statue. epicbackstory
Sounds like his priority in life is to have a nice expensive wedding and big HDB in a good location while crying out why money no enough
May be good for you! 6, 7 and 8 can hang out with you now!
All I can say is. Lucky People's Action Party called the election last year.
at some of the armchair critics. Give credits to the bravery of our youths. Sure there will be instances whereby the motives behind the protests are questionable, but not this instance.
The bystander effect has been proven to be a bad study. it is simply not true. http
and popeyes has a $12 for 12 deal thing from 17-18 May through delivery. they fucking predicted this would happen
So then it is also not ok for homeowners to say only females or no smokers ? Is that sexist and anti-smoker behavior? Where is the outrage regarding this? Shouldn't we be inclusive in the 21st century? I am being sarcastic
Bus and MRT. Cluster f until do not know like what. These rules make no sense.
Here is your gif! http --- (I am a bot.) (Report an issue) ( http a link to the gif or comment in your message%2C I%27m not always sure which request is being reported. Thanks for helping me out!)
Life is almost same or even worse here in mainland China. At least a house can be expected in several years in Singapore.
anyone knows if there's any press conference coming up? what's going to happen to the schools?
If I am being honest i felt i could have been more culturally sensitive when I am younger (even now also). I am sorry you had to go through all of that.
Why are vaxxing our kids? Is there any risk based analysis done on this?
Sure, but they haven't had 6 months to get their jab
Then let's not go back to lockdown and just let the virus spread. If they do not see the point of not getting sick from it then let them catch it and die. it is their choice.
Why TOTO cascaded at 2nd draw. Anyone heard this news?
nice nice Hope you manage to get out of this superficial, face-obsessed country.
Sounds like an excited Lit teacher explaining a poignant scene in the book
Singapore couldn't care about lower income people. They've always been second rate citizens. it is always about bending over and sucking up to employers and companies to grow the country like some kind of feverish game.
Please tell me someone actually did press the emergency buttons instead of all just filming it.
Yea free! Only pay for it with 2 short years oh my such a good deal
In America, this would have been 20+ shots and a reload then 20+ more shots. Just seeing one shot and the situation being neutralized means they know how to actually shoot and what they are doing.
the flow of MBS kinda like the comet in Your Name
If you are not vaccinated you are an idiot. If your not vaccinated and old you are not going to be my problem for much longer. Bye.
First time in Singapore? do not you know Singapore' Government makes no mistakes?
Just spoke about this to my parents, they say, cannot stop economy.
People's Action Party used Smear! it is not effective. WP used Cockle Warmer! it is super effective!
They contribute by winning the life lottery of being born here which automatically make them superior
You can get a decent meal in mid range restaurant in most smaller cities.
Gotta live vicariously through the people doing the actual work
NParks misappropriation of funds in 2012. They struck a deal with a bike company to buy 26 Brompton bikes at 57.2k sgd. http
Hi anchorvale buddy. Those affected by pmd ban will disagree. Also did not think he contributed much to his health and transport portfolios.
I am not a parent yet but I am soon (hopefully) going to be a parent. Is it really a common known thing here that parents like to brag their kids' school accomplishments and is it really that noticeable?
I love how Russia's status as being part of the West changes depending on what they want.
http She explains why racial preference IS racist when it comes to renting.
Plus, with housing and HDB waits, who wants to make a baby with their spouse or significant other with their parents in the room next door?
one wil continue to fuck shit up if voted in. one is useless. vote for less bad outcome.
felt here in Sungei Kadut, thought i was just getting dizzy at first
The demographics are working against pap if the trend continues. With every passibg election MG/PG pool is shrinking and the Gen Z pool is expanding. Alot for them to think about.If meeting targets is really that important, then why are the likes of Jo Teo, Ong Ye Kung still around. Obviously it is meritocracy for peasants, aristocracy for the chosen.
they even own a big piece of Suntec. They initially plan to buy the entire suntec city convention center. and this is why the authorities & public find it weird like HOW DO YOU GET THESE MONEY
What about young teochews? do not make my left hand fight my right hand
because sometimes the fixed price can be more expensive than metered depends of peak timing or not. And sometimes i forgot about the hidden charge and select the metered ride as well.
if it is massive, most people should know because our core values are represented by 3K K iasu K iasi K aypoh
Reminds me of facebook post that ask if her covid positive maid can take a rest or not. shaking my head.
I am not sure debit card protections are as anywhere as good as credit card since it is the customer's own money and not the banks'. Still, it is quite a significant amount for a student so no harm trying.
I know, right?! My friend told me he gave his MIL 5 tables of Ang paos for dowry. I was so horrified. When I get married, I do not want to feel like a cow being sold at auction.
i went in to inform i was there to watch the show with my popcorn and got banned immediately administrator working hard
uild a navy base to help them and to act as a deterrent. Y isn't china a hated nation in india?
Like. no one yells at nurses or even anyone for a cup of milo man holy fuck dude.
Been playing shooters and fighting games since the late 90s. By their logic I should be some John wick type killer already. A pencil.
cause you cannot use it on someone unless the person is armed with a weapon and is posing a threat to the officer's life.
Weaklings taking advantage of bad situation just to be mean. man facepalming light skin tone
Congrats, singapore's last handful of black and red broadbills are now your problem, just do not kill them i guess
I am still occasionally haunted by dreams whereby i just woke up to find that i've not studied for an exam that i'll be sitting.
suddenly you will have alot of new friends and relatives pop out of the wood work
Standard procedures. They just love to screw around with your minds, while keeping you in suspense.
i userstand that indians have the curry thing but what's wrong with prcs though?
Do not participate in a society that rejects you intensifies
Called it. Calculated risk my ass! They are so fucking lucky the next election is years away
Everything you described is fascinating from a foreigner's perspective (i.e. me). The ultimate planned man made city. I've never seen anywhere like Singapore. But you are right that you need to experience the other end of the spectrum as well.
What's wrong with a monk going for a holiday with his Buddhist Friend?
Sounds like a pretty average life in the capitalist world
so good, some fat boys have to serve 26 months instead.
Hi sleep a lot brother, I average 8 9 hours too . Working from home makes it so that I wake up later instead of waking up at my normal timing to do more shit .
Yea, the 30% who voted no got punished by the 70%'s mistake.
no. please do not joke about this. Apr fool not yet here face with tears of joy
The one that comes to mind is shake shack giving out free fries for people who are vaccinated
OK low key merlion looks like it could be a high tier end game shiny pokemon
Cut them some slack they get sent to the gulags if they do not write this
A friend of mine works in healthcare recently resigned because of the overwhelming workload. Management only use lip power but on the grounds is utter chaos, burn outs and depressed workers.
, yes the camo of course! it is the camo that effectively hides you from the big bad covid.
Usually avoid the subreddit on mememonday but oh boy, am I glad to have stumbled upon this. 10/10
Honestly I never understood why I had to be in school by 7 15 when classes do not even start till like 8 15-8 30. The whole Gathering for assembly and flag raising was so utterly redundant
Yeah felt it in woodleigh area. I thought my wife was tugging my chair
Now this. This is the kind of art we need in this sub. Great job
Yes, all schools are good schools. Just that mine is better than yours. I am being sarcastic
I did not say that, you said that. So how about you tell me?
people are almost always pieces of shit. Probably 90% of the people who read this comment and flame me too. Probably ME too. that is just life. Everyone is trash and deserves to die.
The attitude of Malays being holier than thou is kinda sickening . Have experienced it many times , sadly it is not going to stop .
Lee Hsien Loong will probably be useful for command as he was an ex SAF general. Halimah Yacob on the other hand i do not think so
Huh i never knew he was a bartender. that is actually really cool
How do you not pay income tax? Am I missing something? We have 2 kids and still paying taxes and we do not even earn that much
The entire chart is only a difference of about 40 minutes, who cares?
F their feelings. See how long they can live with the consequences of their stupidity
Some places are already doing this but guess it is going to expand to more places then.
that is the concern, and they're really flying everywhere before countries started banning them. Even with the strict border controls and SHN requirements in Singapore we're seeing leaks. What happens elsewhere?
What is protocol for this situation? Not suppose to use taser gun first?
Ask your insurance buddy if he have extra lanyard. On those landmines area, wear the lanyard. If they dare to approach then ask them to meet for coffee for financial analysis.
This is just prolonging the restrictions for the rest. If the unvaccinated do not want protection, why do we still want to inconvenient the rest with all these safe entry nonsense.
oh wow. we need a local cartoon series like this !!!
Then what? Take the MRT home? You really think deserting the Russian army by yourself is that easy?
G E K O L O N I S E E R D
it literally started from an ICA checkpoint with an india variant and now they punish the locals laughing my fucking ass off. ridiculous. how can they sleep at night?
, this is the sort of education you get at Yale NUS? Glad it is shutting down.
Kicks and knees to the head are taken very seriously where I am from (UK). Usually can mount to an attempted murder charge. Not sure if its the same in Singapore?
The mom of one of the Columbine shooters did a Ted talk
Typical Singaporean. Never face hardship before, so do not realise how good it is to stay here. Ukrainians have far lower standards of living than Singapore. Why do you think they're still defending their homeland?
the PE teacher who wrestled the axe out of his hands was really brave though
it is photoshopped. the right sign is a mirror of the left sign. The left notice exists but is probably elsewhere.
what the fuck you guys get 7hrs and 24 mins of slp? you lucky busturds!
Oh shit, really bang him Shit, is this the level of our english here? Damn. Like if you do not watch the video for context how do you even explain that statement.
Oh damn, you are an expat did not know that. Then I guess there really is nothing to discuss about since you know you are not a local and you do not experience or have the responsibilities of one.
Fallacy. Actually NY Times has researched that it is actually only minority of winners are squandering their winnings. A lot of them actually do something great and worthwhile.
On wiki.In April 2014 acting President Oleksandr Turchynov reinstated conscription in May 2014.
Pretty sure the Government cannot even see talent even if you dangle infront of them. They always default to scholarship generals.
I hope that is the case . All these politicians really like legendary pokemon, live so long liao, I never met any one of them personally.
Damm, we had the community chest thing and I put in like 1 cent
Well I do not think so. Mine was a SAP school though if that makes any difference.
Wow, this is like looking at progression in physical form. Get this man in parliament!
well can i post my friend codes here edit 7792 7766 9996 0721 7365 3344
10. Systemic SMRT operational failures - removal of 2 CEOs in succession Not to mention triggering the partial nationalisation of public transport
Permits have been unobtainable. This was the last available option. http
Well I do not know much about Olympics but she definitely won my heart. heart suit
Idt they ingest the water. Pretty sure they hold their breath just like us!
Why does the russian embassy use hashtags like another influencer on ticktock?
All these panic-driven behaviours (e.g. ostracizing our frontline healthcare staff, stockpiling essentials unnecessarily) are disgusting me to be honest.
First prize shared by 8 pax. Winning only 2.4Mil each.
Sorry brother. Dealing with the walking dead is not something I can help you with. You'd probably need napalm. Lots of napalm. And marshmallows. cannot have a campfire without marshmallows.
You do not use a non lethal weapon to stop a lethal one.
you are more optimistic than me my friend. The amount of idiocy in today's society is outrageous and I wouldn't put anything past the stupidity of people. That includes a cure for cancer
Need to copy and paste this for my work. Thanks!
He went up to my friend during NE1 and pointed the middle finger at him. Oh well, practice makes perfect I guess.
Everyone's livelihood is definitely going to be affected, do we have to demand an apology from Lawrence wong?
do they not know how bad the Russians fucked the Chechens?
I felt it too in Tiong Bahru area. So subtle but scary
The correct way is to not bring ethnicity or religion into this and teach sex ed as it is based on the facts
Only way to escape is to abolish this whole system with made-up rules and go back to hunter-gatherer times.
i see, i would have laughed my ass off.
Eating breakfast at the table and the Big Mac is on the M key.
I must be one of the weird ones who actually liked it. Although I'd still take black chicken herbal soup over Essence of Chicken any day
I do not even look at them in the eye. I just walk past them as if they're not even exist.
cannot break up the fight or else it will break the 2 person rule
I am curious then how the fuck did UN get involved in the korean war? this feels kinda similar to be honest
Give him a break! it is probably his first getting shot. He'll do better next time
yes. In my time it was ABC - Abstinence, be safe, use condoms. Basically AB is like just do not have sex
Quarantine has always been for close contacts. And people coming in from overseas always had to serve SHN. A lot of misinformation here.
For anyone else who thought of that crash test dummies song instead, we just gave away our age. Cue Rick Dees Weekly Top 40
Go back to phase 2, but more flights are arriving! Song boh?
Looks so smooth and cute unlike ours which are wrinkly and flabby
do not say like that . the uploader also has alot of credit because the next time i see a cat in the canal i know how to save it. he made saving 1 cat potentially become saving 100 cats
what prata flavour y'all want? 2 kosong? egg? want to add ? which phase?
Any predictions about where to camp for their victory parade? I am going to camp at river vale plaza
The Singapore Pledge? . How old are you? Do you think the People's Action Party believes in the Singapore pledge? Our president election takes race into account for fuck's sake
do not forget- many Sengkang residents are children of Hougang nang. it is all one big family in the purple line.
Hope to see future oppo politicians from this woke reddit feed here
I used to work near TTSH before and I do not think there's such canal. It looks like ICA building, taken across Rochor River.
do not worry it is more likely Singapore will invade Malaysia it is Malaysian to ask this question of our leader.
Go and F K Putin, Ukraine! Singapore is with you and your courageous people!
Maybe next time PM Lee decides to contest in Sengkang
This guys probably has not worked a single day in the private sector. Probably a cushy job in NTUC and grassroots advisor position in Sengkang
Felt it in Hougang, I thought it is the building that is shaking because we were moving quite a number of heavy equipment in the past few days
Yup, it is the rear of ICA. You can see the construction wall over there.
This is like the Singapore tourism board merli chibi cartoon but adult version.
Sentiment that counts. India's silence over the war is causing distress to their students currently stranded in Ukraine. The small gestures matter.
Huh, how can one read something but not understand it? I would have become bored within 5 minutes.
For some people, wedding is compulsory because of the parents. Very unfortunate but true.
Also USA would be at least 5 dead before it hits the news.
Biological differences of sex do not equate to refuting socially reinforced gender roles. Try again.
Those antivax can now eat their horse pill for takeaways now
OR. a person who gambles whether it is venomous or going to change him to spider-man
Talented with own unique style, continue to draw. You will make it big. All the best n stay safe.
I mean. after lengthy deliberations and intensive brainstorming, the Government would probably solve this issue by finding a way to get even more singaporeans to video themselves standing and clapping. that'll fix this crisis for sure.
Singapore's cash for voluntary sterilization program only produces the best kids.
Can pass Warren Fernandez (editor in chief) and Sumiko Tan (executive editor) a not? I am being sarcastic If not means media gag
i wish i can move to the japanese country side . that would be heaven
Wipe with money, sandpaper or a picture of your crush?
I really wish they would use earphones when using their smartphone and tablet in public.
Oh I do think this is a decent outcome. I am more upset with the policymakers actually. just hard to specify in the heat of the moment
that is horrible. D And people are just okay with that?
If she's in America now it is probably more commonplace to be Hispanic rather than Filipino.
do you need justify your shot in your report or to internal affair committee?
cannot be helped he has easy pickings on his team.
This Pok mon can be found only in the Singapore region
that is because you are in Singapore. Different story if you are in our neighboring countries.
Yeah. There's 8 billion people in the world. Some of them are psychos that are out to kill for absolutely no discernible reason. Stay safe.
Now he is one step closer to becoming a ligma! So proud of the young man
Ohhh expensive sashimi lunch. , but still. This is adorable
The Sunshine Empire MLM scandal seems to have been forgotten. Actually knew one of the founder's kids years ago from church. it is pretty sad that their dad is a convicted felon.
shit. Last year, they prematurely ended CB just to hold election. Now this again, and the country borders are still open? I swear, we're getting penalized for Government's stupid decisions that benefit themselves. Eventually, we'll probably riot
In Singapore, no such things as ample sleep or work life balance because some bosses just do not know what is personal time or boundary. Other than that, worrying bout the cost of living or constant work deadlines ain't helping.
No blame culture please, the authorities are doing their best to curb the spread of covid and we must trust the experts that the situation is under control.
Of course Lee Hsien Loong will. He was the youngest BG in the SAF
Hanks! Yours is easy on the eyes too. Clean and smooth gradients, nice and straight composure of the skyline
Yep did thos think it cost $26, 19 years ago!
Unfortunately as long as 377A remains and not repealed, sex education here cannot progress and be more inclusive. As Ministry of Education will use it as an excuse to say that they cannot condone homosexual relationships.
During the invasion of Iraq, we, along with many others were convinced of the weapon of mass destruction theory. Tiananmen incident is a domestic affair
The third paragraph about the food on the floor and sleep in the ambulance you believe . do not think the hospital allows that
We all do brotha. we all do. To be clear, we all wish to have that 2.4mil. We're not that gracious enough to wishing you having that 2.4 mil.
You act like the Government sidelining the group of people who are arguably more local than any other group isn't a thing
Should I send it in to a local news site before they steal it
Yups yups. I just read about it in the wiki page for China Singapore relations
Bars haven't been able to open past 2230 for over a year! Even when we were doing perfectly fine earlier this year
There's already a scanner available to automatically indicate whether you are vaccinated or not, they use it currently for those people that go around with only the TT token.
The single digit unvaxxed make up over half of those who are severely ill, which still represents a disproportionate and excessive strain on an already overloaded healthcare system. So his point still stands.
Why does it matter when this picture was taken? Does it alter the message significantly that he is standing firm defending his country from within? Ok so here is a trophy for being right on the internet.
I really feel for all the hawkers and restaurant owners. They have repeatedly gotten fucked over
Qn when using the comfort app to book taxi, will the price roughly be equal to call cab fee? Aka a few bucks more than street hail?
should be able to cancel.on their website, there is a 3-day free trial.so, since you already cancel, you won't be charged.
yes nothing beats studying to the ASMR sounds of a cane swooshing while teardrops fall on my textbook. 10/10 would study again
I couldnt hear the illiterate part. But perhaps his arguments could have been terrible with no proper substance hence the RI comment?
Those who booked staycations over the following month. can call hotels to postpone right?
It looks good! All the best!!! do not have time to play games but when I do I'll give it a shot
you are missing the point, my friend. The point is not about race. it is about apostasy. it is just more pronounced to Malays because they are assumed to be of a certain religion.
Let's not forget that ltks predecessor jbj was an Anglo indian that spoke with an English accent.
Wait till you face the teachers as a vendor )
My wife has a desktop so I use her screen during the daytime. Would get a couple more screens but i lack desktop space in my current home
CNA CAN SUCK MY ASS FOR OBVIOUSLY BEING BIAS MEDIA, SO HAPPY FOR SENGKANG
today I learnt. Thank you. Need to hold our Government to task for this.
I do not even wanna see it. I just know it is bad. Like I took a dump in the morning and it made me feel good and that dump was the movie.
Xiexie laoban, laoban hengheng. I taking overnight rolled oats every morning and controlling diet and exercising to YouTube workouts. So far lost 2kg and the rolled oats is for cholesterol control. Heard from cousin it helps tremendously.
This very reason I avoid toxic unmoderated online sites like FB.
The weird part is that NDP carries on with reduced capacity while businesses are closed. More people suffers while the entire country should celebrate NDP, where got mood?
If he is younger same as him I think so
Thanks ) but fair is fair. I think I should start learning to be a bit more thicker skin
There was one time I got trapped listening to a random Christian girl at Woodlands MRT for nearly an hour. I will never be that kind again.
These kind of census do not take into account of 'closeted' ones
May 21 is the start of Delta variant where more deaths were happening. And during that time, above 18 vaccination, if I remember correctly, had just started. And the 2nd lockdown happen during that time too.
Spain, Portugal, and Thailand were ruled by a dictator. They managed to avoid World War Two by luck and avoiding taking side.
The group of people behind the 2 people also sort of help by supporting and holding them or else they might fall into the drain
So fucking proud of the voters of Seng Kang group representation constituency. Much respect to the testicular fortitude displayed
Easier to walk down the stairs so that is where I am going
These days, those found to have committed negligence or offences and crimes do not even admit to their wrong-doings much less commit suicide or even step down.
Nah, they're bureaucrats. They're better off staying away from the fighting as much as they can.
Why do we always have to be the ones paying for such incompetence? (
Hey! What do you sell and where's your shop? Still can tabao.
He also cut off his ear and sent it to a prostitute, so there's that.
Schools still open but no more than groups of 2 outside so I cannot even pick up my 2 nephews from school?
I cannot believe the law is still anal about this
on the channel 5 bit the local host also said you meng you
But only white people can be racist! Surprised Pikachu face
Or could be PR. Like, sentosa shop offering 50% off for healthcare workers man shrugging light skin tone
This does not even make sense because the opposition is not the one with a supermajority in the Parliament having free will to pass any bill they want.
how do we lack the critical thinking skills to equate russian people to putin? what the fuck?
annoying that they identified it as the indian variant virus. could have stopped all flights like 2 weeks back to prevent this nonsense. all too worried about their new portfolio.
read the post liao I already think smlj what kind of stupid qn is this. somemore can flag as serious discussion. op you got brain not ?
Confirm steal one la 2k up votes so juicy. Its a steal for them after all
To this website ( http They reply fast on your queries and gives you the rights quotation that suits your need of their services.
I hope Ministry of Education gets actual psychologists for all those actually affected.
This is a straw man argument as to why SIA is failing and refuse to change. Because doing what it is currently doing is driving it to the ground
He came through when it mattered. that is more than can be said about almost every other leader we've seen
You trying to be Spider-Man? Why you putting your hands so near to it?
do not you know? Your dignity is pegged to ur salary! Our world grass ministars taught me this.
it is been reported in the news some hotels are cancelling bookings to accommodate the possible increase in rooms for isolation purposes
There's no flooding only ponding. There's no CB only Heightened Alert
I was cycling past that school & wondered why the fuck are there cameras there. Thought there was a production shoot or whatever. Little did I fucking know.
'Member the days when all we had were expat and tourists asking the same questions over and over again? Pepperidge Far- never mind.
Hiking through waist deep water? Believe it or not, also rest.
they keep saying that we cannot afford to close our borders for long because The Economy trade mark but it is average singaporeans (and singaporean fresh grads) that get hit hard when we do have to lock down
I live in The Netherlands and it is a good day when I get full 7 hours
That is the reason why more people are staying single, or get married but only have 1 child or zero. But I do agree that the sandwiched group of people supporting children and elderly can be very tough.
Anti -russian actions? brother seriously? What about you all killing people in Ukraine that is a thing you know
I am refusing the vax as it has microchips in it Says the anti-vaxxer who carries a phone with him everywhere.
Please stay positive and strong. Although I only have words to offer but without folks like yourself the nation will not be able to get out of this.
I like your method 1. I thought about doing this next time somebody preach their religion to me on the street, I'll preach another religion to them and try to covert them.
I am racist and I do not find this Indian at all
Chinese newspapers broke the news first. Probably died from his wounds by the time ST reported it
If you notice they always call the foreign Chinese overseas Chinese instead of foreign Chinese. Implying that we are prc citizens living overseas, this is deeply ingrained in their vocab.
that is weird, so many people are going to hospitals when so many Redditors claimed that covid is now a common flu?
and a few years after, Trace Together will go as well
Language requirements for a job is not the same as this. You know for some jobs speaking a specific language is required.
9-5 is the luxury, if it is not 830 to 6 not including OT. I do not see how to have a life outside of work when it is so demanding, much less a family
in time for our yet unborn children to go clubbing
The premise is flawed. The average Singaporean's commitment in an armed conflict is untested.
I am not saying their experiences aren't valid. I am saying there's no loosening of restrictions, which this post seems to imply is happening. Singapore is the most restrictive country after China.
Nothing is perfect, Singapore has most restrictive covid measures in the world after China and more cases than fully open countries. that is because the measures do not work.
What other issues were they unhappy about? If there are other examples and you do not mind sharing.
Let's just hope Putin shoots himself in his bunker like how that German dude did in Berlin in 1945
So it is ok to ban flights from China but not flights from India? This is perfectly reasonable to keep covid cases low in Singapore.
You are also, erm, well within your rights to stalk the landlord, take a discreet photo of his face, buy ad space on straits times front page, and post the pic there with the appropriate captions
They are struggling, but the part where the author seems to imply covid measures are being loosened is completely false. They're doing themselves a disservice by implying a falsehood.
I mean Jack Neo also produced alot of Government content not just these army movies. Ch8 always got
Malaysia had Conditional MCO (CMCO). So this one is Conditional Circuit Breaker? smelly vagina?
Singaporeans be crowding in Ikea and have the guts to tell others what to do
You cannot mandate vaccines that were approved under emergency use. You dumb fuck
Sidetrack. Book of Boba is so bad they had to put in the Mandalorian there to spice things up
Raid Instance Clementi Police HQ Wipes at first trash pack
There's still big discrepancies between Chinese/christian culture. I do not know if it is just me that feels this way, but somehow the 2 of them combined can quite often bring out the worst, most conservative, backwards aspects of both cultures.
Should show them the new Australian banknote. It will blow their freakin' socks off.
Probably. When I read it I did not think much. I just feel sad if it is real.
Eliteism is strong here. It also applies to working life. So many degree holders look down on those who only have a diploma or ITE or O Level cert. Most of the time, the less educated do the jobs better.
SGAG POSTED IT TOO. Check their Facebook. Apparently I cannot comment FB link here.
Honestly speaking, is it okay to use the button in such incidents? I fucking hate people Is it ok to inconvenince people in order to save a life? Honestly speaking.
Not you, I like you. I am referring to Op
Not to mention the water would have been greenish brown
Thank you for becoming a mass murderer for our sake
I do not take the attacks personally either. just doing my civic duty . I understand why you wouldn't bother though.
Maybe we should question why was the protest even necessary in the first place? Or why it is so hard to voice out minority issues in Singapore.
Must shoot! well he is not wrong, dude was wielding a knife yo
Not harsh stupid. There is a difference, and Singapore needs to learn it.
The G is now terrorised by covid, total incapable of making rational decisions, and instead are being ruled by their terrified constituents. covid is mutating from a physical disease into a mental disease.
The fan is turned off because she does not deserve cool climate until she gets her grades up!
Mai lai eh 9am not even prime time for them
If a negative antigen rapid test test used to be needed for employees to report to work, wouldn't a positive one be enough to NOT report to work?
I am not why we did not feel like recess was short then .most days we would just buy some karipap or something and just tokok with friends. It would feel adequate enough to continue the rest of the day.
many Singaporeans also have their life savings in their businesses.
yup felt it as well. my chair was rocking back and forth
Different strokes for different folks, or in this case different milk for different ilks
The meaning of life is to be found through responsibility, through making the conscious decision to pick up a load and carry it. Responsibility makes it all worthwhile.
Gasp. it is a global virus ok, do not name countries. LW say one.
NO NEWS in Singapore will report about this. that is how silent and censored our media is, esp. with TOC down too. it is funny subreddit of Singapore is still up and running but I guess majority of Singaporeans do not browse reddit anyway
I mean maybe it is a ploy for us to make babies. Now can only eat in private . cue porn music.
Never understood why people keep making a big deal of his handling of the situation to be honest. Said as much in other threads. Just because he cried in parliament means he cares?
Exactly my pain. I started my gym membership about 6 weeks ago and gained about 3kg (it was super hard for me to gain weight before this), and now I think I am going to lose all the gains.
yes, the things outside our control, it is a different world now
Elope and have a quiet wedding dinner with only the parents. That already helps, .
The Russian people just lost their access to the world. Their savings are worthless, their sons sent to a war no one wanted. Blame the insane overlord dictator, not the common folk.
Kid was in the wrong place at the wrong time. I cannot even begin to imagine what it is like for his friends and family right now. I really do hope they find peace. Absolutely terrible.
Bruneian here. Is $2900-3200 considered low, medium of high salary?
As a fan of the mainline game, Go does not appeal to me. But I am glad it has widespread appeal. More Pokemon fans are always better, in my opinion.
but you took it out of context Putin is wrong, but NATO and US aren't clean either.
14th and 15th also had murders right? What's going on what the fuck this is kinda scary
He sounds really eloquent! Is it just me but I got dizzy from looking at him in the video
poor Ukrainians citizens who are the real victims that have been caught in between US/Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Russia. stop using Ukrainians as your proxy. leave them alone. bring your war elsewhere.
Is this a off season April fools joke? PS covid salt dragon already evaded responsibility liao, what makes you think he stay back?
same as how many floor washers / wumaos / little pinks, banded together and boycotted old Chang kee in china. simply because they listed Taiwan as a country and it wasn't their intention.
How is psle and secondary school directly relevant to your working performance 30-40 years down the road?
Their ex-president supporting Russia on many things set the tone for many to follow.
I am curious about the differences. I went to high school in the Netherlands and days usually were from 8 00 to 15 00-16 00-ish. I always thought that was dumb and it would make much more sense to go from 9 00 to 16 00-17 00.
None. Not a single case accept the badminton gym exposure.
The important question is Is Elden Ring nice? Worth a day one purchase?
CST did not fuck over an entire generation of Singaporeans with his policy failures. In hindsight comparing anyone to MBT prolly a bad choice.
I cannot believe it, Seng Kang residents really warmed the cockles of my heart! NEW TOWN COUNCIL INC jamusoppa
I mean 377A is quite literally an eg of religious groups shoving their beliefs down everyone's throats tho, no?
i dunno about you guys but the price itself is fucking ridiculous, forget diversity man. The rent is day light robbery
i will always remember this one. Everytime i heard NPD this scene is the 1st time that came to mind. Good shit kid
I went there last Sat and I saw the Pastor preaching! He was dressed v humbly but I was still a bit sus. His sermon nb though.
Good for you and all you are doing. Thank you for your service it must be a really difficult and isolating time for you, but know that you are absolutely, 100% appreciated.
acceptable ur unit you decide who you want to rent out to
simi Heighten Alert? this is a circuit breaker by any other name. thanks for the risk-managed approach, we are back to Square Zero.
yah fock them that price take ur pick Redhill to commonwealth
I actually kinda liked the taste, but the fact that so many people bought into it because psle toP ScoReRs All gOt tAKe oK really makes me sad
It only says to see and not to act upon though.
oint of pride for the first few months when I studied there, but toned it down after that they realized that I am the same lazy hoo You my friend are an inspiration.
Location of Mr. Crabs has been triangulated. Beginning extraction process.
Their manager or something (I do not work in an embassy ) is possibly a tiktok dancer
Most work 8 hours a day, 5 days a week This kind of job probably wants you to work 12 hour a day for 5 or 6 days a week
GUYS NEXT GE CAN WE TREND MORE HASHTAGS SO CNA CAN PUT IT UP cockleswarmed jamusoppa simpforseah
Hi fun fact its not actually storytel it is a third party by the name of Vision Organisation and its apparently an MLM
it is just a business decision apparently, suddenly it becomes acceptable when it comes to financial planning and investment in real estate
Yes, not really possible to retire in Singapore. Some of my parent's generation moved to Malaysia.
get your all lives matter bullshit out of here face with tears of joy
you guys are the ones defending a person saying no indians , talking about oh it is because of the spices etc etc get that fucking bullshit out of here face with tears of joy
Do it when you have the time. ) even a 5 min pencil sketch on paper is a start.
call your bank immediately for debit/credit card chargeback P.S. Lucky you used your debit/credit card. I have no patience for these deceptive hardselling practices
OK. Misunderstood your comment. Thought your parents really wanted to leave you to die, not pay for your food etc
There's always comment like yours Reeeee whats the cameraman doing he is not helpingggg reeee
Have a friend from CHC, when Kong Hee was released, he posted about it and there were cheers when he came out on stage.
I normally disagree with you for a lot of things, but fuck yes brother. Fuck them idiots
Thank you! From what I read about the otters, the Bishan otters sometimes patrol all the way to Marina bay, so it could be the same bunch of otters.
Just search Singapore covid la kopi in telegram. cannot miss it
Are you me? I feel you. Really disappointing and it is going to be hard to book another date between now and December. Most venue would have been booked.
does not seem like it. It sure must be a really shitty joke if he has to edit it every few minutes.
Yea, anti science more like. They're the usual flavour of saying vaccinated deaths are being covered up, ivermectin lovers etc. Currently having a meltdown its GLORIOUS
Hey if I know anything about old people, they love it when pictures of them in their youth are called handsome/pretty in my opinion majority of Singapore KFC's taste is a far bigger insult to colonel(RET) Sanders
if it bites itself and you die, it is voodoo. if it bites you and someone else dies, it is correlation not causation. it you bite each other and none of you die, it is kinky
They call you a hater for pointing out the green milk is clearly spoilt and inedible .
Public transportation continues to be safe. Might as well set up malls and f&b in bus and MRT
If I were him, I'd turn the table by relabeling the restaurant as a Ukrainian restaurant (I'd imagine the cuisines of both countries do not differ too much).
Nordic countries? I am sorry but do not really understand why 'Nordic' in particular. Can you explain?
Welp here comes another rocket. Tech stonks to the moon
Haven't shot anyone so I do not remember what was the procedure but If I remember correctly there will be an investigation into the shooting by an investigation officer and yes you will have to justify it in your report.
Agree. we cannot keep putting our lives on hold just to protect that small minority.
View link ( http --- Info ( http Feedback ( http for savevideo)& 32 & 32 Donate ( http & 32 & 32 DMCA ( http removal request for savevideo&message http
Where's your parents stall at? If I pass by, I'll go support. You can dm me
it is good to hear that the victim seemed to be OK.
that is because he was visiting the regions near donbass, macam the president visiting tekong except got risk of being shot at. he is now in Kyiv, not in armour and helmet but staying put, use those pictures instead.
this will really go down in the books as one of the darkest times in Singapore history
I think marriage and kids are optional too but most people would like kids as they feel it is fulfilling in a way of sorts.
Is there also text on the staircase leading down to McDonald's encouraging me along the way? you are hungry. Golden Arches. Travis Scott.
to be honest, this is an insult to some third world countries that even recognize LGTBI marriages and adoptions
brother I live in Springdale literally this happens almost everytime
Blows my mind how people continue to vote for them
Ministry of Manpower please slap this MF. Gosh, his head spoil or have no filter. I would at least soften the message before literally giving it to the reporter. Wow his Singapore SME mindset is front and Center.
I just joined and someone asked why suddenly so many people joining the chat to which another person responded to see the unvax panic
they tell us to sediah with our foot not our finger!
I suddenly remember that Chan Chun Sing leaked audio. that is behind closed doors. Now I can only imagine how most of them elites talk behind closed doors.
made me remember the encik that used to scold , your brain got orange juice izzit
You say like it is a problem. you are in their land not the other way around.
stay calm & eat panadol. do not overwhelm our poor nurses.
Your link is broken, here's the link without the slashes http
the guy needs to change his keyboard. something wrong with the M key.
the staff who posted this probably had no choice - post or lost your job.
Have been waiting for a post like this from you! Kudos to you Ealy )
Knew storytel are bad but damn. hardselling YEARLY subscription that you cannot cancel till next year
it is an incredibly common mentality around the world these days. Singapore is not particularly special in this regard.
The world is over crowded. Sure there are sparsely populated areas, which Singapore obviously does not have, but in general everywhere you go in Europe, cities in the US, Asia, there are too many people.
same thing happened in severe acute respiratory syndrome, sad that people learned nothing
I truly enjoyed watching his debate. He made clear arguments for his points, and looked like he really enjoyed the debate.
I know there are more pressing issues but will my booked staycation be cancelled?
that is not always the case. The incumbent party takes care of its own if they do well. But lose a group representation constituency or make the party lose face? Good luck, on your own.
I've known a lot of Muslims who will have sex, cheat on their wives, drink, smoke, but oh my God DOES THIS HAVE PORK IN IT?!?!
India's Government has pretty much already given up at this point.
Is that water real, or did you flip the skyline and apply a wave effect? I do not think I've ever seen this area so calm before
They're always been here. They're miserable and they want to drag the rest of us down with them.
Oh I just zoomed in. Is that the infinity pool? I thought it was a natural water body
The man he outed, Vincent Wijeysingha, was the son of former RI Headmaster Eugene Wijeysingha. The plot thickens.
I have no idea what I was thinking when I typed tomorrow . . You can scratch that out and read the sentence without the word tomorrow . Sorry for my confusion.
Death is not the only long term effect of covid.
What's wrong with a Monk going for a holiday with his Butt Fu. Wait I am supposed to subtle.
border disputes is putting it lightly. they literally are fighting over islands
This is ridiculous. people cannot be expected to live like this with every day a different story and different expectations. We are at near 50% vaccinated. Another 30% have one dose. Let us live our lives again.
What if I have a shop? This was not coliving by the way.
Same from klook also. I think there's so many issues that are not addressed properly. Example staycations and swimming pool
Move to UK. Then you can ask the same question, but from UK. Life is shit everywhere, unless you are rich.
There's a ton of people buying apple products and expensive gaming computers at simlim. Modern gpus like 3080/3090 is 2.5-3k sgd. I guess this is mad riches for india what a perspective, damn. Makes you appreciate everything you have.
Yeah I can guarantee you 99% of these so called Reddit heroes wouldn't step in if they were there in person.
Manpower? In the eyes of the Government this is creating jobs! it is a good thing! Forget about all the people that are being removed from society, losing their jobs, depression, suicides, starvation and broke.
This gives me blue period vibes. When Yaguchi talks about Shibuya being blue.
Tactically messed up tho. He did not mobilise his reserves till just before russia moved. Granted he and the world under estimated Putin. http
you do you space tab space works also space space continue Works too Also, while we are code reviewing, True, not true
I think the point is that exclusionary preferences is common regardless of race and nationality
Where's the logic behind this stupid rule anyway? Whether it is a mall or standalone, it is just people in a building man facepalming light skin tone
Gee thanks Government! I clap for you! Not only you CB during Hari Raya, it happens AGAIN this year. because'mon it is your fault for not restrict earlier.
that is probably due to the fact that Chinese make up the majority of the population. You can keep crying about it but it is what it is.
I still follow SGAG but i notice their content is slowly declining lately and the jokes are just lame now. Some are good though! But without Xiao Ming, it is just different.
Yeah it is not mandatory, but we will slowly remove you from society until you get it .
Can agree with you, most family businesses are getting pummeled hard and it hurts to see them work so hard for no income
This is getting dumb, they are just going back on their own words. for fuck's sake, the plan is to have no plan and just wait and see, nice job.
There are always someone who ruins the days of everyone else. Spare a thought for others.
Amen. that is what partially keeps me going, when I see my colleagues/team work so damn hard, I cannot let go either.
solid la! I play on my kid's one is damn irritating I have more fun than her
moral of the story, get nukes and never give them up like ukraine
that is very sweet. Honestly a kind word to the medical / allied health team is more than enough (
He has a great point despite a slightly annoying accent. Great content Jamus!
cpf Exactly this. Its kinda dumb that the writer of that summary assumes cpf contributions are fully wiped for mortgage. You picked a unit that you cannot afford. The financial literacy is zilch
I just put a comment about how both the companies are finally out to make profits and screw both cabbies and customers.
I am coming for them, considering I missed the chance to vote by 2 months
NICE! same kind of view can be observed when the Train is passing along Lower Seletar Reservoir while leaving/approaching Khatib MRT at sunset.
I agree. Let all teenagers irregardless of background work in the service industry for a brief period as part of school curriculum. Singaporean attitude towards service staff may change for the better within a generation or two.
Whats crazy is that 3 of my family members felt the tremors at home while me and another sibling did not. I was quite surprised when they ran up to me yelling EARTHQUAKE EARTHUAKE
Economy going down again? STI just recovered to pre- covid levels. We cannot afford another lockdown that may ensure if our local cases start to moon march-april 2020 again.
i thought this was NYC, then realised it is Singapore.
Does this bot not know how to use hashtags properly?
Should have told the kid in her face, you better study hard so you can properly educate your children to not be like her
There's administrator fee now on grab for CC payments? did not know
No, we are talking about mindset changes, it is not something impossible.
more cases than fully open countries London 7-day average cases 36,563 London population 8.9mil London population density 5701 per sqkm Singapore 7-day average cases 14,564 Singapore population 5.6mil Singapore population density 8358 per sqkm
China already thinks they have a rightful claim to singapore just because we have a chinese racial majority. Worse, many who consumed too much propaganda think this is the only rightful way
Next time you see a Storytel staff, ask them if they have heard of a fucking library. it is free. Storytel people stuck outside the library at Stadium MRT station pretending to be affiliated with the Library
Saw someone post two meme photos, one with a crying woman's face and the caption My skydiving instructor does not allow me to skydive without a parachute Freaking hilarious.
It matters because you cannot change the colour of your skin. And you absolutely shouldn't have to discard your culture. So it is very different from being called fat or whatever.
Frank Pentangeli ( http had his family's financial future assured , if he killed himself
Would have been deadly at worst, and embarrassing at best if the warning shot ricochets and hit the firer.
The Gift of Fear is a great book for people to read to learn about fick politeness
boomers strawberry! pui! last time your fudder and I only pull in 2k still can buy HDB ok!
I acknowledge it is a controlled substance(similar to other amphetamines) in many places, SK has been trying to clamp down on it, but you never know when people are desperate
You could assume the food court part is true, but there's no reason for the guy to sleep in his ambulance for 4 days.
I learned how to sign you are a scammer! In sign language. Just for those pity-sales people who approach diners while pretending to be deaf-mute to capitalize on their empathy and social insecurities
I love how the opposition supporters stay really classy throughout the election. Good job guys thumbs up
Yes yes, you are a big financially responsible boy who lives with his parents and is saving a ton of money we get it OK hand OK hand
Hougang. Got some friends say this is cause of the sumatra quake.
Why would anyone think the OP is spoilt? From what I can see she's working a job during spare time to make her own money. Fair play to her
if one is ready to shoot, one should be ready to kill.
Harlooo. I also accept Malay, Pinoy, Thai and Vietbu okay? No racism here.
inside is not within. here we are safe here we are free
Good, those antivaxxers can stay at home and suck thumb themselves
How to avoid salesperson in MRT/pushcart. 1. Detour slightly from their spots 2. avoid any slight of eye contact 3. wear a earpiece and pretend they do not even exists
Point 3 already happened. Loads of boomers sniffing up Tik Tok nonsense and thinking that Putin is justified.
Same as rolling back our rights privileges . Cue Kenneth Jeyaratnam
Some good old Adderall does the trick for boosting studying concentration I am being sarcastic ( do not do it, these things mess people up esp in south korea and usa)
say pressure cooker, because that is exactly what Singapore is. small space x hot x humid x
There are no earthquakes in Ba Sing Se Here we are safe Here we are free
Ironically, the KFC I had in the US was even worse than Singapore I can see why it gets memed about there. Amen! KFC sucks over here.
There is no Circuit Breaker in Ba Sing Se Here we are safe Here we are free
they are perfectly clear. and they are doing to you, what they are supposed to do. enjoy your day standing in front of the signs.
I rather have Popeye's Chicken or Church's Fried Chicken over KFC. Jollibee here is quite new and just so-so.
That was . disturbing. it is a random act. rest in peace to the victim
And this is a female golden orb weaver. Males are far smaller and usually end up being eaten by females after impregnating them. Females are the massive ones.
less hitting back more welcoming cute parts of nature into development. trees get curated while otters get vip passes.
That seems very dangerous even for the monkeys, can see them slipping
apparently RI is gateway to the ivies , ACS not so much
Laughs in university. I try to sleep at least 5hrs each day. but dang. so many assignments for my final year.
i always hated these sort of benches , very easy to fall off
I am asking because there seems to be a large influx of react channels again, whether tribal or not
These circumstances make this incident so much more painful. Hoping students, teachers and families involved get the emotional and psychological support they need.
I left last month. I was offered an extension but I declined it. The Government's handling and reaction to covid is ridiculous. I am in the UK now
Oh that explains why recently I've been seeing so many people supporting Russian as well here in Indonesia. And, most of them are account who like to post borderline-right-wing Islam stuffs. Not very surprising
His idea of a successful country is free welfare, lesser work, Low tax he keep spamming some china propaganda What
Lee Kuan Yew already tried that on CST nearly 40 years ago. It did not work then and even more so it won't work now
I have one. it is not the light though because my room is totally dark. For some reason I just wake up earlier than necessary.
Lee Kuan Yew set the bar when he trotted out CST's O Levels vs WKS MBT
We recognized China in the 1970's. We specifically made it a point to be the last country in ASEAN to do so
We let gay men exist but if you use ur dick you go jail
will be nice to see online co-op especially during pandemic
quit crying about trans people, they're not bothering anyone. If people are trans then let them be trans without shaming them
2 x illegal knee to a downed opponent and 2 x illegal elbow to back of the head.clearly the guy is trained and he should know how devastating these shots are, he is in for a very rough legal time
I seriously think it is a bad move for the Government to allow cpf to be used on mortgages in the first place.
I do not want to explain or rationalize anything, but As a chinese i just want to say this I am sorry we're this fucked up.
it is rumoured every year. Ever since the switch was just released. I'll believe it when I see it.
Singapore is actually part of the simulation that Josh is testing out on. Quick find Grace!
Lee Hsien Loong was a soldier for decades before politics. I believe he would easily know how to throw on a chest rig and helmet.
Ar the monthly why I do not want to have kids thread!
Going back further, how about his YOG debacle? I bust out laughing when Chee Soon Juan nailed the little fucker for this one in the pre-election debate.
I won't even consider keechiu 9.9% as alarming as the attrition that seems to be happening in the healthcare sector. The focus seems off.
I can, however, say that most Singaporeans are largely elitist and classist. Learning well from their Colonial masters.
? Is not can see the lady to the right of the guys and the one who walked past the camera. Theres a ton of people in the cabin on the right with their eyes on this fight.
I do not know if will make you feel better but i love robbing my indian friend's lunch box. The noodles his mom make are amazing. Wait, does that make me racist?
HwaChong is more about loyalty than rivalry. HwaChong Alumni is the most loyal among the 3. But they usually do not care about rivalry against ACS and RI outside of sport stuffs.
How about not covering medical costs for the unvaccinated? it is not fair that our taxpayer money cover them when they are irresponsible fucks who chose not to get vaccinated.
Sengkang will not be easy even for somebody like Jamus. Town council & community services has been quite solid for the past few years. I presume most will operate under the ain't broke why change mindset.
I dislike the current batch of ministers (especially Lawrence Wong) as much as anyone, but you are stepping on dangerous territory. /
Seriously just let the old cunts reap what they sow. Stop holding back the country because of them. The old cunts themselves said it, they are just waiting to die. Let us live our lives.
Nice. Is this a new channel? I have been hooked on and off to tribal people react
You want Vivian to come out and say he lost sleep over this? face with tears of joy
Singapore secure isn't actually very helpful. Sometimes it will say something like report failed.
Uff now the gatekeepers of malls have to check people in AND their vaccination. Cue Gandalf YOU SHALL NOT PASS
are you asking people to stay in their homes for years?
Brilliant comparison. You might as well ask Low Thia Khiang to join them as well.
If they really use that reasoning as an excuse they are truly thinking we citizens are stupid to the core
Who the heck is downvoting reasonable remarks to not speculate till further details are out?
'Boy . kong show you a video from when I was young. That time, kong very famous.'
He isnt trained for shit those strikes are terrible just copying what he is seen on tv probably
I would like to know how much his allowance are! If it is more than $560/month for the first 3 months, and more than 1.2k/month for the rest of his term. I am carrying my pitch fork
did not expect an answer tho Does any of them share your family's views at a simple ceremony as well?
So close! But a good fight nevertheless. She may not have won a medal but she made it much further than expected and even took down some strong competition along the way!
serious question had the vaccination program been more aggressive, would we be in the situation that we are in?
if I remember correctly it was speculated she commited suicide and did not die of heart failure.
wow. it would have been worth your job to school her, and give her a piece of your mind. what a beech!! must be her inferiority complex acting up
You get beaten these days because of 2 things. Either you have no mask, or you have no badge.
My mum was given an allergist appointment so fast that she missed it (letter sent and not read till after the appointment) and now her new appointment is Christmas time . She could maybe have gotten fully vaccinated by now
Very wise words. Agency is so scary though - once you acknowledge it, there's nobody to blame for bad decisions, but yourself. Hence this post with all its upvotes.
He did not unlock the ability to parry bullets with his knife.
Also rich coming from an obvious CCP troll account that is young and low karma with a post history sucking Xitler the Pooh's dick.
Man, the comment threads is on fire huh. Today and tomorrow will be jam-packed. And I expect headlines for tomorrow evening news will be people crowding to restaurants and other centre to enjoy last days before restriction
imaging rebranding his name of one of the most hated women in US.
The stupid ass times that you also had to go to school also played a role. Even as a guy in his late 20s now, sometimes I still get nightmares that I am late for school
Schools have been doing lockdown drills actually. For a while already. Reason is preparation against possible terrorist attacks.
After switching to a lean and mean diet the smell of macdonalds makes me feel like throwing up. What a weird and odd feeling considering it never bothered me before.
Why do you want to hate Russia? What have they done to you? Or anybody else for that matter? Keep in mind they are fighting Neo Nazi's as well as against American imperialism and NATO expansion.
I did not say it dosent work. Regardless. Pfizer has fully released their data, might wanna read up. Most people main concerns will be highlighted from page 30 to 39. Make your own conclusions after.
Count your blessings you are able to come here and work. What more you want? 3 meals at a hawker centre? I am being sarcastic
For some context about our users, they automatically think that supporting islam good while supporting the west bad Let's be real, this is the real reason. backhand index pointing down Ukrainian president Zelenskyy is Jewish.
So on that last line. Does it mean that you can be gay, but if you do gay things that is illegal. Hmm makes little sense but such is law.
I say first few days of lockdown. It is NORMAL human behaviour to panic and to want to stock up when they feel a sense of emergency
religion is just another tool for TPTB to control the sheeples.
Dread it. Run from it. CB arrives all the same.
Our lives are worthless compared to the elites. So there is no point in asking whether we will stay or not.
OP better watermark this before SGAG steals this and does so
FB comments are all the boomer mentality.pay no attention to them
Does anyone remember the pastor wife's music videos? What a hoot
I did until damn otters ruin it. I am not hating the added free fish flavor though. Bonus.
can only complaint a lot on reddit. what else can you do?
Most of the comments do not deny that the police were just doing their jobs but most people are bashing the Government for even making transphobic policies.
I know an American who thought Muslim and Islam were 2 different religions, one practiced in South East Asia and the other in the middle east.
Yeah and dogs get old and die quicker than kids.
James Gomez and the missing nomination papers ( http Dude tried to play his Opposition sympathy card but forgot about CCTV. No doubt he is a clown for screwing up his papers two consecutive elections.
Singaporeans really accept whatever the Government says and that is the most astounding thing in all this
very easy to say things like take care blah blah. But any kind of mental health help is extremely expensive in Singapore. it is just a hollow term used here and very few actually get the help they need
Love how they are tryna make us learn about respect yet they arent even respecting other sexualities or other family structures.
Same here. We will be closing soon. Despite working like crazy and doing the best we could. it is 4 years gone.
Just look at the state of relationship in Singapore . obviously something wrong here .
This is unfortunately true. I just hope the time comes soon and we can make it soon if its possible.
, what can they do? At most call professionals to come catch the otters . If I lived there and saw security guards chasing otters, I'd pour myself a cup of tea and watch this once in a lifetime magic.
Like chiobu, people will forgive them, because too cute lar.
that is a very big one swinging towards half his cabinet colleagues eh. Also, SAP alumni like yours truly shan't get involved in this, and as spoken like a true helicopter, winking face
When you called gg easy in a game of mobile legends, but forgot that your opponent was right beside you I am being sarcastic
Singapore wants to follow Hong Kong and Beijing, and not follow other ASEAN countries.
INCOMING FICA TRYING TO INTERFERE WITH OUR FERTILITY RATE.
I am tired of this BS. Time to clamp down on this hard.
Not surprised if you see who's at 2 and 3. ( http
Interesting perspective. This seems different from the recent saga when a Singaporean Indian is scolding India Indian.
Problem is that the older generation healthcare professionals who have been through will complain strawberry generation
I do not go on social media much, but has there been a lot of people saying that it'll be racist to ban flights from X country?
as if they will. TT alr nv POFMA because its true
Send Mr Amrin to an SMC!! Heh, but I am looking forward for changes in Sengkang group representation constituency esp with (cowboy accent) a new town councilll
same and that kid even went to my secondary sch afterwards as well yikes
Many in the USA and UK are also willing to accept higher case numbers.
i feel like that one is different since he got brainwashed by an adult but yeah i rmb last year got a 14year old that killed his dad so my bad i forgot flushed face
Got into the final four with World No. 1, 2 and 3. Not to mention she managed to win the first set in the bronze match against World No. 3. She did us proud!
I think this is the first case of a murderer being a minor in Singapore? I wonder what will his charge be like.
I never thought about what happened to Maria Hertogh after the riots. Seems like her own life seemed to be one long continuous stretch of turmoil. Very sad. Thanks for sharing this.
Where does it say in the source that China has the highest % of stabbing deaths in the world?
Not surprised to be honest. it is been evident for a long time, and getting worse (.
Had a close university mate who tried to proselytise me gently. When the saga broke, defended it by saying do not you think it(the China wine part) was a great idea? We haven't spoken since.
I always do that when my minority peers tell me of their struggles
do not want to return trays and clear table after meals? I slap you with a stern warning or $300 fine do not want to get vaccinated during a global pandemic? Well, as you wish.
I like how the entire period of about 10 years of child/teenage life is just Y O you S T you D Y pretty god damn accurate
Jobless? Sure got nice job line up already, do not need to worry
My parents play the hell out of this game, I followed suit to spend more time with them on walks and what not, but yeah, people I run into at raids are all their age (middle aged 40+), very interesting.
A lot of people claim to be ineligible due to allergies, etc, and they can probably find a doctor who's willing to sign them off. This is a smarter move to corner them into making the decision themselves.
That I do not remember, but I am not surprised something like that happened.
This. This is the one that should be getting the 5000 upvotes.
did you just ignore the biggest religion here which is Buddhism? Buddhism is not against LGBTQ
actually, quite on the contrary. he is one of my favourite commentators so far on the Olympics and others on subreddit of Olympics share my opinion thaf he is an entertaining and funny commentator to listen to as well
one time they approached me when I was having a terrible day, and I think I told one of them no, screw off
if a meteor was about to land on your head you'd say oH sHiT that is a MeTeOr! too.
Agree with you generally. Anyway, just wanna let you know that both Germany and Italy have announced that they are open to implement SWIFT sanction.
Let's just say after hearing just about everyone interpreting all of China's actions in the worst possible light for 2 entire years, I am really skeptical about this, and will be adopting a wait and see attitude with this.
I chatted with the first few but after that I tell them I am rushing somewhere or that I prefer physical reads.
tell me we're in a lockdown without telling me we're in a lockdown.
Logically this implies area is open, because further notice cancels first one. Suggestion to see previous notice just emphasizes this.
Damn I hope he is okay. At least your hearts at the right place, people here do not give a shit and only care about themselves.
Make a new WhatsApp group chat but without Russia in it
PSA 2 people limit means dating is still a go. Just cannot going for dinner(food) dates
I feel like the rural poor from anywhere in the world will be incredibly similar.
have you seen before how many CCTV ( http there are on the MRT as well as the station itself?
I'd recommend the brand chocolate. Honestly one of the best chocolate bars I've tried.
Must be some weird algorithm thing going on, because my feed is full of Malaysians supporting Ukraine.
Version with sound http people who watch the Office will appreciate the sound version more Ok this gif is actually created for Malaysian audiences, so the school holiday references might be hard to understand for Singaporeans face with tears of joy
Tell them you are an insurance agent and ask them about their insurance coverage and then say you got a very good promo only $9,999 per year
Now a few thousand after getting posted all over social media
We went up the hill the look for them, should have just roam around the condos instead rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing rolling on the floor laughing
India has historically been non-aligned to superpowers. They only follow UN sanctions and did not enforce unilateral US sanctions on Iran until Trump twisted their arm and Modi wanted to remain BFF with him.
Actually the time and energy my friends spend on their kids makes me even more happy we went CF .
subreddit of Singapore fuck russia! war is terrible and atrocious. humanity needs much more morality. also subreddit of Singapore expects merdeka generation 70 year old politicians to engage in combat
If you have a boy you going to be supporting them till 25 at least when they finish university
Never explain anything and laugh at people when they get confused Hexadecacillionaire grindset
Of course, just take a look at the domestic helper situation. Disgusting people everywhere who think they are a class above the helpers, thinking that they own them.
I do not know about MMA, I trained in karate. More of sport than fighting. But those punches are real. He isn't arm punching
Right sign is mirrored from left sign, so yeah is photoshopped.
I would say if Lee Hsien Loong or Halimah stayed put defiantly like zelensky did they already have my respect. The opposite is the afghan president who ran the first chance he could with all the money
Wonder if they going to enjoy KOPIng at home from Oct 13 onwards
Just search Singapore covid la kopi on tele. Warning consume in moderation, may cause brain damage.
, . ( http Modernise a bit la.now no more USSR already.
Government always uses guidelines because they're too much of a pussy to anger companies with actual worker protection
Me reading this post about least amount of sleep at 1am when i need to wake up at 6am Oh
The more damning part was she said she saw Gomez submit the form and it being accepted.
Cb the Ukraine bombing can reach so far I am being sarcastic
Your grandmother did the right thing. All the so called allergies and conditions people keep trotting out are just unscientific excuses that antivax boomers tell themselves
they are SO lucky elections took place last year and not this year
East coast brudders will join us in 5 years time!
Back when life expectancy looked like this? http No thanks.
Wait this Ukraine guy is really going to win Nobel prize and have his own Netflix show at this rate
I play with him . Agreed that it is a bullshit policy.
Same here, but you are aware that objectively speaking we're in the minority, right?
Hey thanks for your thoughtfulness. I will refrain from advertising my store here. But the outlook is honestly bleak - during P2HA our revenues fell by around 70% even after exploring all options.
I thought he was humorous. It was fun listening to him go on and on. I mean, you usually turn off other commentators but this one was amusing to listen. To each his own entertainment )
http Pretty sure flahhh is the proper queens English pronunciation which we as Singaporean, and our education system, subscribe to. So it is actually the 'right' pronunciation get your facts straight brother
After. national service they still look at your grades and shit to see if you ossifer material.
Felt it as well. Been years since I last felt tremors due to nearby earthquake.
Oh boy those telegram groups are going to blow up.
do not mean to downplay your experience but it is even worse when you are an ex-Muslim. I am just thankful that I live in Singapore and do not have to worry about the religious police.
NYP Tammy still has a special place in my heart
really? I rmb i kena administrator fee tho i paid via the app. Maybe i remembered wrong
Just wanted to point out.They are giving the 50% discounts for car rental fees, not fares.
Or, if they have to wait an extra month to get the right tenant. it is 3.6k which is easily enough to do a deep clean and touch-up.
http does not seem like the diversity friendly tag is there anymore.
Well theres an alternative called Zirconia in case anyone is interested.
Wait there is additional administrator fees for credit card payments on grab? Is there an alternative?
brother not even ADHD people can get Adderall legally in Singapore
When grab and uber came in to disrupt the taxi industry, they were legitimately shit. Now hopefully they will keep grab in check and the cycle continues.
Fellow SPF fulltime national serviceman front desk have it rough man.
What's the use of millions in military aid when you have no land to fight on? At least for Ukraine they have the buffer to Kyiv. A strong military will allow us to neutralize the enemy before they strike.
Media portrayal is one factor, but I suppose it might also have something to do with the way some of the first gen post-Soviet Union leaders ran their individual countries, Russia included.
For everyone saying switching back to Comfort. it is a multi billion dollar company vs multi billion dollars company. it is a lose lose for us.
Good side is think of all the money you will save .
this guy is a Bruneian who loves to come here to stir shit
Jokes aside the dude is probably suffering from a serious mental illness. Cops could probably see that which is why they went for a non-lethal shot.
well if you disagree you can always go back to Russia expressionless face
My bad. But there are definitely reactionary idiots out there who'd write something along the lines of what you said without any sarcasm.
an account created 80 days ago? How much are the Russians paying you?
her tenacity inspires me!!! you are a real-life champion mengyu, thank you for persevering through everything and making Singapore so proud of you!
The global LGBTQ+ community should suspend travel to Singapore immediately.
This guy speaking only thing kept me from sleeping actually
, life can be good as long as you do not ever listen to the Vigilanteh.
Then what's the solution you suggest? This impasse - one way or another, something's gotta give.
Ukraine isn't small - it has a population of 44M.
Oh damn you are right, that Order of the Phoenix book spine is so distinct
Its almost like reddit does not represent the whole of singapore, does it?
oh my god pritam was right there, that must sound like an insult to him too!
Or for benefit of doubt, people who do not buy reddit awards and are just using up whatever giveaways they get.
Well ok this give me time to get vaccinated and live through the 2 week thing they have after getting a jab where they wont count you as vaccinated as per the prev instructions.
Our very own PM, 2 months ago, said that we're not under pressure to accelerate vaccine programme due to low community cases
As a multiracial society, English acts as the common language. It also helps us as a country that relies heavily on good international relationships.
Having children is really to satisfy the innate urge of nature, it shouldn't be an investment
damn 11 people downvote. Dude honestly, it sucks because Asian culture has very strong family bonds. So its hard to tell your parents/family stuff about you because you do not want them to be hurt or disown you.
Vivian continues to impress, on top of his homophobic slurs, selfies with dictators and general atasness.
Wow. Why? I do not quite understand the distinction. I am pretty sure nasty tenants aren't limited to just one race?
Reading your comments, do you actually love your husband tho?
Just know that you are in control. you can stop and if you do not like just walk. Always will be sales people around. Reject a few more times and you will be pro at this alr.
I am from The Netherlands, can confirm at least 8hrs a night. Also only 36h workweek.
Also, what? You know Singapore is supposed to be multicultural , right?
Reddit has always been an expert at deciphering context from short video clips. it is very easy to be the right person. when you aren't there.
For some reason the channel 5 commentator kept referring to Mima Ito as Mima-chan. This is super inappropriate, unless he knows her personally.
the solution to the restrictions not working? more restrictions! I am being sarcastic
This really caught me off guard when I saw it. Wonder what went down. Rest in peace.
in my opinion it is the management people who told the ministers thta they are coping well to score points. No one wants to be the bringer of bad news
Well, if I had a choice I'd look for another job but I cannot afford to, as I need the money.
How pathetic one's life can be to attack Russians in Singapore? I am so ashamed
I actually own one math hat and also third party yang gang tshirts. Participated in one of the event. Very cool, very inspiring.
it is a small task that requires no more than a few people, uploader literally cannot help with anything there. Why you all like to always say this?
So next time Putin type against in the search bar he will have a list of countries to nuke because everyone is against him, easy job
why Johor ? what if we're at war with Indonesia ? do we invade Johor just to regroup ?
The worst milk in the history of milks. Sticky, overly starchy and fake after taste to it, I do not know why would anyone buy HL
What food do they sell? And where is it located at? I'll patronise if I can make time, can dm me as well
It was a great run and absolutely something we are proud of
Yet there is an emergency order in affect that says employers can and will retract vacation if staffing needs cannot be met. Coping my ass. I have gotten out of nursing before I even finished my schooling.
Yeah I get it but it was all over the comment sections of multiple different platforms, but yeah I understand
Work in the fitness industry, not just my work is affected my own training is affected too very unfortunate.
Take care . I wanna give you a cyber hug sia
There's a branch in joo chiat too. Highly recommend trying out both light and dark kvass drink. Sproti when they have them in stock. Their pelmeni dumplings are good too.
What about those with valid reasons for not getting vaccinated? Feels like everyone is being penalised in some form or another by those who -- on their own accord -- insist on not getting vaccinated.
This happens to some extent in the you.S. as well. I live in a very well off area and if you are not from the area the older generation(adults) look down on you.
Image is one thing.but the people who do not mind doing the studies and being nurses are the ones who are leaving.who are telling their friends and family about their struggles.
Textbook takedown. Standing apart, one shot, rush in when suspect down. Everyone gets to go home safe, except the stupid fella playing stupid games. Not easy making the decision to shoot, knowing there's civilians in the background.
It was due to us being part of Malaysia, as the whole of Malaysia synced its time with Sabah and Sarawak.
Wait till someone claims that the Government will put the vaccine in the mosquitoes and set them free around the estates of the unvaccinated folks.to get them vaccinated through that method face with rolling eyes
Hey, it is just a high risk military exercise that happens to involve thousands of casualties.
Like clockwork, subreddit of singapore manages to include the Women's Charter into the conversation.
Thanks! I was looking at the cna one originally. VB is outta line w this and I hope someone will call him out in parliament over his misconduct
My point is they can take every part of the country within a day or two if they wanted, no matter what we field in the country's defense.
ST just reported MINDEF to consider scaling back, but you know, NDP is more important than anything else in the world so we will still have it to some degree. Majulah!
This young man has earned enough swag to last two lifetimes
What happens to those unvaccinated people working in a mall? Are they still allowed to go to work?
Foreign power invading vs internal civil conflict, neither is correct but not sanctioning against the Junta does not take away from speaking up against Russia.
IMAGINE THROWING A MINISTER TO A NEW group representation constituency JUST TO LOSE
As the SAF likes to say, 7 hours of uninterrupted REST. Not even sleep, but REST .
its ok brother you take that shit use it as motivation, work hard and make her eat her words. Success is the best revenge.
he was former BG from Guards. And from what I heard, a damned good soldier. I think hes one of the few among the cabinet who was actually a decent soldier/leader in uniform.
my boy out here tryna start the occupy movement in Singapore
Even India has repealed that law .and they have shit ton more religions than us.
Innocent until proven guilty else it breaches doxxing laws and would potentially prevent him getting a fair trial, though this is pretty cut and dry.
The phone number is included in the pic. Wouldn't hurt to call it and find out
When I saw this, first thought was fuck Elson Lee man
What a class act. Her insta captions are quite humourous too
Easy to kill all the f&b businesses when you are still collecting your Government paycheck each month
How well is well is subjective. To the minister his bench mark is very different from the ground (as expected). Thought ministries like to conduct suvery to seek feedback from the ground? Is there a survey conducted for the healthcare worker?
Work is demanding not just at the estart but until your late 50s. With people being laid off in their 40s, etc you will constantly be stressed to prove yourself
Exactly. Funny how everyone is talking like comfort are altruistic heros who are doing this for free. They have screwed taxi drivers for so many years.
Maybe SCDF could recruit these fellas to help with some rescues.
I never understand the point of such snide remarks. What you suggesting? Close MRT and buses or only allow vaccinated people to take MRT and buses?
'Coloured classmates'? I was with you for the most part given that my relations with other races are much like yours (jiak kentang, was ostracised by fellow chinese). Still, your teminology leaves something to be desired
Plus sake champagne. And whatever else the hell they want.
Capable enough to impress Singaporeans, not capable enough for me. But I work with and recognize talent only at the highest caliber.
Unsurprising. I personally know a number of people being called up to join the party. All cut from the same cloth with the same elitist views.
yep I see what you mean Harmonic mean perhaps?
No there's several. The highest profile was the 15 year old kid who killed Anthony Ler wife in 2002.
Yeah but they do not know that, so it isn't true
http How to interpret this? In-person tuition and enrichment classes can continue with class sizes of up to 50, but groups must be capped at two. Max class size of 2 pax?
This is some of the dumbest shit yall have posted here
Singapore needs to scrap all covid restrictions and mandates soon before society falls apart
Yah, so much about coping well . do not know who they listen to, I guess anyone but the people on the ground
The pandemic isn't over, it is capitalism that wants to move on.
She's a legit software engineer now. She moved on and there are better porn out there now
And where exactly do you fire this warning shot so It cannot hit someone and kill them?
I mean in this context there is no real reason to remove this post since it is not fake news/threat to National security so I was wondering how the Government might deal with this rolling on the floor laughing
They knew what they were in for and they did it anyway to take a stand, that is brave
it does not smell like m o n e y Pecunia non olet!
It takes quite some persistence to maintain backward ideologies like Singapore does.
Yeah man. But it would be nice to let these fake people feel what fuck-you money is like.
it is all about pleasing the big multinationals, those who keep the powerful in their positions. Nobody cares about the family cornershop, small business owner or freelancer.
Seems like a good business case to buy a couple screens at home. 7.5 hrs a week, times 52 weeks a year in saved time, I'd do it in the blink of an eye!
They can just send a plane and take their citizens out of a doomed situation if war ever comes to us.
None of those countries were annexed or had annexation attempts on them
Expiring HDB leases is going to be a ticking time bomb for the next generation. They're going to inherit those units that they will need to hand back to the Government.
Who gave this comment gold . Workplaces got affected too or did you only read the article title
Wow this is a Singapore meme farm. Also if we have to raise a fella like him up to an icon, sure says something about what we all want but cannot have
it is ok to cry. pensive face Just make sure to wash your hands first and not to touch your face directly when wiping the tears.
Yet at the first sign of trouble. lockdown!!!! . This lack of iron to push through the measures is getting frustrating.
Yup, every kid usually goes to school with a prepared lunch by their parents. I remember the first thing my mom would do in the morning was to defrost the sandwiches so they were edible by lunch time.
I'll go upstairs to work out and then recover by eating downstairs
Ya, one uncle asked me to his . But the was saggy.
Yes, I think you should. It is very well written
open up the purse They need more goods and services tax to help the poor. Poor minister, have to keep telling people that.
the talk about all schs are good schs now too
Say goodbye to natural ventilation Springdalers. If I were you, I'd still for your information ping to ACRES. Cutesie video today, property destruction tomorrow, all in the name of foraging.
Which part of need the economy to make more money you do not understand?
holy shit how do people act like saying she instead of whatever your pronoun is , the same as torture
The giga-chadness of this boy cannot be sufficiently expressed by any greek letter.
Definitely, why do not we ban your flights to other countries too
Nowadays I wear earphones and pretend I do not hear them and just walk past them shaking my head no slightly I am so sorry you had to go through such an experience (
I truly feel sorry for people who think their lives are made up of decisions or choices of others.
that is the ideal, but knowing the afraid to lose mentality it would thinks it is quite unlikely.
I like coconut oil, it is delicious. Smells like a Pin colad
I'd eat plenty just to be tired after 2 minutes on the treadmill
Pass IPPT important also or else become BBFAs. ICT i hope SAF can make it more fun. But its good for networking.
Agreed, y-axis should start at 0% and end at 100%.
Go watch the other video. Its very clear, the Tan See Leng did not switch off the mic, on several occasion. If the mic is off, the red light will not be lit.
Honestly, which LGBTQ person looks at San Fran, the queer capital of the US if not of the whole world, and says No, you know what, I'd rather work and live here, in Singapore
Anyone went there before? Is the equipment enough? Any trainer there?
Oh damn, do you have an article on that? Also hey fello futurama fan )
Ya i made a reservation after reading this news. Suddenly craving for dumplings.
Get well soon. Try some similar home workout. No choice
From what I personally know, most are just pretending to be rich, you can achieve a modicum of success by being brutal but there's usually a lot of hidden opp costs that people do not see (relationships, family etc)
because the average subreddit of Singapore user is in fact not Singaporean
Think of it as less of a loss and more of a step towards a win. Look at how close they were even with HSK in the People's Action Party team. Next election maybe?
I haven't been but I recommend looking for fried garlic bread
brother it is poisonous if I see that shit I will run away from that
Agreed. Now shouting for the rest of the world's help in the aftermath and making himself look like the ultimate victim.
That is why we need to be the generation that change this and treat everyone better than how we are being treated by the entitled people.
Reminded me of the locally-made movie Fifteen by Royston Tan. http
Damn. Genuine efforts also must give award. sigh i should reduce my I am being sarcastic too. Prayers for everyone involved
You can see the same thing for YT. Look at any comment section of a CNA or Straits times video and its just complaining & toxicity.
If a woman down with periods, do such bosses ask for used tampons and sanitary pads to prove sick leaves? face with tears of joy
Which was probably why George Yeo simply yeeted off to Hong Kong to live a happy life. Power to him, but Singapore lost a good MP that day.
it is not luck they called for elections last year
The one with coupons that we had to sell? I do not remember ever seeing any results being published.
Good, a Government that does not have freedom of speech and does not protect minorities is not my Government.
I wouldn't trust NSFs to do shit Source was once an fulltime national serviceman
Send children to buy groceries, train independence in covid era, big brain move
TNP saying former minister Toh Chin Chye committed a hit and run when it was another person who also named Toh Chin Chye.
Delays in build-to-order because no workers. Resale flat prices will increase.
Life in Singapore as a male is worse than a cockroach eh?
Golden orb weaver I think, not particularly dangerous but absolutely intimidating.
Walao eh, the 13 Y.O. boi boi just wanted to use the toilet only. R.I.P crying face
I see it as a triple win for WP. They gained 4 new seats in parliament, retained their Aljunied Hougang stronghold and that the party's renewal is a success.
I would even argue that intensive care unit numbers are meaningless especially when compared to the socioeconomic costs of further lockdowns.
nobody gave a damn about the syrians, iraqis, palestines, is it because they have blonde hair and blue eyes?
Pretty sure I am a heavy contributor for the Dutch
Thanks so much you tekopeks! Because of your horniness and 10 mins of pleasure, everyone is suffering now!
did not feel anything in Simei. Maybe higher floors feel it? I am on the 8th. Fianc is in serangoon on the 9th and did not feel anything either.
Can a person sexual preference get influenced, or is it inborn? If sexual preference can be influenced, conversion therapy would have been seen as overwhelmingly effective.
If you have no shame and no morals you are a little bitch and will probably end up in a ditch
http $880,000 to build a rubbish bin center for the National Arts Council
INTERFET http Thanks. I am not aware of Singapore's participation. Though I have to say that my hypothetical question is not similar to this as Indonesia had given permission for the Operation.
I've walked away from them countless of times. No ragrets
that is mid executive-level here in Indo D with similar hours of job
Thank you. I am not entirely well-read on Russia and Ukraine's situation to make a informed opinion. Hand-waving, I would say Russia's correct response is carrot and stick . Obviously, the stick is not an invasion. that is a knife.
Literally just across the street from Lakeside MRT, gotta milk it for what it is worth . Being 1 stop away from JE is probably worth quite a bit as well
I think I am retarded. I felt not a single shake
The deposit should cover the ability to deep clean. Otherwise yes, increase deposit to protect yourself and not let stereotypes define the landlord. Not all Indians cook.
it is not coping well because a little bit of fever only and people start to panic and go to a&e or clinic. Its a mentality problem.
This will be the designated megathread for the Phase 2 announcement - variations of the same content may be removed.
Easy to track, police just needs to know time and date on the train and can narrow down to find the suspect.
a bunch of seashells and crabs, lots of dirt, rocks and foliage
Please take care, its really traumatising. Do seek help from the adults around you if you cannot bear the emotional and mental stress.
Reported you to SGSecure for threatening the moral fabric of our society with your vulgar username. At least you'll get one free kopi. I am being sarcastic
Still as bad, given the whole all school is a good school thing, as long as the part on RI is clearly mentioned, pretty hard to wiggle his way out of it
When the board is picking up the sound of the train's engine
Laws are made by people. people are imperfect. Therefore laws can also be imperfect. people can also change and adapt. Therefore laws can also be adapted.
Lets not forget our recent (s)elected presidency. only a party with a bulletproof mandate can do such things like calling people madam president before the candidacy is announced what the fuck
Si ginna play dota at night then no time to sleep, still dare to blame work. Later i force you work 996 then you know
Also do not forget the regular skill training camps and leisurely annual company retreat. in the lush green forests.
average live expectancy in Singapore is 83, so most will not have met their maker by the age of 70. Assuming you do not get any life debilitating illness in ur 50s/60s.
Only ok enough to be useful cogs in the economy.
wonder if people are going to cancel their staycations that most have booked for the June hols period now.
to be honest I also do not think it is that bad. Other f&b places 2.2k 5 days a week 9hr shifts same same if you count how much more siong 6 vs 5 is
I thought the merlion will munch on the otters. Circle of life.
Not sure if it works, but call the bank and report it as a fraudulent transaction and request for a new card.
Sumiko Tan and ex Police Commissioner (Goh Yong Hong )?
. 1 year ago apply for healthcare but nv get anything/news from them
Sir are you trying to make them more efficient? Hush now.
Next time give them the norwegian 200kr Bill, whit a cod on it.
Yeah moving forward should be a comprehensive framework to review students' and teachers' emotional stability and mental health. Need a safety net before the lockdown even happens.
This is not like elections in the 80s and 90s where People's Action Party say liao means its the truth. They still wouldn't be convinced otherwise. Insert Patrick Star Wallet Meme
banning of commercial flights will not be eternity.its only a few weeks.
Putin was hoping for a speedy and peaceful settlement courtesy of the Russian army.
i do hope all our citizens are all safe out there in india. folded hands i also hope and pray india can get through this hard times.
http this just blew up , the link to this reddit is there too edit Updated the link as the initial post on MSN was deleted.
To those commenting on this Ignore him. Bunch of similar accounts following the same naming format (xxxx-xxxxx , two words and one string of 4-digit numbers) are on subreddit of worldnews trying to hijack and mislead conversations on the Russia-Ukraine conflicts.
http Probably gets filtered out by the self-censoring administrator staff though.
Dude the chinese love to send their people to die do not try them
We need to serve national service, but 2 years (or 1 year 10 months) is really too long.
Yea i have no appetite for whatever only we can defend ourselves bla bla bla bullshit. Just let me neet alone if i die i die i do not wanna shoot people over geopolitical bullshit
You want to kill a animal beneficial to the environment minding its own business for what sia
A few nurses who have left have recommended Australia. You need at least Master's (specialization) though for a good chance! (Nursing)
A song from a 1997 Indian Movie shot in Singapore. Singapore looks as modern as today ( http
lets import people from countries where covid19 is out of control what could possibly go wrong thinking face
In a democracy, the leadership is chosen by the citizens, the only way to replace it, is to replace the citizens.
Probably because before you arrest someone for causing hurt, you need probable cause and it was easier to arrest him for public nuisance and figure out the assault investigation later. End of the day, same result.
Does this means kids under age 12 cannot enter malls?
I am sorry to say but not all weddings are like this. Some weddings are super cheap and less extravagant. Then it comes down to individual not Singaporeans.
I so want to stand up an applaud. Alas, it would be weird to do that in my living room by myself.
Government has been telling people to remain calm for 5 months now. At some point, they need to stop shitting themselves every time someone sneezes
congrats on making page 2 of subreddit of all! was surprised to see a subreddit of singapore post there
Gyms closed but weddings of more than 100 people are still allowed.these policies make absolutely no sense
Time stamps are 9 47 55-9 48 05 and 9 49 15-9 49 25 of the MCI livestream on YouTube.
Yeah, anti-colonial/decolonial sentiment is revived and sustained against the Western values boogeyman. And there's also an intersection of class here - progressive Singaporeans that can advocate cast as out-of-touch bougies that do not know the bread-and-butter life of the real Singaporean trade mark
Singapore is a tax haven on par with the Caymans or Jersey and has a business environment on par with London. It attracts the unsavory types because of the ease of doing business and the low taxes.
I just firmly shake my head and walk on. Ignore whatever technique they use to attract you.
The US is a signatory of the Ottawa Convention. What are you on about?
Defence is an important deterrence. Our defence is based mainly on conscripting our local population. Total number of females males and birth rate has long been decreasing. ( http Male to female ratio is decreasing. ( http When will things change? ( http
I was just addressing the comparison to under-12s. I agree that it is not a straightforward calculus and that there are significant downsides to this policy.
Good luck! Love to see more Singaporeans getting into the gaming industry!
How to sleep when some of us need to stay awake to make some delicious tendies (either that or fail) on GME?
The 18% will continue to place a disproportionate strain on the health system, so reducing that percentage is helpful.
Nah I definitely do not, 20 other people seem to agree with my earlier statement
Fuck this shit. I cannot believe they have zero vision on how to return to normal.
you are raising a separate issue. Whether you think it is feasible to prosecute such offences in the first place, the fact is the AG is now not allowed to without prior notice of a change of policy. that is an improvement.
the teacher face is pissed as fuck. That eye can kill
thank god? more like thank that dude holding that umbrella.
You vote the WP into parliament, you still get the People's Action Party candidates as grassroots advisors so your estate still improved. Arguably more so since they would want to win your vote back. Win win win!
Can confirm. it is still pretty popular among uncles and aunties.
If only we have a strong press that can call bullshit on the healthcare system is coping well . I wonder why is it that even the opposition is not sounding out this.
I think these people need a memo for their workplace eventhough according to Ministry of Health the positive result serves as the memo (source from Ministry of Health website)
They(the residents/voters and the WP team in Sengkang) pulled it off. Kudos to them.
So hilarious guys. My wife cannot take the shot and has to follow up a surgery in a mall, now she cannot enter the clinic. Well planned .
If you are middle class you will forever struggle, to say nothing of lower class. same as everywhere else ba
from a member of the younger generation to LTK o7
The cost of the resilience / whatever packages far outweighs the costs of a dozen flights. Singapore can afford it if it means avoiding another lockdown.
All the hot pot satay etc joints are going to mati again
So that people have time to fix their planned outings to 5 people only. rolling on the floor laughing Also I feel if it is immediate not everyone will be aware on time and use that as an excuse if get caught
A Circuit Breaker would help. Hardly any illness during that glorious period of good health
ye! it is was quite a surprise honestly. I did not know there would be anyone who want to spend money on a gold toilet.
Oh for sure man!. Lee Hsien Loong n Halimah will be the first to charge! But they will be working from home.
True! I do not care about the points either. but I just do not want the sub to be crowded out with poor quality comments or wrong information.
I promise I won't force it on you 3 beers later Hey let's colonise and invade some countries in God's name!
Go police station with knife? I am not sure, but pretty sure that is suicide by cop.
If not urgent please go to your GP! Or an Urgent Care Clinic (ik Admiralty has one). Because if it does not concern life and death you'll be triaged to be not a priority case.
How can you threaten them with getting rabak by public, then wonder why people do not say it out loud in public? Your last sentence is your answer.
An even bigger irony Part of the Ukraine national guard is made up of the Azov Battalion, which is a far-right extremist and neo-nazi unit. I do not how that works under a Jewish president, but it somehow does
to be honest, I got no shame also. I have no qualms dangling my son in front of in-laws and parents and saying Look at this cute boy then let them fill in the blanks.
It looks quite real. It also looks really warm and stuffy because the AC for green line usually not working
it is actually illegal to (overly aggressively) proselytize here (in Singapore). I think it is enshrined in Racial Harmony acts. Also, that Malay abang did you a real solid. do not think the other guy was in his right mind.
India and Indians are trying to play victim by whipping out racism card but being selfish pricks at the same time infecting every other countries by flying in and out. Government is at fault for allowing this too.
True. I wonder what sort of Islam he believed in. I am betting it would be the equivalent of American Hillbilly Jesus who saved America from the Mexicans in 1812 by the massacring of Injuns or something equally fascinating and horrific.
that is because the idiotic millions thought they were special and invincible and could have attained herd immunity. Sweden was already the case study, and yet millions of idiots still thought they had true superpower. Truly india's bull/cowshit superpower?
Okay? One right deed does not right our wrongs, but our past wrongs do not nullify the good that we do
what the fuck I am damn annoyed. I barely went out for these few months, and had plans to dine out with SO for our first anniversary this Friday. And things are ruined again (
Yeah same watched part 1 and part 2. I think Jack Neo divided the movie into 2 parts. I lost interest after that.
This. People's Action Party moved HSK in a desperate attempt (pressured by the Nicole Seah effect?) to defend East Coast and the result was still this close. I am sure they have a lot to reflect on.
OP call your bank and cancel the transaction, the funds havent settled yet. (I assume in your post when you said you contacted them that you were referring to storytel)
In chinatown and did not feel anything, but then again i had just woken up and am really blur in the morning
It was bad when i was commuting to the city in 2015 but goddamn Singapore chinese this is endemic and it will only get worse if you do not do something.
it is easy to talk cock, sing song but not play the actual mahjong. Most of us will rant and rant but not actually do the actual deed of uninstalling it.
I know we're all going to criticise the bystanders for doing nothing (for all I know, maybe someone did help but it wasn't captured), but I am curious, how many of us are actually willing to go in and help?
T - Terminated which is what you get for cheating
Not going to lie, I looked around for a minute or two for the middle finger, then I realise I was looking for the wrong finger.
Phase 2.5 (In the 26 minutes that I wrote this, it has already aged poorly)
do not know if it fits here but Hotel New World.
Do you know a place where I can sail the high seas and stream it for free? I wanna see how bad it is without giving Jack Neo a single cent
I went to the GP to tell him about how my Koffing was evolving into Weezing
do not have to share openly on reddit, just DM me. I won't say, i just want to avoid them.
That is CGH right? I remember TTSH not near longkang
Malaysians and Singaporeans are the same people. Culturally linguistically the same
Only when you livestream parliament will you get to see this pop out. Not some 'highlights' that are selected and cut off where convenient
Lemme put this on the back burner. Will share thoughts once I can structure a string of coherent paragraphs. Now I am just trying my best to take care of my mental health and not get sick.
Same here. We went to watch just to see how accurate it was. Melodrama. But it was fine. Highlight was my gf and other female friends trying to gain some perspective of army life. did not watch the others.
Government it is call national serviceman not NSWOMEN understand? knock it down 20
This isn't TTSH, this is the ICA building over at Lavender MRT.
i hate religious extremists because of the sense of entitlement and righteousness to tell people what to do. if you are not breaking any laws, and doing things that are socially acceptable, then people should just leave you alone.
very wholesome and local. thanks for sharing and beautiful work!
I do not know why, but I honestly believed that this kind of crime did not exist in Singapore.
Something someone being married to the wrong person for the wrong reasons
Thought i was imagining it. Felt it in woodlands as well.
Man I really hope it does not affect my coming interview this week, this sucks man
Huh, so that is why Luke Skywalker was drinking green milk in The Last Jedi. It was a warning hiding in plain sight
Please do not speculate anything. There are many parents still worried about the whole situation. Please wait out for credible news sources.
So much for the argument there will be less stress if the kids do not need to take the o levels
Well at least the unvaccinated persons (whether by choice or by medical reasons) still can takeaway from hawker centres and coffee shops. So it is not that disadvantageous for them
I feel cheated that I've cycled past this place countless times but decided not to post it here, thinking no one would be interested in it.
0 its contract work so ya. Just to let you know.
No we do tho, we sanction against Russian for not respecting sovereignty. This is a sensitive issue for Singapore, as we can relate our situation to Ukraine as we are the underdogs here.
i think the healthcare thing isnt the problem of citizens but policy makers. they dictated our behaviour and should have catered resources for the response.
should try CDG's new lifestyle app too called zig clean user experience/ user interface with rides, eat/drink and deals combined not paid to promote
Got money buy ipad no money buy 9 dollar earphones. Damn annoying
I think the 5th pic is vodka beside some juice.
Yeah, the thing about religion is that often, it isn't an intentional scam. Everyone is just mistaken/deluded
Compared to many other parts of the world. I would say that I am blessed.
Mad respect to the police officer for managing to hit only a non vital part of the assailant whilst under such a situation. So many factors to consider especially with actual civilians in the background and not a concrete wall
But this isn't even classified information, it is on national tv for all to see. Oh well poor boy
Short term GDP more important to me because it is my KPI. Who cares if GDP sucks in 20 years because the current young generations get covid. Not my problem. I am being sarcastic
I love The Office so much and have watched this episode multiple times that I can actually here all the lines even when theres no sound face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
Such a reactive step. The Government could have taken preventive steps. But nooo. We need to maximize our GDP at all cost.
What' the rule on transport? Taxi/buses only can have 1 driver and 1 passenger? Train at most 2 people? Technically it is still social gathering.
Yeah I am terrified of losing that spark. Hence all the more that ive to care for myself first and well enough before caring for others.
I sure hope the hosts paid them a damn good sum of money for helping them film their videos
Alas, historical data show that this person will likely end up worse with the winnings squandered/wasted/stolen, and with no job.
cannot even buy a bottle of 100 plus from my school canteen with only a dollar.
Imagine bringing up an education status from 40 years ago. Seriously, who give a fuck
I wouldn't say that it trivialised national service since Recruit Ken Chow's whole character arc was him maturing from being a spoilt brat into a man during his time in Tekong
2nd summer break with essentially a 2nd circuit breaker. what did my batch do to deserve this
Exactly, I see having opp as running away from the outcome that is the USA.
spend whole day on com do job search, rest to play game for a while and my dad walk past, Son, ar why you no put in effort find job, whole day play game nia.
in this thread Young people speculating that old people who already MR long ago would not take part in combat.
I also have doubts over the story but it never said he too busy till cannot go home. Just that playing safe choose not to go home.
Old foggies like me have to Google these 2 YP words to find out what they mean
Nothing unites a country quicker and better than a 3rd party causing trouble. Look at Zelenskyy. He went from an extremely unpopular leader to becoming a national hero within a day.
That kid has balls of fucking titanium, caning is encouraged in their schools apparently ( http So metal!
Main problem i had was the two officers standing opposite each other. Extremely dangerous if they missed
Are you saying there are no biological differences between the sexes?
As an Indian I only have to say this, WHY HAVEN'T YOU BANNED IT YET? seriously, you should ban all the flights and not put your lives at risk. Stay safe.
It used to be part of the mainland but somehow tectonic shift broke the land off and moved it aaaaaall the way here. Or maybe it is not tectonic shift but the work of Avatar Kyoshi.
Thailand took a side in World War Two, they sided with Japan and signed a military alliance treaty. If not, the bicycles hard to come down south and British held Burma will be hard to attack.
Yo what the fuck commenting so I can get updates on this
Welcome to backwards conservative ideas, where the standards are double and the rules only matter if they only apply to people I do not like.
If I have to pay for the service the cent still goes to Jack Neo
Yup even the guys who had their plane shot out of the air by the Russians aren't doing anything
I took the PFA course from John's Hopkins. Definitely recommended - I took it since I've been involved with disaster relief and humanitarian aid, but honestly the intro course is as useful as doing a basic first aid program.
Whoa it is been so long since I last visited India Back than it was only 35 rupees to 1 sgd
If I am not mistaken this is the same channel that made a video of Indian villagers trying the Samyang spicy noodles for the first time. It was hilarious watching them figure out how to use chopsticks
it is comforts own fault. They had such a huge monopoly but did not even bother trying to innovate. Good that there is competition now, maybe won't be so complacent
hilarious. I love this show!! Great job done .
At this point I think there are really just 7 good faith anti-vaxers in there.
If it is not recorded and on MRT, it will be brush off as civil case.
Good stuff. Citymapper features in a very modern user interface. Hope they have a plan to branch into private hire cars too.
At first I thought Russia is aiming us for our sanctions.then I read the other comments here
I suspect crowdfunding money to pay fines and defamation awards will be banned soon.
Indeed. In fact we should support them instead, given they are anti-war. But I do think it is correct to shun those who do support the invasion.
For those who are making jokes please stop. This is not funny, someone just died and we should not be laughing at someone's death
Americans sing teardrops on my guitar. Singaporean sing teardrops on my tys.
people who are going to die from covid are going to die from covid. it is a matter of time because no-one is going to be able to escape exposure to the disease.
Yes it is in line with their policy towards Chinese diaspora. http
So do most of the UN unfortunately. Reunification is fait accompli. Just a matter of a peaceful one or a violent one.
Teaching kids about sexually transmitted diseases is very important. Why do you think it is not important?
If a group of chiobu come to my pool to swim and eat my koi's I'll be ordering koi sashimi and joining them. No questions asked.
Some people pointed out that his creativity dipped after his affair scandal.
Yes. We did not know it was likely for covid to incubate for so long. Now we do. If we want to be super safe we can stay on CB forever. That will be the safest.
We were repeatedly told to be vigilant while they relax on country entry.
I went to google it and yeah sounds like a taser . No muzzle flash also (thanks battlefield).
Thanks for helping me unlock a childhood memory that I forgot I had. I still remember watching other kids play with this, but not actually owning one myself
During that time 600k was a shit ton of money. Source my grandfather went bankrupt and sold his landed property for 600k during the same year
Yeah exactly. I try to tell my mother to tone it down, but its hard when shes been doing it for decades.
Is it possible to have food delivered to the hospital? Or have someone employed at the hospital make food runs? There's no reason for those workers to go hungry, good god
The funny thing is, becoming less Islamic is really not a bad thing . before Muslim bashing accusation, I say the same for all religion.
actually happened at around 2pm, my friends told me even before the news broke out edit sorry do not pofma me, from the whatsapp image spreading around seems to have happened at 11 45am
to tell you that not all humans are equal, obviously?
No one wants an outbreak, Government included. No one goes 'ok now looks like a good time to be lax instead of doing the usual'
The main difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has limits.
She'll feel better as long as she does not know as much about a foreign culture as her own and thus does not know how bad it can be.
Actually it was a opposition catchphrase for YEARS in the past.
In fact it is the US that pressured Indonesia to drop their Russian jet purchase and buy US and French jets instead.
commentator rly said Japan is the host That mima likes the most Would you like some toast brother
Just do these - only those who are fully vaccinated for over 2 weeks, and or have exemption signed by a registered medical doctor can dine in - jail for fake vaccination or exemption status edit minor fix
Imagine being 60 and still getting hung up on secondary schools loudly crying face
I am outraged, not because I think he should serve in the regular army just like the rest of us, but because he managed to successfully chao keng where I couldn't.
You'll be surprised, but some younger people are not taking the vaccine also. Government has to come down hard and use the stick by segregating non-vaccinated and vaccinated at some point.
I hope Singapore would join the Swift ban like Japan just did.
it is not rude to not listen to them. You have no obligation to stop and entertain them.
The OP is talking about leadership on the field in the face of adversity.
This leaves a really sour taste right now considering the recent racial divides happening in our country. Oh well, at least I can find reassurance in the fact that those kids have probably grown up and matured
Meanwhile, the angmohs are already moving on with their lives and dropping mask mandates.
And then when your tenant cannot pay rent, both of you end up on the street. cannot believe how quickly people forgot 2008
given the risk of missing, surprised they did not opt for taser first
The most relevant question is how not to get killed if you are a fulltime national serviceman/NSman?
yea tough judgement call for them, easy to criticise sitting at home. high risk situation for everyone around.
Seriously this!! My friend in SK queued over an hour to vote.
What specifically did they say when they were making fun of you?
actually i watched an edited clip of the movie on tiktok, leading me to learn that he IS now the president. soooo that is cool, learning new things everyday
the fact that she made it to olympics is just amazing!
Marriage and kids are not a necessity. it is just something that we are conditioned to believe
it is not about restrictions and loosening measure. The cause of high influx is because of the confusing protocols and fear especially on children. Further more, healthcare worker are not immune to the virus.
you are overestimating their self-awareness brother Besides, you know People's Action Party will never let a good crisis go to waste and spin up a lesson to fit their narrative/moral of story.
. Warning shot is allow in SOP and officers do not shoot to kill. I guess desk fulltime national serviceman also can claim they serve SPF and know everything.
If being nice to these people results in you not being nice to yourself then that is not worth it all. Hopefully this can help you shed that mentality
I saw the advertisement for locum and realised how shortchanged permanent staff are.
Why do you say that you would gain more weight in Singapore though? Also, when you say you did not go through the same CB as us do you mean you were overseas?
is this what it feels like to get noticed by a senpai?
Most are in the early 20s university students while one of them is in his 40s. Probably many others would want to join them but did not had the courage to risk it
We'll go thru 14 million possibilities. We are only at scenario 4 so far. Buckle up
brother. Christians have to deal with people like Iris koh everyday. it is a universal thing that the more enlightened one thinks he/she is, the more of a nutjob they become.
I asked my friend if she could see the otters eating the koi and she asked me Is it actually the drink
VCH is not arrestable unless its in view of a PO. But how is this not VCGH which is most definitely arrestable? Look at the moves
yes, so just treat suspects (not even prisoners) however you like la. Because they have no rights.
Wonder why Indian people would face a worse situation here. Where did the virus orginate from again?
I dated a woman from Singapore. She would say the most racist hateful things completely unprovoked.
I ASK AGAIN, 2 + 2 - 7 EQUALS WHAT
Must be very inspirational to all the tiktokers Soon more opportunity for reach in 10min and win this 50cents expired snickers I got from value dollar
I had these guys coming onto me as well, I just said I was a bankrupt individual and walked free
As a Singaporean who moved to Australia, I will be eternally grateful to my parents who let me do this. Coming back to Singapore and seeing what my friends have been up to has been a little depressing
She did it out of love. Hope those 2 turn out negative but that too some take a few days to detect. Nevertheless it will be a relieve if they turn out negative. Hope all goes well.
circumvent the UN security council your country veto'd the decision there - you see the problem?
Not easy to insult so many at one go. Heng Swee Keat, Chan Chun Sing, Ong Ye Kung, K Shanmugam and Desmond Lee all from RI. Not forgetting Lee Kuan Yew, GCT and even our first President, Yusof Ishak.
This feller turned out to be what many MAGA followers hoped Trump would turn out to be. Instead . person shrugging light skin tone
These religious cocknuts watch too many preacher youtube videos and think they can apply it to real life. Lack of critical thinking mixed in mysiticism and you get this shitshow. Sorry that happened to you.
Yeah I know, I am just stating this fact for people who think that they will bail Singapore when shit hits the fan, that is all. Just to stand up for their loyalty.
Pasir Ris 9 40am my chair was swaying, checked earthquake news, one in West Sumatra reported, 6.2 Magnitude.
allowing one side to flagrantly violate international law and then claim international law to lambast others' response is called getting played like a fiddle . Either you are naive or you are a Putinist.
Such strong words from a such a small speck in the world. This is something worth fighting & dying for.
Big international law guy over here face with tears of joy What does international law say about invading smaller, democratic countries to try to grab territory and/or install a puppet regime?
Agreed. Live long and prosperous. Until of course our specie dies out and we get replaced by other colonies that procreated instead. Also since there is no one to inherit our vast wealth, it will be taken by the Government't.
Then if he going 2 weeks ago? Did anyone know the extent? If your fathers last wish is at stake you won't go?
the aunties/uncles here in Singapore. boy is the secret technique to get someone else to throw raid balls for you so your hands can get a break after tapping so much.
So does it means people connect to covid directly at the first reaction
Please take care of yourself, and look out for your fellow schoolmates too TT. It must be a really overwhelming and tiring day.
Most has a Diploma level education, the norm is $1900-2100. University level graduate is around $3200-3500. So this is typically on a higher end due to the lower education requirement. However, the work life balance is presumably not ideal
tent Damn the victim is 99% dead at this point
Yeah a lot of parents are terrible. Somehow it seems the good character people are less inclined to procreate.
Remember Mahathir? We almost got into war with Malaysia too.
Yeah, plus isn't desertion during war time sentenced to death?
Momentum slowing as the %increment is decreasing . But then again is Ong Ye Kung, later he jinx again.
it is only a gesture expected of Singapore. Our exports to Russia is tiny. The specific items Bala mentioned is even more miniscule .
True true and sorry to write in a Sunday so late, could you have this done my Monday8am
Think did not expect suicide charge. They must be readying for a group rush and take down or prevent him from running situation.
The style and footwork of the fellow .he/she is a pro
Kudos for being so calm despite what just happened. Your school mates will probably find your attitude reassuring. Stay safe in the meantime.
Gyms with 10-20 people? Shut it down too risky. Religious gathering with 100 people untested? What could go wrong!
the fan is off because bad grades then you do not deserve fan
homosexual is only men on men according to them? that is beyond 'outdated'. that is literally 'wrongdated'.
Here for the rare optimistic comment. Almost all the others paint such a depressing outlook.
it is stupid. Apparently it is so bad they need to close down for 3 weeks. but we'll wait 4 days to enforce it? Makes no sense
you know the rules, parker.with great powers comes great responsibilities.
Grab You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
No, the encik handbook says must flood the a&e to get only hospital-issued MC.
Surprised SIN hasn't finished vaccinating everyone. Figured they'd have been much farther along.
Nope. The Queen/RP most certainly does not call it flahhh, and certainly not with the flat intonation.
The reference is not the current Russian-Ukraine war. it is an anime called Attack on Titan.
Bloomberg article really seems to proof a point now. also very interesting to see the difference of comments here on Reddit (open minded for solutions like in France, rational thinking) vs those on Facebook (scared, calling for circuit breaker)
Can confirm. Growing up with such messaging, especially from my parents, did fuck up my mental health.
It was the right move a few months back. Now with 82% vaccinated it is pointless. Countries like France which have similar measures are talking about lifting them now, because high vaccination rates
Yup. The scholar middle manager (AD) was also promoted (DD) and rewarded with another high-profile role in civil service.
glad you face it and endured it, enjoy your freedom.
In Indonesia. You earn yourself A Jail time! Thanks UU ITE I am being sarcastic
Wack so is this all biologically enforced or if two dudes identify as women they can go scissor no consequences?
What is the name of the Singaporean rep? Burhanudeen Gafoor http
I am sorry for your loss I did not know it was that bad
So coping well or not coping well? COP going to investigate?
Well, when you compare to Grab raising their fee. yougetit, right?
Just apply straight to the healthcare institutions. If she gets a job offer, she can then get a temporary nursing license and visa to work here and after passing probation, be registered with Singapore Nursing Board.
Dang, the news is going to have a field day with this. You mean a slow day? Nothing happened, after all. face with hand over mouth
Maybe its because of the businesses and companies that also continue to hold on to these ideologies. studies even suggest that lower working hours leads to more productivity I really wonder if employers would believe those studies.
I do not see 377A being enforced anyway so not sure what's the big deal. But expecting a Government institution like Ministry of Education to openly challenge the law is just being silly.
Imagine being 60 years old and commenting on the secondary school education of a similarly aged peer. I do not think its acceptable even if you are in your 20s, let alone 60s.
If i fell aslp in the MRT and woke up, ill be pretty confused.
Not sure why you are being down voted. There are obviously toxic parents. But the first course of action should always be to reconcile.
Singapore housing is actually one of the most affordable for large developed cities. http
Interesting that he never once mentions democracy but instead talks about control Government must have. insightful
that is an extreme case and I fully understand why OP had to move out.
No it is not acceptable when your solely making your decision based on a skin colour
do not even think he was ripped anyway, it seems kind of bullying when Shan keeps secrets and laughs at others for not being in the know.
I found it funny. I know my upvote won't help but I am supporting you in spirit
Those countries loosening have passed their omicron wave. We're right in it
cannot even listen to music because that is a distraction.
Do you think it might be a suicide attempt? I mean charging a police station with a knife. ?
Suddenly craving to patronise his restaurant again. Not for virtue signalling but because the food and the service are actually good.
I am in the CBD and most of my colleagues felt it.
Very sad. More than what I get. Wonder what's the job scope and hours
how would the minister view the vast majority of singaporeans who cannot even get into RI?
I cannot tell if this is a troll response. Genuinely made me
I've heard people mention how deep cleaning is expensive and troublesome. Was that your experience as well?
What's the point of this post? Just for Ukraine circle jerk?
We're living through an era now where this is changing before our very eyes. But yes, at that time, it was still something you wouldn't argue about.
We need more kids like this to make Singapore great again
I do not know but damn, not only is he a mega chad, but he is also smart
do not know why you are getting downvoted for giving your opinion which is not wrong. subreddit of singapore ( http is really a cesspool.
no way, at the time in my p5 batch, all my classmates had phones with Instagram, meanwhile I had no phone so
overpriced , technologically--impaired, fuddy-duddy Comfort? The problem previously was taxi drivers playing hide and seek when raining or just before peak hours and for being choosy about passengers.
You managed to turn Putin's land grab in Ukraine into a racist issue? How many mental contortions did that take?
Ukraine does show that NATO is functionally dead Ukraine is not in NATO. Ukraine has not asked for troops either. just equipment and ammunition. They want to fight their own war.
Booking multiple stops on Comfort is also way cheaper, especially after midnight (which is surprising, considering people avoided taxis after midnight because of the surcharges)
Good thing we do not let other people decide what kind of treatments you can or cannot take. Why would an uninformed public, one that is not screened for transphobia, be a better arbiter than objective studies/data?
Well just like the recently introduced job discrimination laws. If the majority race starts making noise, then there will be legislation. If not. their house their rules.
They do it with models (saw this on a nus econs t shirt)
What is going to happen to our conscripts in times of war. Will they run like the Russians because they feel there is nothing worth fighting for ? Or stand defiantly like the Ukrainians ?
Hi! I am more active on instagram ( http but yes I do have pixiv ( http as well )
it is not about the price. I believe price was in line with what the authorised distributor of the bikes were selling it for. But they did not buy from the AD but from some friend .
Ironically it is posts like these that are giving him the free marketing needed for him to make it pt 2
Any remembers SC Edwin Tong from the COP representing Con Hee?
Here is a link to The Office US call 'Fire Drill' original video with sound too http
clearly, we need more claps then everything will be fine. MMTF needs to have a round of applause every press release, to show it is marvelous what claps can do for you.
Nina talk as Singaporean la not ang mo place You go and use this kinda words also your pronountion is never right pig face masuru
all your reactions were expected and that was the plan. singapore not ready for an indian PM because they were prepared to have an indian opposition leader
she can cook nasi lemak and make milo in the field. what more can you ask for.
Considering the pledge was written in the context of World War Two and racial riots, S Rajaratnam likely meant racial equality more so than anything else.
i did see a lot of videos of ammo depots being blown up by the russians
Yes, cannot. Because you guys will clog up the toilet like you are clogging up the healthcare system.
Sadly true, but also because the king is also one of the more useless pieces on the board.
I am Malaysian and I've never heard of any Malaysian politician wanting to invade Singapore. Especially since Malaysia let Singapore leave before.
To me, it is better than going down without a fight. Even if Singapore does get conquered, we make the invaders pay for every inch of land they take with blood.
Our Malaysian politicians do not give a shit about its own people. Trying to get it to care about foreign countries' warfare is even less possible.
Crazy to come out of neutrality but ultimately the right thing to do.
brother we live surrounded by blocks like that in every district that has a hdb since 1970-80s Looks identical to the blocks here at bukit Batok too.
the malaysian subreddit seems to support ukraine. Though people on the subreddit tend to be much more liberal
Wait. Isn't the one getting beat up is the 40 year old?
Youd be surprised how many redditors live near you. How many unspoken love stories in the dms as well .
essentially, police was not running. He took a few steps back, still facing the suspect, so that he could create a safety distance between the assailant and himself.
Agreed. it is hard to imagine that travel will be allowed later this year if we cannot even dine out under the current circumstances.
Huh, my friends said they felt a gentle shake. I am at Tampines and I did not feel anything. Maybe we wait for the news. There could be an earthquake near Sumatra or Java again.
Then also got another Singapore kenna arrest for bribing US military officials for contracts. You mean the Fat Leonard scandal? http
27% swing in east coast, and 18% swing in cck/Bukit batok
Really enjoyed her fighting spirit and all the fight backs. Holding her own against world 1 and 3 is something amazing already.
I wish I have your persistence. This one can frame up as family heirloom liao sia
if it is me, if we are going for endemic, I would remove LW and Gan Kim Yong and put Ong Ye Kung in charge. right now it seems that their objectives and mindset clash with each other. Too many cooks spoil the broth
Must be tough walking around with those huge set of balls.
NKF is still providing essential dialysis service. After the scandal a lot of governance over how charities may operate tightened.
Of all things, they decided to completely ban gyms and fitness studios which have not contributed to any known community cases for months. There goes the only thing I have going on in my life besides working and studying haiz.
The guy already chionging over with knife liao la still warning shot.
Yes it is. And the narrative is that vaccines do work to save lives.
They are trained to continue talking to you when you turn them down initially. Tell them firmly you need to learn to take no for an answer .
seems like the centre PO took the shot. I got my marksman only in my final reservist shoot (
I genuinely do not see the reasoning behind reducing the number of home visitors from 8- 5 unless they're expecting cases to rise drastically.
wait what world changing filter did you put on to remove all the smog?!?!
Cheap labour exists to support capitalist interests. There is a reason why it exists, and why it exists in its current form, and even why it will persist.
Its crazy how in other western subs they are celebrating the back to normalcy due to announcements of removing masks mandate soon but here its back to sqr 1 almost
I am legitimately pissed right now. How many people are on oxygen/ intensive care unit?
2017! I was quite shocked actually when I realised it had been 4 years already.
Looks like a sound wave, has anyone some a project converting skylines into sounds or vice versa, could be cool
Yeah, never thoughts of suicide, I am too alive But I still treat it like it is do or die Even though dying isn't in the plans But neither was making it and here I am
I did not know about the gold! Do you have any sources for me to go down the rabbit hole?
Yup, that is completely normal behaviour . that is why people's just standing around . Nothing much anyone can do, that is why the best is to discreetly film the whole thing down, can use that as evidence against that coward.
Oh I have no idea , I am not great with sounds design or art, just watch enough YouTube videos to believe someone could do it It would probably sound like static, but you never know
Can you imagine the uproar if the Government makes this announcement tmr? Why do that when you can get commercial carriers to do it at no risk since you are banning non SC PR
i actually like the sterol one. other brands i find are too creamy which may not be the healthiest
As a fan of arpg, looking forward to future development! Jiayou all the best! Will wishlist to support
The psychological counselling, the IO statement taking, the investigation, the boredom of doing deskbound, the bar from arms and the AARs will kill him as well
Path of exile, popular arpg, have 8 teteks on Azitri showing prominently, I do not think it will be labelled not safe for work for this hahas
I have no idea what half of these things are and I am still angry
having not gone through the education system here what are the chances of that actually happening in a state school for the LGBTQ+ communities?
Will Singapore invade Malaysia southern peninsula (Johor) if there's a need for it? (overpopulation, climate change)
My mother has this crazy notion that if it is not at least 50 tables, it is not a wedding. Help la
I wouldn't go that far but it was some of the strongest stuff this Government went and did.
it is consistent with our foreign policy footing of not wanting a rules-based order to die. Because if that dies, we may be learning Bahasa, Chinese or Russian very quickly.
The Government needs to speed up vaccinations now by giving young people their first doses now and defer their second dose like what Canada and UK does. Canada accelerated vaccinations and has seen cases begin to drop.
2nd class citizen still win Singapore national service serving male. They are 3rd class.
Should read 'see Notice.' The loop would be complete then.
LGBT people have families too. And hate to break it to you but Singaporean families are pretty toxic and abusive
it is really sad to see the horrible side of Singaporean's behaviour. Healthcare personnels deserve so much of our respect at this time.
I did not choose a 9% goods and services tax rate, is this a 377A violation ?
Gotta appreciate the LED route map while it is still there
no cleaner wont clean up this mess, specialized crime scene investigators will.
you guys deserve so much respect from everyone for your service and not be treated like that.
Oh come on, all the fuck China and CCP spilling over to Chinese hate, India and CECA. Suddenly it is all fine and dandy when it comes to Russia. White worshipping hypocrites
Even RI is a not good school. That means every schools are equal. That means every schools are equally good. That means every schools are good. I am being sarcastic
Looking at his age (looks like 10 or so?) I remember I was 7 when I was learning about fuck and middle finger, and that was (.fuck) 20 years ago, before youtube and social media.
Look at Israel. All man and woman serve in their defense. Until this issue is addressed, there's no total defense.
A must play if ur into soul series.Ps4 disc cost around $80-83.Digital will be cheaper.
Its small actually,buttock size big & arm length legs spiders were common sight at garden and park during the 80s.
Never knew he was an alumni of my secondary school. Always thought Dhanabalan was the most famous alumni from Victoria
Well, there are public toilets at bus interchanges and MRT stations. That is. until they trace intensive care unit cases to their use of toilets at such locations.
please remember that this is the same guy that took a selfie with the N Korean mass murderer leader as if they were frens. His ethics and morals have disgusted me from a long time ago.
it is just so reactionary. Even New Zealand's second highest alert (level 3) allows for up to 10 per group.
Those poor people, only getting 7.5 hrs of solid sleep a night.
Exactly I have never seen people excuse racism this way before, well I am allowed to do so ? And? Does that mean no one should question
Hope your kid has arms like He-man with the bags he is going to have to lug by himself
Or any of the other telemedicine apps. Mana doctor, whitecoat etc
Leong Lai Yee (auntie boomer who ran a $35 million Ponzi scheme) To add to this, Sunshine Empire. The guy got released from prison already.
hope their new tenant trashes the place. so they understand anyone can be a bad tenant
it is pretty good but for what it is worth, take heart - all places have their +/- vote TRE45ON out, and you can rebuild
It sounds wrong, but threatening your bullies was the most optimal thing you could've done for yourself. Most bullies stop only when put in their place.
Kong Hee is the fund manager for God Investment Trust.
peacetime already miw complain about millions of dollars of salary not enough. wartime they do not sell us out happy already
Taser can also not latch properly, so that is why it is not used when the suspect is charging towards you with a weapon. They did not break any SOP.
Our constitution has as much worth as the tissue I sneezed into. Apparently it can be changed anytime, on a whim, as shown in our presidential elections.
Indian education system and the meritocracy that has enabled them. The one where people can just print a falsified certificate and use it overseas?
To protect those who do not approve of your existence due to your sexuality. Hard truths.
because Jamus really warmed the cockles of many hearts. FTFY
every schools are good every school is good , FTFY. What school did you go to? Must be a damn lousy school!
Maybe the solution is some kind of compulsory financial planning class once your cpf account hits 5k. Basically some arbitrary limit that is low enough to keep school kids out.
Wall-E is a documentary that is set in the future.
Probably better off saving the few hundred thousand dollars that would have been spent on the kid, investing it, and using that money in retirement. You might want to ask them the same question
Agree. the negative impact on brain is detrimental and irreversible
well. he is only going to be the next PM right? What could go wrong
Sometimes i just forget that most singaporean guys are trained killers
, i see. Are the working class common people of singapore mostly fluent in English?
And they were confident placing Ng Chee Meng in the team. Lulz.
IT is pretty broad though, but I assume not IT level 1 or 2 support .
I think for this, Islam and Catholic children are already baptised as a baby so it is impossible for them to be raised as a Buddhist. Their children do not choose their religion. It is chosen for them.
At least our lunch cannot get stolen if we do not sleep!! Quick people, race to the bottom so we can keep the economy going and the rich, rich!!
facts. but you forgot the I am so proud to be a singaporean but whines about how the Government fucks up everything and how this sucks that sucks.
Bec we are kind of relaxed compared to Japan and Korea.
Jimmy couldn't handle wfh any longer smiling face with tear he wanted to go back to office
I am so sorry to hear this. There's absolutely no excuse for any form of racism.
brother actually gym at home saves time sia. Buy some cheap but not overpriced barbells unless you want the gym quality that kind or something similar on Shopee and there you go, WOFH (workout from home)
Cannot , later the SGSecure app detect gang syndrome then kanna mata lia.
Who's care about high school if you make it to the same university as the top school. face with tears of joy
What engine is this running on? Quite interested since I am studying BSc in Game Dev in the US right now.
because racism We ban China Chinese ok because Singapore is chinaland anyway. We ban Indian flights SJW says this is just Singapore bigotry surfacing again I am being sarcastic
wonder what is the sentencing for pre-mediated murder for someone underage ?
Damn that sounds pretty shady. Do you think if another political party starts to show real signs of overtaking the People's Action Party, that the People's Action Party may resort to more. forceful measures?
to be honest, if Kristen Han believes supporting such causes, why does not she do it and stand along with them? Seeing these youths put their futures in jeopardy while she stands at the side adding her commentary?
Nah, NZ just goes through different alerts (1- 4). Their community measures have largely been far more relaxed than Singapore's for the past year, even when they were facing issues between Aug- Sep 2020.
do not do the training then you do not get to play
it is not real. Use your brain. Spreading shit like this is only damaging
Ehh WKW not easy to get in also what the fuck
Every new idea has been once deemed as too 'progressive'. To merely brushing an issue because you think nothing can be done is what makes everything stagnant as it is.
Just do not use vulgarities or threats, be VERY passive aggressive and sarcastic. That'll piss off the aunties.
Will SPF assure us the safety of the three trans people they have in their custody right now? This includes avoiding psychological trauma. Are they going to refer to them with appropriate gender terminology while they mercilessly interrogate them?
Finally yea. Human hell hole. Finally something to be proud of! Makes me wanna go squeeze in also
Fortunate that it happened at night with little to no pedestrians. I can only imagine the immense pressure on the police who had to shoot him accurately. It could have gone very wrong if he missed.
I messaged 99co and the agent. They made the agent remove it. I have proof of that
This is what worries me. it is going to be a major pain in the ass
She was useful to the People's Action Party in keeping Tan Cheng Bock out from the presidency. But yeah, still have no idea how a mere speaker of parliament could provide the necessary financial experience required of the presidency.
For special occassions or as a treat, your friend can get antigen rapid test tested to dine in and enter malls for the day
Fucking hell, this is dumb. The Singpass app works fine why the fuck need to change
but we still have Christians demand to be allowed to gather even when unvaccinated.
GIAM XIA SENGKANG YESSSSSS I cannot BELIEVE IT, WE DID ITTTT
Good grades do not necessarily make a good person. This only goes to show what these 'elite' parents value in their child's upbringing. Anyway, it is an incisive piece. Kudos OP.
A scholastic environment like Singapore or sk do not need to be pushing speed on their kids. its availability will encourage its use. I saw it a lot in sk.
Furthermore, why were Indians exempt from 14 day quarantine? Eh when were they exempted from 14 day SHN?
. I have no idea to be honest. I think it is because it is not on either extreme of this news and just wants to focus on the actual debate - which interferes with the popcorn grabbing! face with tears of joy
Please retract the sanctions. We shouldn't take sides and poke our nose in other countries business. do not forget what happened to our tanks. It isn't good for Singapore
i feel you. things are similar here in Malaysia, and i feel bad too when people use insensitive comment on the other races.
China was the most casually racist country I have ever been to. And I have family in the you.S. Bible Belt.
Happyland prolly Nanyang edit no prizes for guessing which nanyang
He literally said they do not oppose for the sake of opposing go watch the whole thin
Technically still can cut even with all these restrictions, right?
Eh they have to SHN before being released to the dorms for work just for your information
hey there, despite some of the harsh replies you've gotten, i do not think anything you said was unreasonable. take some time for yourself/off the internet maybe. take care of yourself and reach out if you need someone to talk to.
been in the US for 9 yrs, never used cash except to buy lottery tickets
Holy fuck I know they can be pieces of shits but this was really kinda cute
i think this particular one blew up because it shows the other countries' lofi girl as well
It just got updated and this dad of a student is saying it is an axe?
I am going to be the odd one out. What do you guys the bystanders to do beside calling police?
I blame People's Action Party. Singapore should be atleast GMT +7 but they decide to use GMT +8 to align with HK and KL.
They took him out back and we just heard 2 gun shots
How to enforce . Even kids mandatory vaccination also got parents try to avoid
I probably should but in real life I am your typical shy pushover person. Not just in regards to racism but just about anything anyone does. it is a personal flaw I'll have to overcome eventually
An animal cannot control their temper? They feel the need to inflict damage upon people?
I remember years ago an American studying in Singapore got sacked with a cane several times for stealing signs. They take their punishment very seriously. This guy is in a lot of trouble.
I still have fears of telling people I am from ITE. Thank you, Jack Neo. ITE its the end.
Need to change the date. Earliest letter submission Sat 12 Feb 2022. ) do not count your chickens before they hatch.
nah they should just be less detailed and have black outlines
Just like the Burger King next to the Decathlon at Bedok
Possibly, I have no doubt this happens to some people, I merel question the validity of this story. it is as valid as those NUS confession stories
I think that is a really good suggestion. if someone is dug in in their believes they will just learn to live with being unvaccinated.
In the end they're still both dances. Are people forced to like your dance simply because it is culture?
sat for an exam two weeks ago. did not manage to do last four questions worth 10 marks each. i might not pass
I work 12 hours. Life sucks. I mean security officer, common working hours but if i get a job as a security officer that is only 8 hours, i earn lesser. Hopefully, salary goes up soon. Future seems bleak
yo how much is ur pay? 16 y/o here too looking for some jobs that pay good moolah
I am hard-pressed to believe they're really villagers! Their vocabulary ( polymer ) and apparel (fashionable and trendy, what I consider to be along the H&M class) are way too distinct. More like city folks by the looks of it. Interesting video though.
this might be the most successful post on this sub
Balance of power despite being a monopoly for many years till grabmoney came on-board, I would say they have proven to be sincere service provider this industry needs to be seriously regulated to keep them in check.
Only when you are stuck overseas and then kbkp why Government do not even attempt to take care of its citizens
I know right, I go steal a koi fish and eat in the pool, suddenly people complain about me being a public nuisance . shaking my head
This channel is super interesting. They will let them experience food from other countries, cultures, shows, perhaps music, and just to film that astonishment of how they react to things that we take for granted.
In order to understand recursion you need to understand recursion
Is anytime fitness expensive and for rich kids? Haiz time to eat macs then
I wonder which aspects of Equality are they thinking of? it is the common person's understanding of equality, or Equality(tm) as defined by the ruling class?
to be honest given how LWM has performed in parliament and how he is so thick headed, I would have called him even more CB names. But still its parliament and they shouldn't do it
Isn't 7.5 optimal though? Since you do not wake up in the middle of the REM cycle ( http
oh yeah, my father talked about this in my younger days Lots of kopi tiam/taxi driver conspiracies.
The same way every People's Action Party minister and their offspring went into top schools. Money and connections.
Contrary to popular opinion here, I am glad that the arrest happened. I am not a fan of civil disobedience taking root in Singapore.
it is not shaming, it is a fact. You can notice stark difference in personalities of people who are stuck with their parents Vs independent ones who stood up on their own feet and had guts to live on their own.
it is sustained mask off contact by the way. The mall ruling honestly seems inconsistent but you are more likely to remove your mask in a mall than in a bus. Esp if you buy a drink or a snack.
Jamus got me craving for warm cockles at 4 in the morning, fuck my life. Gotta have me some char kway teow extra hum for breakfast later.
I like that they say allegedly assaulted. brother, it seems pretty clear-cut in the video.
Knives and axes are tools utilized as weapons. Guns are just weapons.
Is this the same minister who said (I help you, I help you) to the old man?
Like 6am here actually is more like 5am elsewhere around the world.
Unfortunately, a lot of Singaporeans agree with him. He may not speak for the vast majority of Singaproeans, but he shares that view with the vast majority of them. Pedantic, I know.
YOU did not SEE GRAPHITE ON THE GROUND BECAUSE IT ISN'T THERE!
I cancelled my membership this afternoon. Let's see how far self-discipline can go.
Look at my comment up above. it is about hours worked and not sleep though. But it is probably a better indicator.
Mahathir is not the issue. The man is 96, not much longer for him to be alive now. What we should worry about are the up and coming politicians that wants to make themselves heard.
sure it is not like it is more acceptable to say i hate CCP than i hate PRC citizens
Memories of cancelling my insurance cause I could barely to eat two slices of bread a day.
I do not know much about Singapore, but. are you guys ok over there?!
Ministry of Health has clarified on this point http Basically, if group of more than 2 people in the same household needs to be together to take care of elderly/young children, they will close one eye.
My gym is currently conducting classes outside. So far no changes from SportSG, hope it remains like this.
My friend in the Government is still going to his office for work that he can totally do at home. So. what WFH? Who checks the Government?
It also spawned the infamous claim by GCT's wife that $600,000 a year is peanuts.
i know my fair share of ACS alumni that have more class than him.
Seems like a very everybody stood up and clapped kind of story Or maybe I am just the only one who does not record down word for word what my cabbies say
Nope, vote Jamus because he is obviously the superior choice over Ng Chee Meng.
They must be thinking what a waste Jamus joined WP instead of pap. Jamus is a gem. First saw him on MSM already very impressed by him. After Jamus joined WP that msm stop inviting Jamus on their show.
I am from bendemeer secondary . Ours usually have so many that they make stand till 815AM then let us off. We had detention before but just to many.
Not sure why you were downvoted. You are very right. A VAT is one of the most first world concepts where the rich cannot escape taxes.
Yep, that is the shipyard life. With that kind of hours with low pay there's no need or time to clean house, do laundry or even take a stroll unless you are on your off days
Note wouldn't the ambulances be needed for use on his off shift so he couldn't sleep in it?
This picture was taken some time ago. Not during their current crisis.
Let's face it. There is no racial harmony in Singapore. There is the illusion of an inclusive society because it has been legislated to be so
True, but with that much money, you would be better spending your time elsewhere, in peace.
pretty sure ICA do have a staff assistant role to be honest. Is matter of want or do not want
There's a reason why Asians are legally discriminated against in US colleges. that is why.
Prior to this post my comments on other posts met a similar fate too, cannot do anything about them but I've given you my upvote!
Rare in Singapore, only in early morning or a heavy downpour does it gets cool enough.
Ministry of Education definitely won't do anything, because then it would encourage protesting as a legitimate way to change policies.
Really enjoyed this debate, I think we should have it translated and shared among the wider Singaporean audience. Good to have people engaged in national issues.
Sadly this is our one and only debate we have much to learn from you guys in open and free discussion too
How the man fall after getting shot seems a bit awkward
Not in yuri? I strongly suggest a healthy diet of culture to fix it.
There are jerks and there are racists. There are plenty of Chinese people that are both.
Smlj spread or do not spread so what? Everyone saw it on tv liao what you going to do
So the way to combat racism is to objectify minority women? fuck off la brother
Damn elite group getting caught.imagine the non elite ones
it is a lease, so I guess you can pay more to continue staying? edit This might be the reason for preserving HDB value
Sure? And? Is it about blue light affecting sleep quality? This is separate from the bugger problem people not going to bed in thw first place. Why are they staring at screens at night? Specically after 11pm?
With Iraq there was an actual UN resolution passed for the invasion. Right now Russia is invading without any provocation, and it is just vetoing any resolution against it, hence why Ukraine is fighting on its own.
Oh! Just checked your insta out, you took photos of my friend!! Your photos are sick!
Thanks for your kindness and support, and standing up for everyone! I tried to comment in humansbeingbros but I probably did not have enough karma for it to show up
He will go to NUS and defeat all the pervs. With his kancho.
That Singaporeans going to Jb pharmacies for N95 is so accurate
that is too expensive brother, how about just send them to Malaysia.
Not my son any longer. I never had a son.
You can call people out while still being respectful , they are not mutually exclusive. BeIng respectful is a reflection of your manners afterall.
The best thing about this ndp is the badass aunty drones and best of all this kid
by your logic they should allow drug dealing because it brings in tourist
The covid situation in India has been in dire states since beginning of March. If they are not back in Singapore by now, they do not really want to come back
The fact that the Government cannot and won't even govern their people's actions properly speaks volumes about the former's competency (or incompetency)
I think Russia has only sent their weaker troops in. Their professional army has not yet seen action
Hell nah to the nah nah nah I do not expect Pres Halimah to fight. Lee Hsien Loong too old and probably say he cannot join due to his age /
Yes especially if the neighbour up North decides to do anything sneaky. http Though the issue of pedra branca is resolved, we should not lower our guards in effective deterrent. http
That it is all lip service and the lived experiences of the minorities in these countries are still unchanged
The religious side is going to argue with 'no freedom of religious expression' if they were going to accommodate LGBT individuals. The reason why religion indoctrinate their followers. Religious fanatics.
Eventually she found her way out of singapore by marrying an american and now she identifies as hispanic to fit into the american society. I am sorry but this is hilarious Especially considering how deeply catholicism is tied into Hispanic culture
Kudos to the officers. Stopping a threat. But hopefully he won't kena by superiors because I know first hand what was that like during my fulltime police national serviceman days. protect the public but alot of restrictions.
The worst kind of people are people that justify the behaviour by saying it is human nature . it is not. it is a large mix of socialisation as well.
This is good news, isn't it? Hawkers being paid a living wage. Next is to ask yo boss to up your salary so you can afford to eat YTF
these people wouldn't be avoiding healthcare workers if they're the ones that contracts the disease
The one I remember is the City Harvest Church scandal since that was the one I heard alot growing up. I am at that age that I did not know about the NKF or RenCi scandal.
he exudes more sigma energy than this dude right here.
Now you gotta find the rest of the 99 to trade in for infinite 200 bucks Lets see who gets it
This does not seem any worse than American life. If anything I think the required national service would be an improvement.
I am pretty sure you do not need to. But I'll let the rage circlejerk go on
This hits so fucking hard man. My heart goes out to people stuck in their abusive households.
This is not office politics to be stabbed in the back.
I am curious. Does this sub only care about fake news if it is about something they disagree with?
This is so bad. This is the look at these idiots thing the British used to do long ago, or everyone forget already?
This made me realize how many people are fighting, working so hard to ensure that we are safe. So many people, so many unknown faces. Our sincere thanks to all of them.
And then everyone surprised pikachu when birth rates decline O
What a disrespectful brat. I feel embarrassed for his parents and teachers.
I dunno how recent is that update, but as far back as 2011 when I was in my BPT (Basic Police Training), its always been shoot to kill and you only ever pull your revolver in this kind of situation.
To answer your question, my sense is that he would be unelectable if he stood on a pap ticket. people will just whack his accent and how he effectively spent about half his life abroad. But mainly the accent.
Wait does not Singapore have one of the highest standards of living in the world?
Our politicians (both sides) run on bread and butter issues which is safe to say at least 98% of voter's concern, Trans-rights is the issue that neither side will touch for fear of losing their base.
True - most on ground reports for eg put the numbers of deaths at 3-7x higher based on the rise seen in the crematoria. The current numbers are definitely understated
Welcome to the real working world. More often than not. such parents will treat people they deem as part of the social circle as an equal, but once you are out of it, good luck
Strenuous indoor exercise classes, or strenuous individual and group indoor sports and exercise activities, will also cease during this period. No gains summer.
Doing right is what you think is right, isn't it? Sorry to disappoint you, luckily it is not the case
i remember seeing this written on the form in primary school and thinking brother
I was there when Ms Ek was the head, it wasn't that communist in that sense but I felt a great dichotomy between double and triple science people. The scrutiny was from the school, not from fellow peers.
What is the context because something had to have happened it looks like he is trying to kill him
What's your definition of making peaceful protest impossible ? 1) Disallow all forms of protest 2) Allow protest but arrest them afterwards Because Singapore is (1) and not (2).
I guess it depends on where you live the north all the Swab and Send home clinic are super crowded
when I was feeling that way I went to a few art workshops over a few months.
Which year was the one the guy uses the circle sign? Was it the year after,the same year as that lady who went viral for her looks? I think the auntie knock another auntie was in 2019.
Thanks for the link! Seems reasonable notice is going to be as good as it gets.
Sorry, but that is nonsense. Nobody forces sexuality, that is absurd. Children have to receive idea that nuclear heterosexual family is a norm. That does not mean that homosexual is something disrespectful
Wouldn't it be open since further notice has been posted?
One lady was spotted without a mask in a mall. One of the safe distancing ambassador told her to put on a mask and the lady went Karen-mode and asked her if she(the SDA) had any badge. news article ( http video ( http
But can you sleep in the ambulance? does not another shift use the same ambulance when your shift ends?
Last time I went I did not see any doctors sausage sadly
Yeah LW's comment just sounds like something someone not from RI would say to fuck around
Yes office job, but those girls sound surreal to me. Why are people like that? it is quite sad.
Well, as a kid it is waking up. As a father, waking up with kids to drop them. My fitbit says my weekly avg in 2021 is 5hrs 12min.
Nobody is trained to fight fair. BCCT trained us to fight f - air .
You know what's the result? We are already talking about boosters - who's going to wanna get one after going through this false promise BS?
No because tasers might not work. And he is close enough that a second taser shot will be too slow.
You tell your peers to straighten up and stop guffing over the small stuff. Get a job work hard and see the scale of life expand. You are doing well at your age, just influence your friends.
If the employer wants to be 100% sure that the positive antigen rapid test is not faked, he can jolly well stay on the Zoom call for 20 min to watch in real time.
Me!!! Mmm mmm mmm mmm Mmm mmm mmm mmm Mmm mmm mmm mmm Mmm mmm mmm mmm
Mad respect for you. Hang in there. Ignore the people who say but that is their job . it is your choice to serve those in need and I appreciate you for that.
I feel for both kids. 1 dead and 1 turned murderer. How come no warning signs.very sad. I cannot imagine the parents plight. Their lives now upside down. disappointed face
If you are v shy and anxious, try saying I need to go toilet! And then power walking away. If you feel guilty you can really go toilet after that so it is not a lie.
He had it coming la, talks down to people, no feel for the common man
it is going to happen and they will use fear mongering to get this to pass.
This is true. But my point is that this case is not the guarantee of unenforceability of 377A as some may think. The AG can still go ahead and announce that they are going to enforce it.
Stop complaining about the holding pens and breed! Breed!! We need more gdp slaves!!
good way to ask a girl out alone? max 2 for social gathering hehe
the law isn't real it is made up by people and if the law is unjust then fuck the law
it is a consent form, and yes there are students who do opt out
When I watched the interview he had in the US regarding the pandemic, he made me proud to be a Singaporean. Now, he just lost all my respect.
Nah they won't. Or they'll say the Government is using this as an excuse for lack of previous planning as usual.
I wonder if we have a stronger reliance on caffeine too
I know right. it is going to take at least until 7G leaders. There are still so many Singaporeans who are against gay relationship. First world country indeed.
I am do not think Government is cool with people extending their unit's lease beyond 99 years. If its up, it will be taken back and there are already instances you can Google of this happening (see Geylang Lorong 3).
Ironic that my coursemate who's family is fucked loaded (dad is the owner of the bedok chwee kueh) killed herself.
She passed a few weeks after giving birth to their first son, who is albino. Official story is that she died from a heart attack. Conspiracies commonly talked about includes suicide from post natal depression to murder.
Domestic workers get room and board, too. I certainly think they should be paid way more regardless, but stating their salary as 6-750 and essentially ignoring what in some cases amounts to 1-2k in benefits feels misleading
it is more fashionable to be nihilistic these days. do not ruin OP's grand stand here.
Not long ago we had paper notes, and they are still in circulation.
I hear the bankers in the CBD also had trouble lighting their cigars with it.
I do not think they can just fire a warning shot as it is a neighborhood setting with civilians, a stray bullet could damage property or even kill someone
wat about partially vaccinated? those waiting 2nd jab or waiting 2weeks wat about those that need to enter malls to get their jabs for sinopharm? genuine question
used to have this exact type of spider on the foresty area beside the carpark near my house, they are freaking big but just chill by their webs for like ever
Oh no. I almost got employed into the company doing storytel. It is very much commission based and how you progress in the company, it is really based on what your results can prove.
auntie gave her daughter this medicine and she got A 's faster drink it do not complain
Everything gets filtered up the chain to the top brass that they are not even aware of the issues that the people at the bottom of the chain faced
I go to one so I can go to the other. Case closed.
sir which part of I am waiting for university did you not understand did you fail O levels listening
headphones & earphones act as deterrant. if they still try, then pretend like you do not notice them. never make eye contact, the chances of interaction increases drastically
oof cfm tio whack but i would go down like this
You have to be quite stupid to commit crimes like this in Singapore
Yeah if there's no breach in the system whatsoever. To err is human
Wait which sch is this from? Are the forms from moe or from the school itself? Because things like this should be held accountable? what the fuck
Man I wish more boomers would support opposition just like the taxi driver uncles do
One thing I've learned when reading or watching about anything involving nationalities is to not look at the comments. But then here I am on Reddit.
Personally, i see it more as whats the point of bringing a life into this world at all. But yes, agree with you OP
When Germans are so hardworking that even bier cannot make them sleep.
Oh my Sang Nila Utama, this is gorgeous! Great job!
They're not higher risk than malls, but does that mean there should be no restrictions on malls? What kind of restrictions do you suggest for public transport?
Not sure why you are getting downvoted but I agree that going to the extent of comparing misgendering Someone by not using their proper pronouns to actual torture is ridiculous
The security Council has one main purpose. that is to avoid global, nuclear war by giving the largest powers veto rights on resolutions so one cannot be dominated by the others. We see that being played out today.
Canon 6D w 16-35 f/4 IS or i might have even shot this with my 50mm sigma art
Last time my friend and I walked in we were the only customers grinning face with sweat
He haven't disgraced himself enough since the youth olympics blunder. Need to set a new low.
i did? Who's your friend! Thanks man appreciate it )
i saw a post a few years ago of a convenience store where they posted a sign customers - we will no longer accept boob or shoe money
surprised no one has mentioned how refreshing it is to see just one shot fired. which is a horrifying thought really. i guess ive seen far too many american videos.
I heard a rumour saying that he wanted to get death sentence so that he can die. Two years ago, he attempted suicide but was unsuccessful. It seems like he has family issues. If it is true, this is really tragic.
Cannot go for food dates then go where? Now also nothing much to do except go out eat
you are on the right side of the pool!! Yeap same place ) thanks!!!
Ya, can even see the red strobelights flashing at the guardhouse indicating emergency + turnout
but we can funnel $180mil/year to SPH. healthcare is fine yo.
oh my god you are right, now i hate myself for not thinking about it
Mostly I am just pissed off that you can effectively communicate your experience in English. Unlike half the Americans I live with. Also parents become total asses with their child/school no matter what continent you are on.
Does anyone know where i can find the whole transcript of the debate? i want to read more about Jamus' pointers in details.
mom can we watch James Bond? we have James Bond at home James Bond at home
, he is going to watch this when he is like 18 years old and go the fuck was I thinking Kids do dumb shyt, we all do. His caliber too power already,
Lot of lotteries and competitions will not allow employees/their families to compete in order to avoid any risk of fraud or even the appearance of fraud.
did not Ukraine unironically train child soldiers to use as propoganda?
Real question, why should the judiciary care about what the legislative branch thinks, they're two different branches
because you only got covid when you reach home n test
it is probably because he is busy finding proof that rise in imported cases are not from travellers entering Singapore.
nice, here free rubble from upcoming ukrainian store next door
Any suggestion for small guy like me how to stop this?
Good idea. The show sucks anyways, just keep the fireworks
Rules, rules and rules face with rolling eyes . Feel so sorry for those celebrating Raya. We've been following these rules and doing so well only to have everything undone.
Smaller child on your shoulder, bigger child hild hand, overcoat. group of 2 I am being sarcastic
Honestly at the same time can we also delay the HK Singapore flights?
It worked! the magical creature zukiff has appeared and launched a tirade below!
Waa just passed him ion orchard. Taking photos with ipad.
Considering how far they were leaning over, the group of people behind were needed or they would have fallen in.
Without phones we qont know if kitty be saved.
Not with me too. We are a nation of cowards. No one even dares speak ill of the People's Action Party, much less of any future overlords looking to take over us.
Yeah nurses needs health care assistants to do the feeding and showering and diaper changing that takes 3 months to learn only
Thank you for your honesty. Next time, if you hear friends or family saying racist things, call it out! We would love you for that and it would really go a long way.
Why is the mum monitoring the Daughter highlighting her book? Smack her!!
Yup diamond rings are a total scam. My hubs and I made our own rings at a silversmithing workshop, from design to annealing the silver. Super fun and memorable!
dude, for each bullet singapore has china has two soldiers.
Try going comment sections of MSM, whenever there are some news remotely related to PRCs and India Indians, you'll see disparaging remarks not exclusively made by the majority race.
Abrahammic groups here I.e., Christians and Muslims. Combined they probably make up more of our population than just Buddhists alone.
There is freedom within, there is freedom without, try to catch the deluge in a paper cup
my grandpa and grandma has being doing that in America for quite some time now. Basically every time I video call them I hear a background YouTube song or podcast playing. And exercising too I think.
do not mind me jumping in, but in that case, how will you handle things like wills and inheritance since as far as i know upon death assets will be divided according to faraid?
felt my bed swaying for awhile and i thought i was high
Coordination and control. Limited chartered Government- overseen evacuation flights with measures to make sure flight staff are safe. After that no flights from India whatsoever and checks to ensure that incoming travelers did not transit from another airport.
My grand parents on both sides have 8-9 kids. Reason being they owned farms, and having another pair of hands helps them with the farm work and costs of having and raising one isn't expensive.
he is 100% justified to open fire. Suspect actively charging him with a knife. that is a textbook example from day 1 of rule of engagement lessons.
Unfortunately I believe it is going to take a few more elections before they change as the majority of voters are still from the boomer generation and in their eyes the ruling party can never do anything wrong
Can someone post the lyrics? I am overseas now and I miss the chant so much 'D
What's with the guy standing there and watching and staring? Is he going to alight the train after and pretend nothing happened?
Props to the 2 guys that tried to save the cat!
Your thoughts and words are the narrative. Which other countries have trains and NO CHEWING GUM BAN?
Errr. ok. . You better read more. A strong suggestion.
Now what do they think of their constituents when they seek their assistance during mps.
Theirs no way this guy is trained his form is way to ass for what is relatively punching a punching bag.
Bold of you to assume 1-8 are all not imaginary
Brazilian here, we sleep very little and you sleep even less, so I feel sorry for you guys.
yeah, that is really tough. Sorry to hear that /
You joke now but ever since i've started listening to Xi's speeches, my back pain has gone away and my broken home appliaces repair themselves.
Economy is how everyone is going to pay for this too.
Geopolitical You keep saying this word when you really.have no idea what it means. Again, this is not going to be a fruitful discussion so let's leave it at this.
it is a traditional. some parents just quoted a small auspicious number to follow the traditions. but I do know of families where they really act like they are selling their daughter away.
Taliban and other piss poor Eastern European states You mean the countries close to Russia/with a long history of conflict with Russia? I wonder why they are speaking up first indeed. What a weird comparison.
subreddit of Singapore does not really have a stance on most things, we just agree and upvote whatever is already upvoted and downvote whatever is already downvoted.
Hmm did not some Christians get in trouble with the law for giving out flyers about Christianity in Orchard or something?
Theirs is actual lockdown, and the city is ground zero. Stocking up is rational. And even then it was orderly. it is not a competition, but we have to look at ourselves.
people do not know how to appreciate others in the service line until they have been in the service line themselves.
Where'd they get this data, I am Dutch and I sleep like 6 hours and that is pretty much enough. My mom sleeps 2. (It is not enough)
Abs mean muscular which means they can scrub harder. Makes sense to me
Looks like we'll never get to witness another TV political debate in our lifetime again
Oh that is a bit lame. did not know that the arrival estimate is not calculated by the system.
Even then, not really, because there's usually not a lot between the ones at the very top. In tennis, I do not Djokovic, Federer, or Nadal would ever have considered shame in losing to each other.
Face it, if that was your elderly mom you'll be telling her to gtfo of there 1st.
, they already make those noises, and I have accepted that they'll likely leave the inheritance to my older brother. Jokes on them, he and I agreed to go 50/50 on it.
2nd most up voted thread in subreddit of singapore well done! clapping hands light skin tone
the video got picked up by WUSG on instagram so maybe it'll gain enough traction there
True. I always stay up until 2 or 3 AM to watch Futurama and play Warzone
Thank you! Yes, I am lucky in that sense. Though, they agreed to support me only if I agreed to return home every weekend, during which I was frequently abused. How old are you now?
I honestly do not think the ones who whine are talking about being proud to be a Singaporean though.
Voices in your head. You know how I feel now?
Oh dear wonder what he thinks of the rest of the average Singapore population. Must be dirt
Somebody going to say that no migrant worker complaint to her
Best picture of marina bay ive seen despite it not being in the night, full of flashy lights
I vaguely considered but it is too much trouble just to go inside and post git gud get rekt noobs until they ban me
Yeah i was shaking left to right on my chair, then i stood up, still shaking, I am like oh fuck am i getting a stroke? Damn.
I am torn between going in to make get rekt comments and the reminder from my boss that Public Service shouldn't shitpost with our personal accounts
Fake news! I always see people sleeping on their jobs! I am being sarcastic
Another user said something like just want to be different, not follow TREND as the unvaxx excuse. Really roll my eyes
They attempted to get me to give them an allowance, but I simply laughed in their face. No, but I wouldn't be surprised if they filed.
I think it is sarin, mustard gas etc that we exported . does not sound the same as Playstations to be honest.
I read about it, keyword is may. More importantly, its a powerful rallying call for Ukraine - just because they're still alive does not mean this is 'propaganda'
Lee kuan yew made a prediction about current leadership in 2009. I think it is coming the full circle now. covid is the test that might break them. Next up the economic fallout. http
I keep saying it is more elitism than race most of the time. If you are peasant like PRC, might get the same reaction until you flash your cash.
Yeah, I documented everything. Nasty, nasty law though. Thank you.
Looks like he'll have to visit the police twice 1 for the actual police, the other for the spelling police.
Thank you for being practical and pragmatic in a world where social justice warriors and political correctness at all costs prevail
None of the other 4 powers will agree to this. We can say all we want about the veto but fact is all other 4 powers benefitted greatly from that too. They will not surrender that power.
Yeah, I meant that line for if your relationship with your parents is neutral-good, and you are moving more for independence.
I really hope this works man, I only recently started noticing visible gains
To add on. Muslims are allowed to touch dogs as long as the dog is not wet if i recall. Also, they can have dogs as pets but it must serve a purpose such as guard dogs.
Keep your eyes peeled for whip snakes my man. Those things are absolutely drop dead gorgeous, and not uncommon at PRP
A good time to pick up sign language to get them off your tail, reply them with it and make them feel dumb
Saw it too from tampines. I was waiting to cross at a red light and I was staring at it almost the entire time! Incredible sight!
I just tell them the truth, you guys approached me already yesterday. Still do not want.sorry . The sorry is not for me. it is for them, they still have to work.
I wasn't being serious. To be honest, if someone is worried about their future in Singapore and annoyed with all those complaints, they likely do not have the financial ability nor the career options of moving overseas.
We stand ttogetharr edit you guys are playing contra 009 by now, yes? Contra X is in the works.
Yep so why do anything?. Also India v Pakistan has nothing to do with race. It is a border dispute.
If they did not move HSK there, they would have lost. Plus consider HSK kenna the East Coast Plan scandal. I think its amazing he manage to win still.
Think this guy is trained in MMA or watch UFC or something with all the elbow strikes and all that ground and pound game but seriously what's the beef between between them?
Foreigners do serve ns tho. My section had taiwanese,chinese and indian citizens. My sgt was filipino.
I mean studying then legit felt like that Tokyo ghoul scene with the 100-7
I thought all the expats left shouldnt there be an oversupply.
this subreddit running out of ideas so must think of putting a 70 year old man and and a 67 year woman into war context
grinning face with sweat it is IT. I do not make as much as a university grad would, but it is comfortable.
Bystander effect. Where someone will assume someone else did the calling and thus no one calls. In medical emergencies it is always recommended to point and assign a single person to do the calling so that someone actually calls.
from what i've seen at least its the parents who demand it - those actually getting married usually care less for such customs
Convinced my parents to vote for WP for East Coast group representation constituency last year.
When three shots isn't enough, so you to police to get your 4th. Now the virus will be afraid of bullets too.
Very true in the corporate world as well. Backbone seems to be a missing trait these days
Former employee here. If students do not go to class, class is cancelled problem solved. Also if you are hoping for upper management to make rational, sane decisions you are at the wrong school.
brother. Just eat at maintainence (or slightly above) - use TDEE calculator to estimate, Then do pullups and pushups or something. Basic resistance exercises. Can maintain the size one
it is illegal to try to convert folks in singapore too. You can be Christian or Buddhist or whatever, it is not allowed.
Singapore'reans in 2017 when they fixed the presidental race yOu kNoW Who nOt tO vOte fOr in ThE NexT Race
Exactly. people say as tho this is a Singaporean only afraid to lose mentality. Every fucking population does this. Do these-holier-than-thou Singaporeans really think people in other countries do not take any personal action for themselves too?
No brother. This one going to reincarnate into a girl who wears a mask and travels with one of the strongest beings in existence.
Source? Is this a new letter? I recall something like this a while ago.
There's a Russian kitchen/restaurant near my office at Citygate in the basement. Always walk past and it is closed or nobody inside majority of the time. Very weird, wonder how they pay the rent.
i v o r y t o w e r !
I never understand why people do such things. it is just wrong.
Yeah alot of those girls at Paya Lebar MRT coming up to me and HI DO YOU READ BOOKS?
fucking monkeys man i swear to god, safe country but seriously 0 fucking iq
it is very hard to get a number for that scheme it is always oversubscribed
BBQ pits have been closed though. So we can sleep easy now we know that channel of transmission has gone.
Back when they did the real CSI Doubt can find such cases again due to the POFMA and the anti cyber bullying laws
love the level of detail. I spot harry potter in the background
Oooh the line is drawn. How will they implement this at hawkers?
No, you raise them so they are equipped with the skills, values and humanity to fight to make things alright! )
always it is the comments that deliver the juiciest shit
Little time to even have a life outside work, let alone bringing a new life This is such a huge issue and factor in why people do not have time for kids
trans people are normal human beings too. the word you are looking for is cis
Singapore did participate in INTERFET in the aftermath of the East Timor vote for independence.
I see. yikes consider myself content and enlightened. How much is the rent ur paying as well as a fresh grad's salary there anyway?
No need to go so far. Plenty of these in Mount Faber rolling on the floor laughing
I hear you. If there was some way for me to publicly say this everyday, like a T-shirt that said fxxx you if you've unvaccinated by choice .
Wow you described every aspect of nature in Singapore so perfectly . Gigantic nail on the head. Tiny, hot, humid, cram, crowded country and being unable to leave, makes people feel trapped and claustrophobic.
yeah right?!! although to be honest I won't have sympathy for any age group that does not get vaccinated when they can. it is just the Government keeps harping on the old people.
Nothing's wrong. it is so beautiful. Come out and see the sun.
do not worry boys - gyms will likely reimburse you in terms of time lost for your membership. We're all going to make it brah.
This is a big issue regardless of country or race. Time to listen to Stand out, fit in by One Ok Rock again.
Probably never had to knock it down once in his arduous journey to be a BG.
Um. This is a protest. I guess time to start crowd funding. But I thought India is already banned?
if I interpret correctly, its saying that of all the people that registered for help of some sort, these are the % that actually died in the end.
Healthy no need wear mask!! A human' nature cannot change. Especially, health no need wear mask.
Hindsight is 20/20 unless you are suggesting we blanket-charge everyone a higher deposit on the off-chance that the applicant may be Indian. face with tears of joy
Yo anyone from Singapore reading this please reply, i have a few questions
Must be a hard life you lead if you cannot differentiate the reality we live in from your fantasy
going to sell mine to buy the Switch Pro that is rumored this year
Holy fuck imagine being the previous guy. Just gotta suck off Durai to get access to all that
You do realize I actually support repealing 377a right. This has nothing to do with People's Action Party or the opposition. WP does not support the repeal of 377a either. http I am just pointing out stupidity when I see it
But hwa chong alumni always in the news for bad things
Doing good, did you know there was an AOT exhibition in Singapore kek
, later the clusters shift to supermarkets that fall within that category, resulting in the Government extending the restrictions to those spaces too.
I only speculating from hearsay, if POFMA need to POFMA the entire EDMW where this theory is commonly thrown around heh
So far, they have removed mandatory weekly antigen rapid test tests for all construction site workers, hope that is a sign that will allow them to go out soon.
With or without Raeesah incident, WP would have won because Jamus really won the hearts of many.
Thank god mom immigrated us to the states when I was 10. I love Singapore but seeing how my families that are still back there pains me to meet ends meet even working overtime.
Tiagong someone's ex-wife did not die of natural causes, some speculate that Grandpa wasn't happy that she gave birth to an albino grandson
brother what. that is in UK. Anyways the point is even America, the country that everyone here seems to shit on, has a policy for housing discrimination. Singapore when?
I am all for slamming eye power but there are diminishing returns on additional manpower. At some point additional idiots just create more work Source aku white collar minion
Already pre decided when my parents and I saw him running for sengkang
holy fucking shit how do you live with yourself with arguments like this. i do not even think this is an ad hominem anymore, just say you hate women and go
What hack did you use? where can I download it?
python or monitor lizard eats a pet, everyone freaks out. otter does it, no one cares.
I suspect they had already planned it. What's questionable is why they delayed it until now? Cannot announce last week ?!
Society based on meritocracy. Does the renumeration merit such working conditions?
Our medical system indeed might not be capable of handling a real outbreak. Heard that bed occupancy in normal times are as high as 95%. The low mortality rate won't be as low when medical attention cannot be given.
Other pics of other animals here ( http It was a fun day. Also monkeys have huge balls, damn. I do not mean their personalities they seem cowardly and full of bluster. But they are hauling around a gigantic set of baby grenades.
Man, poor Singaporeans, that is so unhealthy for your physical and mental health, makes me doubt wanting to move there because my kids might suffer
Has anyone tried zig? it is an app by comfort. I honestly do not know why comfort will spend resources on building two apps. Both app have really good reviews. However, zig has an ongoing $3 off promo.
Even if it did bite, it would just hurt, no real danger from these longboys.
I do not think my photos are really insta worthy, so I do not upload them to be honest.
Originally written I , but changed it to We ? Correct move. It won't be right if it was I ARE NOT RACIST! ocd intensifies
4.2 rating in google review. Definitely will check this place.
I hate to break it to you but my hand is on the same side as the spider, that is its underbelly you are seeing. I reached under the web and put my hand over it.
brother he has a knife if the taser does not land on the first try, the officer is dead
I was really hoping to see a snake today. Every time I go to PRP I look for vipers but have never had any luck, probably too cold.
Without a hand it just looks like a regular spider! They are not aggressive very few spiders are in my experience, they only bite with provocation.
The Government weaponises SM to make things like that become part of the national psyche though. They censor anything that they won't allow to propagate, but let discourse like that flourish.
I feel so bad for both students' parents. Like what the fuck, imagine you at home or work and received that call. Heartbreaking.
Thank you for sharing this. I lived in Singapore from 89 to 96 and now reside in Texas. I am sharing your story to my kids.
rip both incompetent teams who shouldn't even be contesting for mp
doubt so, by now if they aren't vaccinated after so much cajoling over the past few months then i think really no chance at this point
Thing is though, they just did a total revamp of the comfort app not long ago as well.
So tell me, who is pulling triggers on the ground? Certainly not the Russians selling some fuckin dumplings in Singapore right?
waiting on ST/mothership to pick this up, 2400 upvotes, 2x reddit gold, boy o boy free 'journalistic' material up for grabs!
That said, it does not change the fact that Singapore and Taiwan had an agreement in training SAF military personnel in Taiwan.
I mean in their defense presidential races hardly affect people's livelihoods compared to the threats of job loss and illnesses
He did not miss the point. If the job paid better, there will be more healthcare workers and lesser load on everyone.
Not really, you'd be suprised at how often you see cops pop off because they feel threatened when there is no gun present.
He was hilarious (Sweat Squad! pshh pshh pshh Sweat Squad ) but professional. He praised Yu during the first match and when she did well after, but he has to praise good play from Ito when it came. http
Speedy and peaceful settlement what the fuck part of this was peaceful?
Wow so used to american shooting were the police will drop a whole clip into then. Was actually caught off guard with just the one shot.
Nothing from CNA for the past hour, but I think ST's reporting is quite conclusive. Death or not, the other details (alleged axe and all) seem much more macabre in comparison
Oh good lord. I am tracking CNA's livestream to see if anything comes up from them
Exactly considering that these athletes actually put in the effort, train, and are proud to represent Singapore.
No nation does deserve any service. But people, be they around or behind the horizon, they do.
Used to have 1 more sign, go left can go play at board game shop. Technically exercise, just less exertion
Should have tried to calm him down first with NTUC voucher or BBT
I do not think it has anything to do with that. Unlike Chinese and Indians, Malays are an unusual ethnicity so she chose to be Hispanic to fit in.
Only hope for them to redeem themselves in my eyes is that they admit that yes, we your Government fucked up. it is our fault but please help us solve the situation by doing X, Y, Z. Wishful thinking though.
oh my god 5 people with posters arrest them now before this gets out of hand
Sorry, just need to vent Broke through ?!?! What kind of half fucked explanation/excuse is that when despite numerous people asking for a travel ban or heightened measures were just blithely ignored?
I have found my new wallpaper. On your perms that is
You can do both? Go gym, eat McDonald's afterwards. do not have to feel guilty, since everybody is doing it.
me when i still have to go back to work on 10 August
And yet when I point this out I either get downvoted or people say I am xenophobic person shrugging
are people going to keep defending racism? especially in long essay-like paragraphs and advanced vocabulary rolling on the floor laughing
I think they're just being dumb and not dumbfounded (which means to be astonished).
Congratulations and I am certainly looking forward to the release of this game. I will definitely be getting a copy to support a fellow Singaporean!
Litigation benefits tenants over landlords in Singapore? Which part of Singapore is that?
I am curious to see how decisions like these will play out once the general election cycle comes about again. Even my older (vaccinated) relatives who are hardline People's Action Party supporters have begun expressing extreme frustration at the whole situation's handling.
And I thought every school is a good school face with rolling eyes
I singlehandedly raised the Netherlands to the top. No need to applaud me.
You do not have to value other people's opinion of you higher than your own opinion of yourself.
Oh, so then how do you explain all those people coming in on short term visit passes?
And they also know how to maintain safe distancing though they forget to wear masks. I am being sarcastic
I think if food delivery could train these guys to deliver your meals, it could mean faster delivery times face with tears of joy
Thank fuck someone said this. cannot believe this has to be explained. Too many Government bootlickers jumping on OP without first applying their brain.
And as a small guy, you have a bonus of +5 AGI so there's no way the guy playing Bruiser can catch up
. first time hearing Singapore imposing sanctions on other countries. but seems like no choice , we need to stand up to such a bully, else other will be tempted to copy him sia.
Is it really wise for them to go out with so many cases?
I am so happy and excited for my SengKang friends for what's to come!!! Honestly wish that People's Action Party lost either or both coasts.
it is human nature. Just like how Asians were targeted when covid started.
Have friends that are lgbtq. Never felt that they were in anyways unequal to me. Some , I even look up to in many areas of life. do not really need a paper documentation to justify a persons worth la to be honest
I got this too in my email. it is an enewsletter from them
Amazing effort, her matches in the run up to the semis were thrilling!
Brainwashed lunatics are still part of the church. Even after evidence that their charitable donations are being used to enrich the leaders, people still cough up their 15% to 20%. I cannot even begin to understand.
Lovely down votes, speak volumes of the people here. Nuff said.
So once the frightened cat was rescued and placed on the ground, the little girl's first instinct was to run over, and pet it? face with tears of joy
Yall better remember who NOT to vote for in 2025, fuckkkkkk
Start with a smaller flat. Minimise draw on cpf and interest paid to bank. Otherwise a big chunk of your cpf is eaten by the banks. Advice that I learned of far too late.
Imagine the uproar if Singapore would have mandatory retirement savings on top of cpf to fund a proper pension system.
Indonesia is replacing those jets. The Sukhois will be replaced by F-15s.
I think it is naive to think that the undercurrent of anti Indian rhetoric has nothing to do with the level of vitriol out there at the moment. But banning flights from India should have been done earlier.
There is so much misinformation and fear mongering. I feel sorry for you and am frustrated at the stupidity of people and the lack of effort to educate them by the Government.
Why? covid does not have 100% mortality rates. The chart shows clearly that if you are elderly and not vaxxed, your odds of dying are much higher. that is it.
Beautiful picture, although it did trigger the thought that skylines are symbolic of the corporate control of our society.
There's also part time work. that is probably a bigger impact than a few coddled techies.
Is that bald Gilbert Gottfried? Why does he hate Native Americans?
It was only after repeated calls for livestreaming of Parliament proceedings that it was implemented. We 'know' why now - hope the livestreaming won't die prematurely!
I saw my bedroom door move on it is hinges. That shows how light the hdb doors are these days
End up they learn to enshrine racism into the constitution, so I think better not.
for what it is worth, this is a great restaurant. They treat you very well here, and the food is fantastic. They even serve Kvas!
But these otters contribute more to GDP than you. They are featured in tourism brochures and tourists look for them as part of visit. They do not care about you.
You know what? it is already happening since the 2000s. You are 20 years late.
Apparently most are old videos and fake news. The russians cannot even bomb air strips which are strategically more important.
Who who is this uncle and why is he so unfazed?
Chan Chun Sing & Tan Chuan Jin are the most likely to stay in my opinion. do not see the rest staying.
Er. And ur point? That Singaporeans are to fat and lazy to survive a war? Or that we cannot fight the kind of war the Ukraine is fighting?
it is from this channel called common man show - http
That could either be a good or a bad thing
Except you want everyone to serve you before you do anything for them.
Protip get a bunch of 2k IDR notes in Indonesia, they're 20 cents each and are serviceable loo paper. do not ask me how I know.
At least they can make doc/movies about us, instead of Crazy Rich Asians.
If you are familiar with the route you can make more informed choices. I have booked rides using metered fare that ended up cheaper than the proposed fixed fee even with all the surcharges (and also cheaper than Grab).
I mean we're screwed in a long war and isn't our strategy So anyway, I started blasting to scare the attackers.
Incoming politician crying on TV asking for the people's understanding.
I do not understand ur point? Also what are these 180mm guns you speak of?
At least I can own how I exit tis world
Suspect Brings a knife to a police station . Also suspect musical note Bang bang, he shot me down bang bang, and I hit the ground musical note
Nope you can choose to go to jail. No one forcing you to fight
why are singaporeans and PRs even overseas during a pandemic?
Check out servant of the people the drama, which became the party name
The joke is none of them have any links to china. The boomers are post war babies. Born and bred in Singapore. They dream of hav8ng a big country like China
Yeah man, started listening to a podcast about the recently and it is been eye opening
Well if they falsely report that is also a crime
Guilt rarely listens to logic, that is why survivor guilt exists. You could do nothing wrong and spend the rest of your life hating yourself for things that were beyond your control.
Damn the menu looks straight out of life of Boris
With his hands tied behind his back, ruled a natural death
Only for check-in at premises. After that you do not have to turn it on if you do not want to.
As an ex Raffles boy I do not see what's the big deal about schools. Me and my mates are all pretty average Singaporeans.
Yep that is us. We like our current overlords. Imagine thinking that Singapore is that bad that you think its not worth defending
Sadly almost all of us won't get to use this template.
I played the demo some time ago and was very impressed, even though I generally suck at ARPGs. Wishing you success.
do not want to give out more relief fund so cannot call circuit breaker 2.0
I remember that, I think the finale was a huge hoohaa at Suntec Convention Center where the entire new committee was forced to step down after mass protests.
it is been a long time since the NKF scandal, I think most people have either forgotten or never heard about it.
by the way you can listen to audiobooks for free with the NLB app
So this one refer to COP or just public execution?
I am trying to pretend i understand what yall are saying
Buddy this is in a moving MRT not a sanctioned fight or rolling at the gym
There was this guy at whitesands giving death stares at everyone who turned him down . Can hear him muttering fuck smelly vagina too
In case pofma come chop you Jk. Misinformation maybe ? Reduce rumours and speculations
Boycott grab. Other services like comfort is better and cheaper. They got some promos recently to promote their new zig app.
Only being able to retire in your 70's seems to be the trend around the entire world, not just Singapore. Same as insane housing prices in all major cities around the world.
Stupid advice really, what are you going to do to a guy like this? Pull guard?
I agree. I've never had a chance to live with my grands before. So there's always a special sentiment in me when I look at these fine people.
it is just now a factory to produce the next generation of scholars and doctors, nicely sponsored by their parents
Too bad Herb Dean wasn't on the MRT that day
South Asia is not a country. India is a country. Still beating around the bush.
At this rate, we should just sell our intensive care unit capacity to the highest bidder . Might as well make some money off of this bullshit
Where'd he end up? Some ACS energy from this boy
Government is not going to do anything about rent, which is everyone's biggest worry
In a dialog session between the karaoke lounges owners and Shanmugam. He literally said but think of the REITs many Singaporeans have their life savings in REITs.
I do not, but try being an Indian and broke and a foreigner. If money makes people treat me better I'll take it.
So what would you do. if perchance you found these buggers raiding your fish? Or more seriously, what should you do?
karaoke lounges owners want to cry, but no more tears left.
Grab needs to be more sincere about helping its driver-partners!! Biz is so bad already now they up the price who is going to take Grab? I am going to turn back to gojek / tada / ryde http
please stay safe and social distance. do not ltr CB 2 (
Please let as many people as possible know your reason for leaving. Especially if they have ties to the Government.
AMK, where 2/5ths are in Hougang and 1/5th in Sengkang.
What the Government is actually saying Getting vaccinated is now mandatory.
The money wil help draw more people in. And more people means shared workload. Naturally they will be less strained
Comfort fixed fare is pretty good, once I had 10km for $10.
what do you mean? are you saying that 9 mothers cannot birth a child in 1 month !?
Cut down gatherings, but bus and MRT and malls and other crowded places are OK.
she did her best and I am super duper proud of her!! hope she recovers soon from her injury
Those who can answer it or are responsible for it will be long gone
For us there's a difference, and for the drivers there's a difference.
Unvaxxed cannot queue in front of vaxxed even if vaxxed joins later.
waiting for someone to point out to you that it is on a 99 year lease.
Sign this petition to get Grab to postpone the fare hike! http
Yeah, they are cute when we see them far away, but when they are close to our house, they are no longer cute !!
Is this RI or ACS shit even relevant when they go outside Singapore? Who's going to give a damn about a school in the little red dot?
Grab deliveries have the most exorbitant prices. Deliveroo is so much cheaper (if available in your area).
not all schools. it is usually 30 mins in majority of the schools. Some is 45 mins. My school had 30mins for donkey years and it then changed it to 45 mins. 10 years later, the school is no more
This video is a simple reminder for us on how we are taking all the things around us for granted
He did not have to chup one kar in EC but he did. He could have had a safe result in Tampines.
Still sends shivers down my spine, when my mom would scold me for not knowing how to spell a word that is needed for the spelling test. The cries the scolding everything returned. Overall 10/10 post
I think what's amazing is that you can see him looking at the other speakers and feeding off their responses. I think you can heard CSJ grunt in approval at one point.
If you check a certain SPH website, people have been calling for it for months, but the only response is being called racists and xenophobes.
The money issue is easily solvable by requiring security deposits and expecting your tenants to restore the property to original condition. Both are standard terms in tenancy contracts.
I was really hoping stab bot had something to do with a knife. I do not know what I was hoping for
Influence quality. He has a good reputation from ages ago that still works for him, other influencers to help him.
Man so talented he not only verbalized but also sign languaged his points.
HR does not trust employees Many employees also cheat the system
You got money you do not rly have the time to raise your kid also. Have to resort to childcare and maids.
Some venues have a tablet/phone to tap in that registers both check-in and vaccination status if that is what you were asking. Maybe it is a matter of time that such devices get widespread
The first change happened within a few hours giving Pritam Singh an office as leader of the opposition.
When did this start? A little ootl on how the system operates before pre-tertiary.
What's the difference between your proposal and the current situation? As it is only Citizens & PRs are allowed to board the flights to Singapore, and they are quarantined for 14 + 7 days.
We have all 4 (7) variants here. Gotta catch them all. http http
Means you have far more life threatening things to worry about
No, we do not have one rupee bill, min is 10 But used to be when I was a kid, which is a big thing for us carrying 1 rupee bill around
We were not ignored at all, we were called racists and xenophobes.
Yea if it is too high they might not even get hired. I get it that many can hire at a higher rate, but there will be many that are unwilling to pay higer. it is either low pay or no pay
Well done. I had the same shit spewed at me when I worked as a relief security guard at a condo during my semester breaks.
so now i know that merlion hid his little arms (or fins?) under his luscious mane all this time! So cute.
Tell me about it. Just now I took MRT and it was packed w students. people squeezing side by side. No social distancing whatsoever
You should have replied oh sorry, I should have realised you needed extra help because you cannot seem to read the sign that says 'customer service'
As someone who lived in Singapore and the Netherlands, this does not surprise me
Pretty sure it would have been more devastating to just full mount the guy instead of throwing elbows from the side. Dude skipped his bjj classes.
Not many are lucky enough to be able to say so (especially here in Singapore!) Congrats and keep drawing! Your works are amazing!
do not think it is very uncommon that this happens. do not have any stats, but it is unlikely every crime confessed to is prosecuted. Those first timer / petty crimes etc always get let off with warning.
I cannot picture him representing Singapore on world stage. Titans and nationalists like Xi and Modi are going to bully him into accepting more unfair FTAs like CECA
nothing 100% conclusive but studies strongly suggest sexual orientation being inborn or even genetic
You are way off base brother. I am pretty sure you'd defend harder if it is someone invading you than if it is you invading another country without reason.
Wow! Are you doing this for work as well? Or just a hobby?
Proper Gfycat URL ( http I am just a bot, bleep, bloop. Why? ( http Source code ( http
HOLY FUCK YOU TOO I PAID $10 AND DELETED THE APP ON THE TRAIN RIDE BACK FEELING SO EMBARRASSED. P.S. Were you at Tampines? that is where I got caught.
subreddit of Singapore is basically an sjw's wet dream. Just hive mind loud enough and you won't be able to hear any logic that you do not want to accept
even if vaccinated you can also carry wat, so wats the diff? Theres no proof you do not carry as much when vaccinated right?
Why is there even a diversity friendly tag? Like if you do not select it you are a racism only apartment?
did you come up with this or is this some copypasta it is a work of art and it even rhymes
Meanwhile army 10 people in each Bunk, PT and training with Mask off
, reminds me of that ricky gervais bit about being heterosexual but then gradually weaning yourself onto cock
Got money to pay up to $900 million (over 5 years) for 160, but no money to pay healthcare worker.
My kids get high fever once every awhile growing up but there's no vaccine or medical emergency for seasonal flu bugs so why so scared about this for kids?
Oh wow, I am from early 16X myself. I think I saw a bunch of trainees with T in front of their NRICs before I operationally ready date-ed
Jesus Christ. that is a high percentage. 20% of all elderly covid cases died!
Nope because at we maybe indirectly support their western hegemony veiled as democratic liberation
Naw, I misunderstood HARD. I thought that was showing the spread of all the dead people. Not how many died out of total cases.
The real pain is that she is not even allowed to turn on the fan
Someone slapping someone. Both of these someones are/were prominent figures
for what it is worth, Wuhan has more people and like I said it wasn't wiped clean even first few days. I was watching livestream as well.
Might as well say what's the point of living? There are struggles in life, there are also beautiful moments in life. Depends on whether you are a glass half full or half empty sort of person.
Hi peopleessss. A genuine question though. Are schools and pre-schools still allowed to go on? or is it HBL? Cases from schools have been steadily coming up
I mean they've tried it before and it did not end very well
Not OP, but stereotypically guys are thought to be messier and unable/ do not want to clean up after ourselves.
brother how about that one peeny tweeny lil spider that is like 0.5 cm long and just runs away
What's going on? white circle it is annoying or not interesting black circle I am in this photo and I do not like it white circle I think it shouldn't be on Facebook white circle it is spam
Ok as much as I do not think uncle should have been treated like that, Uncle shouldn't wear his personal protective equipment to the hawker centre also. it is an infection risk.
Its also very cheap compared to property prices in other major cities. No such thing as a 3 rm flat for 300k in NYK.
The Government holds on to outdated ideologies. it is the people, us, that hold such toxic behaviors too. Officially, work hours are 9-6, but 90% of us would regularly push past that boundary to put up an act.
I thought illiterate refers to being unable to read or write rather than one's ability to express themselves clearly. Wonder why Vivian did not get into RI?
if you earn the median $3k its very hard to have savings. very very hard. babies need much more than a small space
that is 100% not the teachers fault tho. who can predict this type of crazy thing
Bet you did not know Dear Daniel has a sis, Dear Danielle
exactly, it is so much more effective and better for the long run. Instead, we're looking to put off a lockdown for later on for a longer duration
that is also not acceptable, and does not make what OP posted acceptable either, they're both wrong.
Our thick skin due to multiple canings confer us an unfair advantage?
actually nowadays singapore does not necessary have more chinese now
so sorry you had to get JoTeo from a Bishan-Toa Payoh resident
Because a lot of racist comments are getting upvoted over the ones that support OP
They too scared to use the words CB again but they not scared to let the Indian mutation in.
The picture just miss showing the catheter so that no need waste time go toilet
. The other unfortunate corner of AMK. Seems like we'll have to wait till the next election and hope our neighbourhoods get folded into somewhere where decent opposition will contest.
it is okay, guess most people just have an undying prejudice towards those who choose a different vaccine and think they are superior though it is not like we are anti-vaxxers. What matters is we're safe )
The power of the cane works wonders. Or slipper or belt, depending on which day you studied
Can you even speak Ukrainian to begin with? you are liable to become a liability if you cannot.
Did you happen to study in one of the Catholic mission schools? (Eg. Montfort, Holy Injocents' St. Gabes's etc)
especially good with social commentary that can tug on the heartstrings of Singaporeans That can be considered creativity actually.
chaintip ( http has returned ( http the unclaimed tip of 0.01746674 BCH 5.09 USD to USER
Huh? I remember SJWs making the rounds and using the xenophobia card on anyone who called for a travel ban from China back in 2020, regardless of one's arguments for said travel ban.
Dumb kids acting as if that is a bad thing without thinking a little bit deeper.
I was on a legit phone call and the kid tailed me and waited for my call to be over. I even waved her away. Fuckers really have no shame/ do not know how to take a hint.
Just like shoe and shoelace One is meaningless without the other.
comfort had always had cheaper prices than grab. Look at how grab fucks all their drivers by implementing a fare hike. Now everyone is either on Ryde or Comfort
Students and teachers are to respect the different attitudes, values and beliefs that different communities may have. I hope that extends past one community and include the LGBTQ
That was Vivian B. and hawker centre ceilings ( http I remember this making its rounds on various forums.
Uhm, guys. I do not know if you can just dodge draft like we do it here, but you definitely can decide not to marry, use condoms and rent a room.
Not to mention Goh Chok Tong's wife, Tan Choo Leng, peanut remarks
Get out of my uncaring elitist face. It seems nothing has changed in 15 years.
As a Dutchman I can confirm that we sleep long, or at least I do.
What's up my fellow teochew nang? Love the flair, by the way.
The current political party is just incapable of leading the modern and next generation of Singaporeans
Yeah. Death squads and shit, and how Russia did not initiate hostilities. Helluva farce. Add Did I piss off some pro-RU bugger?
I would day racial culture similar but have different national culture.
The only way to get them to do something is to generate enough negative public attention for them, which is what protests can do, either that or suck thumb till the incumbent is voted out
Would people really think that you are spoilt for NOT wanting to be verbally abused and to be treated with basic human decency when working. a job?
Huh? There will always be people trying to preach or convert for any religion. How does skin colour matter here.
Is that monkeyman ? The newer verison of spiderman ?
That means boss never supervise properly. If the boss does not see you dropping it in the solution.
This is applicable to any big religion with differing amounts of how far you can go in each direction. Whether christianity, islam, hinduism, etc etc. Nothing to do with a specific race or religion.
Well a 13 year old was murdered so I am not sure if fine is how I would describe the scene. Rest In Peace to the young child.
Oh my god. I should have checked the date of the news. woman facepalming I thought that was the reason.
me complains about group size down from 8 to 5 also me do not have enough friends to go out in more than groups of 4 (
Jokes on you, I study without my parents forcing or asking me to
even Singapore felt it , my brother working in Melaka had to evacuate his building because the tremors was so pronounced.
If I get beaten up, the police will tell me to file a magistrate complaint. So why bother
that is super low class behaviour. Worse still from a cabinet Minister.
Depends on school I guess. My school was really bad. Like when they call for back-up, the back-up arrives from JB type.
That is really impressive. I am proud to be a fellow primate alongside monkeys albeit one that is physiologically adapted to running long distances as opposed to climbing trees. Return to monke! Primates together strong!
I doubt there's anything like a majority in Singapore that thinks this law makes sense. But a few noisy groups say they speak for the majority. The most dangerous foreign influence in Singapore is US style Christianity.
Wait, how do i send my 2 kids to school if max group size is 2?
She's still doing more to help their cause than any of us commenting here.
For people who do not know this, singapore is actually a pretty big arms and weapons exporter.
what the fuck reminds me of the subway scene in the Joker. Singapore is really becoming a breeding ground for unstable and unadjusted individuals. Probably the chronic stress of the average Singaporean lifestyle. May God have mercy on us.
Often these people are mentally ill, so having a psychotic episode or something.
they did the two most controversial things in the country
My feed is filled with Kim lim today. Did you know she was a druggy, daddy had to bail her out to prevent tarnishing her image.
Singapore is on the wrong side of history here. Homosexuality is legal countries like India and China. You can get married in Taiwan, and some Japanese cities. We're decades behind.
Hold poster gets you charged but NUS sexual assault gets you nothing. People's Action Party ftw
imagine seeing a monkey outside your window. Has anyone experienced this on HDB?
I still do not get what 2 consenting adults do privately have anything to concern the freaking Government.
Legit, even my friend's mother looked down on me. saying that he shouldn't hang out with me, because I had no future
Hey thanks man. I am doing better, but definitely not as strong as before. Strongly considering trying out calisthenics exercises though. At least they can be done at the downstairs fitness corner
Being an overseas voter for Sengkang group representation constituency, was half wanting for a good 50-50 and needing to wait for my vote to be back for tiebreaker.
Yes but still less than the 100 million Latino population. Still unfortunate that she cannot just identify as Malay and fit in
Really sad for this. Have been slowly regaining my strength after an accident and was happy with my progress so far. Maybe we should really look into home exercise machines
So cute. Did someone tell them not to pee inside the pool?
brother I tried the demo! How to give feedback ?
You end up writing a lot but none of which really applies to Russia-Ukraine. Suggest you brush up on international affairs. edit Spelling
Imagine the visa run to lesbos or dodecanese for the occasional pork kebab.
The Government also urged commercial landlords to help their f&b tenants tide over this period. Read more at http I just hope there's teeth behind this
silent majority, auntie uncle will consume your Facebook posts and WhatsApp group, dunno how to send comments. Commenters is very much pro opp, almost to the point of echo chamber.
Not too bad , strawberry. Nice, sweet, and healthy. I also wanna be strawberry strawberry
I still doing supervised antigen rapid test for my company. Even though Ministry of Manpower already say no need.
Singapore Government bought apartheid era South Africa gold to diversify its reserve, while the Western world was barring trade with it. edit also military collab ( http
Yeah man cannot even get a GCB. Maybe can get a GCP for awhile though. I am being sarcastic
Geylang Bahru family murders Their graves are just few rows down my grandmom's grave. it is always eerie to see it ( it is well-maintained) and imagine what kind of crazy person you have to be to be doing this kind of thing
Talks down to people? Any reference? 1st time I heard.
Sky daddy provided is Sky daddy said you all must provide it directly to me
and sky daddy said Let the world have china wine
Why do some people have to ruin beautiful moments with irrelevant snide remarks?
because it is most people seem not to know about? not most people seem to know about
I think it is between suntec city tower? they really like to use suntec city for some reason
You can judge for 5 yrs, by looking across the river
He also stabbed another random dude before this video according to the news article
It going to hurts, Koi is full of sharp bones all over (read news on some maid accidentally cooked a koi and got pictures)
I am afraid the medical term he/she/we/they/it raised also does not care much for your opinion.
oh ya now I recalled and we have to squeeze out at least $2 so we do not end up with empty hand
Some potentially affected products include chips, semiconductors, maybe processed gasses. I think also this may hit financial transfers.
They will be their own undoing. One can stand with human rights and still see that their method will not work. Lgbts like to play brinkmanship Yo you are with me or AGAINST ME brother.
What do you expect security to do? Check their reason for visiting and check with the resident ?
What fine people with a great eye for detail. Thanks for sharing.
A single 17year old girl that cause almost 48 men to be charge with underage commercial sex. http
This is absolutely us taking a side, because if we do not take Ukraine's side while they are being invaded, no one will take our side when we are being invaded.
As a college student struggling to self-discipline during online classes, I'd do anything for a Singaporean mother right now.
and stressful, it is like living in a pressure cooker.hot, steamy, and locked-up.
but the girls are also going thru the same thing without ns
Is that true? that is awesome! I never pictured an otter infestation in Singapore.
NUS not SIM so they're too sMaRt for such tRiCkZ
even i wouldn't charge into the police station with a knife in Grand Theft Auto.
Well if we can accept further delays to our build-to-order, we can accept foreign workers to the community.
for a man with mental issues, he sure fights well.i recommend him represent singapore and participate in one championship.but then he might get his ass kicked by professional fighters there
i almost never eat during recess in my primary school days, it was mostly catching and running around the school all day everyday.
If you are not interested in the product, tell them. It is perfectly okay to say no. Saying no to others is saying yes to yourself
Edited face with tears of joy face with tears of joy thanks for catching!! And yeah I think so too!! It also helps that our Bio teacher was female so she would shut down any ridicule! Bio teachers for sex ed when smiling face with tear
i think he is waiting for the referee to stop him, in a mma fight, the contestants won't stop until the referee intervenes.
Keep going! Saying no is a skill, it takes practice to refine it. I am also trying to be better at it raising hands light skin tone
Sure, I was just pointing out the criticism was an odd one. It can be questionable without pointing out things that aren't an issue.
We stopped eating at hs a long time ago, we can afford it. Sometimes we buy chicken rice. Other than that we cook at home. Hawker centre for us is a treat.
As far as I can tell, this is a legislature issue, not a judicial one.
i would only charge in if there are at least 8 other dudes that are willing to go in with me.no matter how strong he is, he cannot stop 8 dudes all at once.
if he was indeed drunk, he is going to wake up in hospital wondering why the hell he is got a gun wound on him
the best comeback, but it is nasty is. you have me as a child but I am not going to take care of you anyway
If they cannot what are they going to eat? Instant noodles everyday? Rip to those guys whose nearest supermarket is located inside a mall.
Strong is an understatement considering he was Senior Wrangler. To some, it is the highest intellectual achievement possible.
For those interested as to why http TLDR Male individual with knife attacked a civilian, then police tried to arrest him and he used the knife to intimidate police, thus was shot in the arm and arrested.
probably told them beforehand that it was some kinda plastic.
cannot , a certain policymaker said before if the mini only earn so little how do they talk to top CEOs without losing face. so must peg to top CEOs and also to GDP.
sad, never felt any form of tremors in singapore before.
still has.and it is deathly afraid of it is neighbors russia and china too.
For post war Germans no one hates it more then them and for them to actually commit more of their gdp each year to arming, Putin really woke up people that he shouldn't have woken.
to be honest this has nothing to do with the teachers, much less the principal.
was there no time to use a taser in this case?
You did a pretty good job on the Merlion's swimming form - thicc, but no more clunky than a walrus or manatee.
Kid should get the Order of Nila Utama (First Class) for this.
yeah it is, you can watch the review videos online.
My sis have the same issue also. Big headache. Doc blocked her from taking second shot
yeah overworking tends to be more counter-intuitive than beneficial.workers will have lower morale and quality of work suffers.
looks like the killer jumping spider. normally no remains are left of its prey once done
Should be sent to meet God instead so God can judge this person.
That would be neat except it would have a new special ability called Kan Cheong which always allows it to strike first regardless of speed face with tears of joy
Reminds me of the pompous piece of shit manager from Recruit Express who asked me for my O levels score and belittled me.
they themselves not affected . peasants are the one who kanna.
BANG 3 secs later Oh shit, really bang him ? SDFJKASNDGG
Except that the way of life is way better than a lot (billions of people). Are you going to continue to reach for the sun like Icarus or are Singaporeans going to count its blessings?
We actually did go there. Got this shot ( http and this one ( http from the outside eating area. But I do not remember a pool, was that where your was taken from?
Yeah, I know. I was (still am) learning at that point, and sometimes overshot the mark. Should've done some masking. The sharpening, local contrast and clarity really work on buildings, but it can be too much on clouds.
Do y'all think the Government might institute a Healthcare national service if there's a shortage of nurses? I reckon they might get the females to come in if guys are needed for defence
That is the problem though, the minorities are constantly told to live with it . Hell, I even had people telling me to adapt or exit . Racism EXISTS in Singapore but no one here is ready to talk about that.
I think Russia could do that really quickly if they wanted. What a bunch of f ing hypocrites.
if you think the 4G candidate will stay for 5 days should a war break out, kee chiu!
Hence the importance of video evidence. Somehow bystanders taking video of the incident is up there in priority as calling for the police or paramedics.
You are an insane man for putting your hand on the same side it can jump and latch on to.
And for such a monumentally idiot reason too. This happened. because of the karaoke lounges industry.
no, min age for cap pun is 18 i believe. dunno about your definition of life is ruined, but there's likely a very long prison sentence ahead for him.
Where are all the loudmouths sucking the big G's big D now?
Glad my own workplace just says sending a screenshot of the self test kit is enough Getting an MC for covid can be kinda tough due to how packed the clinics can be
Because that was probably the time in his life when his emotional quotient peaked
Sheng Siong shares going to the moon . Sheng Siong does not have many, if any in malls, mostly are stand-alone lots or in shophouses
How drunk/stupid does one have to be to rush a police station with a knife?
Definitely the City Harvest Church scandal, especially for the younger generation. They can actually do a Netflix drama about it similar to Inventing Anna called Inventing China Wine.
Senior posting alert A common question among us parents of 20-30 somethings how would you feel if your kid says he/she does not want to have any kids. Overwhelming reaction Relief
I always thought I needed 8 hours of sleep. until I went army and realized I just needed 7 hours of rest (not sleep)
Still cannot believe up till today. he is like a singaporean trump
being nice does not mean being a pushover or always prioritising others' needs over your own though, you gotta keep that in mind.
does not look like any loosening of covid measures. There hasn't been social distancing while wearing masks for more than a year now, go on MRT during rush hour or try ION on a weekend.
I love how people always have to explain the non-racism in their messages
Looks fake. The sign on the left is the real one. The sign on the right is an exact 180 flip copy and touched up to make it seem different from the left.
Thank You for your understanding Why you not understand? - Pek cek NParks occifer
think got one year he walked a tightrope between Suntec also
Most of subreddit of Singapore do not know that $600,000/- is peanuts.
Those kinds of people you need to watch out, these ignorant folk are highly susceptible to become extremist themselves while ignoring all the morality lessons the Quran gives.
I've a feeling they will tong until June hols so that people can 'finish the semester as normally as possible'. But rules change every 2 days so what do I know.
You have become the very thing you swore to destroy!
Of course it is still very strict, show me one other country that is more strict other than China. you are making a mistake thinking that these measures are in any way correlated to healthcare worker welfare - they are not.
Man those propaganda booklets lied then. Singapore ain't immune to earthquakes.
A multimillion Government task force has advised that mandatory sounds less offensive I am being sarcastic
Sure we cannot tell them what to do. Can call them lots of things though. Racist, for a start.
betting betting is only legal if done through official channels ) I am being sarcastic
Truth is anyone who watched the proceedings would be wondering the same thing.
you are really not alllowed to be poor nowadays. No money buy house? Rent! No money buy food? Cook! Meal prep! Cannot cook in rented house? Guess you go eat shit .
We have. The Government just does not think it is enough. Our vaccination rates are relatively close to the UK and we do not have AZ Right now it is 72% first dose and 48% second. Second doses should pick up soon also
This is the most millennial edit ever. You were respectful for the entirety of the post and displayed a great level of emotional maturity. Typical millennial.
Amidst all the plans to loosen existing covid measures What plans? Looks like they're living in some alternate reality
Possibly the sheer amount of cases wasnt anticipated in such a short space of time. it is sad but there's a ceiling when planning for as many eventualities as possible.
Other countries KFC is nothing like Singapore, but not in a good way. Its not the crispy fried chicken that we enjoy here, its only original. Original is way inferior to crispy.
Thailand was a part of the Axis through treaty with Japan. Spain and Portugal served as bases for German submarines.
Rest of world living in 2022, recognising the reality of humans, while also opening up, getting on with it etc. Meanwhile back here in 1952
The problem isn't the Government, its the people. Look at the only 'credible' opposition. Their minority candidate is explicitly against homosexuality and is part of an anti-gay organisation.
We're circumventing sanctions cause you were the ones to veto them, you fucks. it is like a criminal saying their imprisonment was unlawful because they did not agree to it.
But we know STB is just going to muck it up somehow.
How about the geylang big show who soccer kicked a downed victim in the head?
si ginna anyhow dash across the road. you think your grandfather road is it?!
Singapore trying to matter on a global scale. that is cute face with tears of joy
At some point, its about making the most out of our overwhelmingly pro-employer laws. Shiok, do not even have to pay employee OT so just give their staff trivial, non-emergency work just to get them to OT.
None of the opposition parties indulged in mudslinging when Raeesah got called out.
Hi USER do you have the source on Bilahari's statement ?
This has got to be the biggest joke of all!!!
For me, political party members can be as 'progressive' as they want but if they vote with their conservative leadership, it means jackshit.
i was totally going to say that it was in between yck and khatib until I saw the dashboard. never thought the far west had such views.
that is right. people do not get the moral of the story and keeps commenting useless stuff like Fake
20% of all unvaccinated elderly above 80 cases died. vs 3% of all above 80 fully vaccinated without booster and 1% of all above 80 fully vaccinated with booster
WP needs to change their party slogan to this. it is brilliant.
I googled this place 2 days back, and google map told me when I've been there the past year.
Nice one. this actually cheered me up on an otherwise humdrum day
I am not sure how you came up with those figures.
Serious question. What does Nicole Seah bring to the table? Besides passion.
Depends on officer and their trust. Some just close one eye.
Absolutely agree. Re mental health, suicides were up 20% in Singapore in 2020. 15x more suicides than covid deaths.
I do not even know which university or schools my colleagues went to unless they bring it up as part of a story they're telling. In the end, who fucking cares?
did not they also make Straits Times post an apology too? Back when journalists had a single spinal bone.
I mean, do you really need bromptons for work purposes? it is like buying a rolls royce to do grab.
8.30pm? Try 8.30 am . All the GPs and polyclinics in my area were fully booked and I could not get any treatment nor MC for my 24-hour migraine. ALL. OF. THEM.
I grant her the highest honour a person can bestow upon another Singaporean. The title of operationally ready date fulltime national serviceman. She kenna injury, but she never rs to keng and fought on. There is respect earned, and honor in her actions.
If ComfortDelgro up their digital game and start modernising, they'd actually win the market share they lost to Grab and Uber years ago.
I am 38 in Georgia, USA and this sounds exactly like my life.
Isn't a gut shot worse also, since you got more stuff there?
There won't be any travel until 2023, you can forget about 2021 and 2022 based on their current behaviour. They've become completely terrorised, and have stopped thinking and just reverted to panicking. it is embarrassing to see.
Imagine your MP being the guy who said How much do you want? Do you want three meals in a hawker centre, food court or restaurant?
Singapore cannot afford to shut its borders for a long time as we're not resource rich Lawrence Wong I am being sarcastic
Sekali they bite you in the pool. Pool water stings like hell.
I am pretty sure there is a huge biological factors to it. Cell density in the brain, hormone receptivity etc.
So you can have a son who can serve 2 year national service to protect the FTs and 1st generation PRs who will probably make up 49% of the total Singapore population by 2035.
To be fair- safer he does not go out- never know who might have the virus. I hope he finds other ways to pass the time- the whole covid situation just sucks. Atb to him.
Well, more and more people are beginning to share the same sentiment. Who is to say they are wrong?
THE HECK brother. it is a school. Get over it. . Character 0 bye
I agree, at least put your signature (or instagram) in the corner. Such wonderful art must have ownership, and people who enjoy it will also want to find more by the same artist.
Go play FFXIV, can get some fast rounds of mahjong there.
Yeah, they do not realize what is happening. They send their money to De Beers and give their wife a stone. You send the money to the bank account and share it with the wife. In twenty years see who's smarter.
I am very happy to see a progressive politician like Raeesah in Parliament
I know right? hes kneeing him in the head and elbowing him in the spine. also stomping the ribs hard like he is trying to bust a lung. this is attempted murder
Wish I could have claimed I voted for WP in Sengkang in 2020 but I live in People's Action Party stronghold with weak opposition. Well done Sengkang, well done Worker's Party!
Why are you on this thread if its so triggering tho.
They will be fine if they have good grades etc. We reward 'potential' I am being sarcastic
Low Thia Khiang really laid the foundations to all this.
Still, USA shooting, UK stabbing. Because one have the most shooty deaths of their other crimes in their country and one have the most stabby deaths of their other crimes in their country.
Sorry, i know its pretty ignorant of me but I see many malaysians supporting Russia on various social media. Why's that?
Homosexuality does not reduce birth rates . Not having any sex does.
Many do not have incentive to change the work culture for years when our business environment is overwhelmingly pro-employer.
In another Post about SAP schools specifically, a former student actually said, that SAP students are less racist than what people make them out to be. I wasn't really familiar with the environment, but thanks for bringing this up.
Perhaps just have simple ROM and enjoy the cost savings and nightmare of planning/relatives. Can always celebrate next time. May not be worth delaying and putting off your married lives or even children.
They already have. I've noticed since around Sep-Oct 2021 the workers have been taking public transports and no one give a 2nd look. There's really no point. They're vaccinated. Just let them have some 'me' time outside work
Worst is people giving awards to comments justifying racism or displaying cognitive dissonance
, your this statement is heartbreaking and makes a lot of sense, cause if MMTF will do what they're doing to their own countrymen, those foreign workers barely even register on their minds
They will tell the citizens that the military is coping well even if we're getting blasted while they seek asylum in some other country
good move but how they going to regulate this rule at coffeeshops? hawker centres i can understand because got staff watching but coffeeshop how?
legit? what the fuck how do they know if you spread anyway?
Well, LW did address that during his press conference. Something about we cannot afford to ., never mind. You should know it by now.
Dude just trying to make a living selling his hometown food. Yet people target him. Hello, not like he has the power to influence Putin's decision. I will go and support his business and buy from him.
Aside from la kopi, which others? I got kicked for asking them if they were horses ley. Need some weekend entertainment
I hear 'hell' is where the fun is. Parties and such. Over at the heaven section, they just sit outside and read newspapers. How do I know ? I live in Hell grinning face with big eyes http
I got banned from Singapore covid La Kopi for asking them if they were bloody horses, got any examples? Or any other tele groups I can join to sip the copium?
Isn't one covid and one jab counted as full vax? cannot rmb right, please correct me if wrong
We got 4 seasons of Boys to Men. After Russia see the episodes, they won't dare to invade us already.
True. But from experience, most of the older generation do not understand boundaries and some still operate on the my house my rules and you are my kid so i do not need to listen to you type of mindset.
Other than the 1994 Film version I like the Elton John MV one http
She's done her best and with that my respect and best wishes! To even get to a semi final wz world class players is an achievement, so lets be proud of her!!
I immediately thought of the recent CNA interview with Novita Lam .
Very good point. But also I do not know if this is advantageous given how Grab is not financially responsible for maintaining the cars for their drivers.
My encik tell me to upvote or he charge me
The $5 polymer notes smell different from the rest. Especially when you run it through the money counting machine. It stinks.
do not forget Singapore has a trillion-dollar reserve to easily manipulate 9400 employees! I am being sarcastic
The ministers have not come across a single person that has demanded an apology
can you do an analysis if the moon landing is fake?
6k upvotes, you are already at the top of the year for subreddit of Singapore. Although for some reason it is not appearing there yet.
How the ruling party fucked with the Presidential election in an utterly incompetent way to install a puppet.
Need more people like him to show the world what Singapore kids are made of. thumbs up Actually kidding, I think one is enough.
Me too! I had never wondered why the school is illustrated on the back of the $2 note.
They'll usually redraw/gerrymander those areas that they almost lost. Opposition wards they'll leave it alone as it'll look overly bad and obvious
Why are insurance companies allowed to discriminate against people with different driving experience as well as medical histories though? Everyone should pay the same premiums for all insurance. To have difference prices is justifying discrimination!
The AWARE SAGA podcast on Spotify covers this in great detail and it is definitely a must-listen!
If it is not in our deployed shopping mall, we do not care.
Do NOT invoke Shrek's name and compare it with Lim Teh
You can search Aware saga podcast on Spotify, or if you do not have Spotify you can just Google it and it'll bring you to the aware page where you can listen to it too )
1. Milk 2. Brown sugar milk 3. Light matcha 4. Thai green milk tea
One thing about the plastic that isn't so great. it is really hard to wipe your ass with it when you are outfield. do not ask me how I know.
My friend is a guy who cannot really say no to his exwife. Some men are just slaves to women they love. All the bloodflow going to the bottom head until no more blood going to their brains.
Unless they make it mandatory, a lot of employers aren't going to give a shit. Especially the SME old fashioned type. I haven't received a notification from my company so no doubt it is business as usual on Monday.
Yeah. Even a Cabinet Minister resigned in protest because he felt Spectrum had gone too far
they did not get a more fitting free award but wanted to give an award anyways
Vietnam is full of jungles and natural covers. Singapore is .
You can hate the Government all you want but saying Singapore's infrastructure is third world is a biiiiig stretch.
I always go the sorry I am rushing to route. If you have anxious or tired eyes (like me) this will help to sell it.
Sick gets MC also gets warning from our superior what the fuck I wonder the healthcare union knows about all this shit happens. Hate those top level use others to put the blame on them n and we got the bloody warnings
Felt a tremor this morning in the west! Thought was just my butt spasming.
The last public tv content I enjoy (other than the stuff CNA produces) was the tv radio drama featuring 933 DJs that was aired last CNY. Other than that I've no clue what other shows there are that is worth watching.
I think the sex itself is a red herring. Gradually people want the syllabus to at least explore the existence beyond heterosexual boundaries.
If you are going back to India at this time, you better be prepared that it might be a one-way trip.
OoOoOoo. Imma going to be a cyborg with terms and conditions.
When you said Life of Boris, I could hear his intro and that obnoxious music already.
That sounds too scripted to be true, but then again my friend kinda did the same thing. Sad story
Holy shit this is going up to the front page!
Huh hushed face the local police can hit anything? Always thought they were on the stormtrooper skill level
i thought it was Reactistan (great channel too by the way) at first glance. exact same genre of videos. thanks for adding one more channel for me to binge on.
Cool Sunny weather is preferable and no rain so clothes won't get wet.
There's racism everywhere- especially in the US. Guess you did not read last year's news on the George Floyd incident and the recent post- covid Asian-Hate incidents.
Lee Hsien Loong is a high ranking officer in the army no? Halimah Yacob will be useless in a fight though.
so just because it is always been there it is okay to keep doing that? you are so close to the point yet you still miss good whataboutism, love that, super great point thumbs up
Former catholic here, the Morning prayer is a another excuse to get you to come early, plus they are praying to the air for good sunny weather.
Thanks for sharing. I would imagine that is the case. Probably wont find any landlord ok with cats unless they have cats of their own.
Anyone here think any of our world class news media will pick this story up?
I am saying that I am surprised that news of overwork does not appear in local news if we are really that sleep deprived.
Also SAP, very close to RI/AC/HC rankings. Sit on the side and watch drama together
I am surprised that death of overwork news did not appear.
What is more disturbing is that people are just watching.
brother I am pretty sure that is illegal. Not just the physical abuse but the refuse to pay anything, let you die outside part
If the truth is a cold mistress than niceness is a lie.
Only the esteemed Chads of the world can fathom the wisdom of the sigma Grindset
it would be understandable if it were the pioneer generations who built Singapore from the ground up but hearing it from people who reap success during the economic boom is just disheartening.
Oh i wonder why. maybe this will help S because H O O L
so maybe she really isn't so mad after all you know? it is just that the filter is gone in her brain.
Oh my bad, I thought this was messaging to parents, and not meant for kids. It did say dear parents and guardians , but yeah if it is also disseminated to kids it might have a different meaning.
Counting on you Sengkang group representation constituency voters edit thank you Sengkang voters!
so they have all the right credentials, but substance may or may not be there?
Definitely not USA. HE IS NOT BLACK AND THEY ONLY FIRED 1 TIME.
Upholding unenforceable laws is such a good look for the judicial system! Seriously fuck this, even if you do not like gay people you can tell that having 377a makes no sense
I think for cards it is just charge and pending then refund its quite normal for that to be the case. Must let charge go through first before refunds. Full and exact refund without penalty common too.
I thought you were referring to the spider, and was so confused.
Poor kid was forced to burn his weekends rehearsing stupid shit for a stupid parade. This is the culmination of that.
Some day I'll get in that pool, then I too, shall take a nice photo.
No way we have the least sleep. it is 4 13am Nevermind.
ya and we did not even get a public holiday out of it
To be honest with how it was going I wouldn't be shocked that in some universe Balakrishnan was going to offer him an NCMP on the spot, only fearing it would sound presumptuous.
I thought that was a reference to the police, but apparently the PDRM headquarters is in Bukit Aman. I always get that confused.
As someone currently working in this sector. it is overwhelmingly the latter. We could offer salaries similar to Techbros, and we will still have very few people who are willing AND able to work as nurses.
Simple. He will just say he was referring to someone else in a private conversation with his fellow minister and that people were projecting their own views of LMW given he did not mention any name. .
The victim should still visit a doctor to get it checked.make sure no internal bleeding.
Then the picture is pointless and biased. The answer to whether they will stay is obviously yes. These people literally fucking survived konfrontasi, riots and threats from Malaysia and Indonesia. They stayed. The average Redditor complaint a lot and hid.
I lost it at kevin being singapore and raiding jb for n95 masks . Amazing content OP
Name and shame these companies so people know who to avoid.
And here I was applying for jobs in Singapore (and move there)
I fully agree with you brother, gyms are just the scapegoat. Spoiler alert the G has ALWAYS been reactionary.
This needs to be said far more to healthcare workers, firefighters, and teachers than it does to soldiers.
Agreed. Some schools fail to teach the difference between motion and notion.
I was referring to senior officers. Was a clerk and worked with many of them. and many of them were very judgmental on the education of other officers. WOs of course are very different
True, there were a few times I've actually dreamt of missing deadlines and that my boss was lecturing me in my dreams and when you wake up, it is the same shit all over again.
that is what US always doing guys, let's form a new chat group WITHOUT someone (china) China You guys are childish to form small circles. We should all chat in a big group (UN)
Nice of them to announce after Hari Raya I guess. At least celebrations werent be as bad as the previous year
This is the 1st time in a long time I see people up voting anything related to how we might need tighter restrictions.
Well he is the fastest promoted prodigy officer of all mankind and history. rolling on the floor laughing Halimah can go hali-lek Sudah. make kopi
Rad photo man! I went to Singapore for the first time last year.such a cool country! I took a photo that was kind of like this. I like it smiling face with smiling eyes http
According to the latest 2020 Census, almost 99% of Singapore's Malay population are predominantly declared themselves as Muslims, including the small populations of 0.4% non-religious and 0.8% other religions, as stated in the following statistics. Okay maybe 98.8%. Happy?
Now would be a good opportunity to swim with otters!
Being a Muslim is a part of the Malay identity, whether you like it or not. Even if you are a Malay who chooses not to be a Muslim, you are identity is nevertheless tied.
it is almost like they were extra careful not to fuck up CNY then do not care when it came to Hari Raya
And he stepped out so gracefully in hindsight. This is called vision.
If the person is a Muslim who drinks water during Ramadan, the other Muslims have a right to be offended. But its a free thinker for fuck's sake
I feel WP benefited the most simply by not joining. Look at that SDP dude who stumbled at his own prepared opening speech zany face
it is not a false dichotomy. They are voting for those other pressing an urgent issues too, its the whole package
There does not exist a party which champions LGBT rights, because its political suicide. They will never win the majority vote in the area they contest
New Town Council kam sia Sengkang!!! We thank you from the bottom of our hearts
There's low risk but also low reward. Either way it does not matter about the timing really as long as we do it by the end of the day
We established official diplomatic ties not because of the Tiananmen incident. The late timing of it was to show neutrality towards China/US or something, I recall Lee Kuan Yew talking about it in a book
Latest data for the chart is from 2016. I'd assume that with updated data, especially from the WFH period, the negative-number would be even bigger.
I am a cynic so if this was a mastermind marketing move, pretty smart to leverage on this conflict and play victim to get the public's empathy. free PR and increased patronage. but regardless, it is never right to cyberbully
As I commented in another thread, the call for volunteers is to want to underpay either only with stipends or outright want free labour for highly trained healthcare workers. Truly unbelievable with all the highly paid ministers/generals/senior civil servants.
Safety stoppage? I heard and also been taught the concept. But what is that? I am being sarcastic
Ohmygod i was holding my mr coconut and the storytel guy asked if it was for him loudly crying face it is so irritating when they act like they're so close to you
in reservist and wfh, I have the same habit. I just sleep whenever I can
No surprise that they take pride in the one thing our society values. Think it is about the time that changes.
Halimah backflips off of a tank while throwing an axe straight into an enemy soldier's skull then lands in the Black Widow position Halimah did you say something, USER ?
If I use Zig to book Comfort cab, it wouldn't be more ex than using the Comfort app itself right?
Toxic environment for junior doctors? I am not doubting you, just curious to know more. Care to elaborate?
the sch needs the rest of the week off after such a sad day)
Then why will people opt for the metered approach then? Sorry Comfort noob here always been using Grab/Gojek
the Russian invasion of Ukraine has really shown that western 'democracies' and even many western people are so hypocritical when it comes to international law and war crimes.
Very confused so using CC & book through Comfort app, need to pay administrator fee or not?
This is subreddit of singapore. If you do not say 'Singaporeans are bad, People's Action Party is bad', you'll get downvoted to hell
Honestly speaking, is it okay to use the button in such incidents?
This is messed up on all accounts. I sincerely hope someone really brings attention to this. Dude will eventually meet someone well acquainted in the ring/cage and he would be regretting his actions then.
Those seem to be statistics from 2016, more recently Singaporeans average 6.8 hours of sleep per night, down from seven hours during the previous survey released in 2020. Only seems to have gotten worse. CNA Lifestyle, 18 Mar 2021 ( http
You can only take away when unvacinated on a day that starts with T, the sum of the digits of the date is divisible by 3, or if the top prize for 4d for the day is a prime number.
Oh yes, basically the same strategy my 3 year old kid has face with tears of joy
do not you know its a prerequisite to be a ufc calibre fighter to participate in subreddit of Singapore?
Next time use Augmented Reality photo. It serves the same purpose.
As a small business owner that relies on a physical outlet, I am super worried. Hoping that there will be a waiver on rent for this period.
Wow this is so true. Bosses cannot see who's actually good and who's just put up an act. Then the wrong people get promoted. Happens too often does not it.
I work for a Dutch company, my managers and NL team work like crazy when it is work but after work? Dooooowntimmmmmmeeeeee
You made this! Really great. Tourist board should pick this up 100%. Thanks for sharing. USER
Stop blaming just the people going to a&e for mild issues. Yes that is one issue, but there are a lot of legitly sick people too as evidenced by the full wards.
of course, I should have known that by the angle. So going by the angle, is it that NUS pool at Suntec?
do not even need our armchair to know shit will hit the fan when the people in charge are hurling bucket loads of shit at the fan.
The last time this came up, people were victim blaming Singaporeans for being addicted to Netflix and Facebook as the reason for lacking sleep.
20 years of living here and finally feeling proud about it.
Jialat. Not a nice thing to say. Look down on other people's background. He should know better.
To be fair to ng chee meng and team, they played a clean game without any gutter politics on their part.
Honest question here. I thought it was only haram to consume pork. How did it morph until it became offensive to even see it?
Fr, if he wasn't caught, they should look for him at some muaythai gyms, from the looks of it that guy has thrown 100s of elbows and knees before
Unless you are dutch, they have a high coffee consumption AND sleep a lot.
I have a problem with that. I always place others on a higher pedestal than myself. I guess its from young I always wanted to be nice to others.
Anonymous, Here I am, holding this signboard and protesting. Let Singapore and the world see this message. Hohoho, hopefully the Government will see this and ban all flights from India.
I seriously need to learn that. I feel like I need to apologise too much.
Interesting, though this got resolved, this might be useful to know. thanks for the info )
fulltime national serviceman officially do not get pay. They get ALLOWANCE. After all, NSFs are not employees.
I lost my job as a musician due to covid last year and their continual reluctance to make better decisions is more salt on the wound.
20 min later Eh brother I found a nice place to eat want to come? - otw
that is freaking creepy you know. I'd shit my pants if i saw in real life.
Can we just leave those anti-vax boomers, stubborn old folks, and karaoke lounges goers to die or something along that line? At this point, I have just about 0 compassion left.
I've been unemployed as a musician for a year thanks to the strong mandate. Just landed a job offer in a different field but contract not signed yet. Who knows what the strong mandate holds this time!
I get the sentiment but their drivers how if everyone boycotts grinning face with sweat
This is not CB! It may look like CB. Sound like CB. Even feel like CB. But no worries, we have no plans for another CB.
Some strikes are legit illegal tho, cannot elbow from 12 to 6 when the guy is on the ground
YESSSS Singapore YANGGANG this is it this is what having a candidate whom you sincerely support FEELS LIKE
So much going on in there right now I think i've got my entertainment fix for awhile at least )
Stomps, knees and elbows. This savage needs to be locked up for a long time.
Covid19 please get the fuck out of this world. Sincerely.
A whole lot more shit, at worst even DB. At least the kid has an excuse of being ignorant of what he is doing. You cannot claim you do not know what that gesture means as an fulltime national serviceman.
10 years old you do not know middle finger means what?
Meanwhile, ominous and fervert praying could be heard across the road at Star Vista.
cb slap your colleagues please hope all kena sacked
because covid no ezlink card cannot spread via MRT, but covid have work permit as it is originally from china, so it can enter all the dorms.
Oh yeah. He got whooped by his teacher after that.
Okie wokie, back into the wagie cagie! I am being sarcastic But seriously, it depressing down there.
call for volunteers macam some charity event selling second hand clothes. come lai lai man this booth for me 2 hours ok. Hello. this is SINGAPORE's renowned healthcare system !!
Operation Coldstore and Operation Spectrum. Search YouTube for historian Thum Ping Tjin's excellent lectures about them.
Give more birth so that your future is secured. Boomer, probably
never forget. a successful malaysia benefits singapore, as much as a successful singapore benefits malaysia.
Agree. I helped my mother to book a grab ride for a short trip. It cost me $7 ++. But when she took a taxi back home by herself, it only cost her $5.
Thanks for being the change we need to see and making whatever little difference you can. I personally appreciate it even if no one else does!
I hope Ministry of Health did not forget about our migrant workers. They better not .
seeing this pic makes me want to draw again. national service life got in the way sadly.
Officer Comrade, 20 missiles have successfully fired! General How many landed on Kiev? Officer 19, sir! General Where is the other one? The other one
you should call yourself saleperson's dream . and i hope you never get kidnapped .
Old people Young people these days always glue themselves to gadget! Also old people
The profit margin for the doctor to print out the stack of MCs.
Pretty sure that used to be the old Ukrainian Mart.
Yup I saw that notice too. it is really a nice gesture from Comfort Delgro.
Buy Oculus Rift. Wear. Wait til you are sucked to Facebook HQ through headset. Detonate.
i LOVE this (love the office hehe). take care, everyone!!
has anyone actually tried the comfort ride taxi and car? did a non taxi pick you up?
So you are saying Russia is like the Sovereign dude who refused to wear a mask?
Highly suspect that the guy was stopped because his understanding of Islam might be lacking and not the first time he tried to 'preach'
Wow I knew they were shady but damn 99 bucks is really what the fuck.
Really feel for all those involved in the Ukraine war. Seriously, Putin is still hiding in his room while people are fighting one another.
not sure if you are Singaporean. but we have various Government welfare schemes, catering to one-off medical claims to chronic illness. besides those, it is also very common for us to buy health insurance from private companies.
I do not see any changes to this yet. Economy must come first as usual.
Anyone with Premiere CC skills who can edit this gif into this format ( http would be a karma millionaire overnight
covid you are cheat, a fucking cheat, I hope you and your variants get relegated!
They removed the sir about 2 years ago. Now new officer only move back
The point is Singapore Skyline . I am not the only one bored to death seeing the CBD sykline
I grew up during his heyday and already forgot he existed
Thank god. I thought we were actually going to have to start dm-ing putin yooo we're not Ukraine you can just take over its not going to be much different than what we got just please do not blow us up man
Yes, this is a well shot photo, I'll give the OP that. But a unique angle of a piece of shit does not make it any less of a piece of shit.
Yes. I was pretty fucking clear that they are not responsible. Learn to read before getting offended.
This just made EVERY SINGLE THING Ong Ye Kung said the past two months look ridiculously stupid and embarrassing.
Jamus is so dam eloquent. Yeah he started out abit shaky probably from nerves but he destroyed this debate.
Like he was forced by someone and it wasn't a suicide, stuff like that. You have to understand this was in the 80s, during Lee Kuan Yew's time. people were more inclined to believe those stories back then.
Seriously its just Putin and their Government. Most young Russian people do not want war at all.
The outdoor thing does not make sense , since it is been shown better to socialize outdoors than indoors
people who use cpf to pay for their mortgage but then complain their cpf accounts are empty are just goddamn idiots
why you correlates this ocasionally-happening event to a malay struggle at the first place ?
Holy fuck, regardless if it is a knife or an axe, that is terrifying. Stay safe and stay strong, RVHS!
It is absolutely important! Read my other comment on why I think Singapore's sexuality ed isn't what it should be.
i rem got one year during the charity performance/show he personally put himself in a container of ice, waist height, and stood in there for like an hour?
our core values are represented by 3K KKK ? Men in white (robes) going to pay a visit to you
not the country's fault if the individual bases his entire life experience on the numbers in his bank/ cpf account
Sad that we as citizens have to pay for mistakes that are not done by us (
I heard the students weren't allowed to use their handphones. Why was this?
While I won't speculate on the causes or motives, I think it must be said that more needs to be done to promote and improve mental health among the youth. Suicides, murders and depressions aren't a joke.
Could it be that the man was a bit 'out there'?
Putin is wrong This was all you needed to say
Tell the AGC to moral signal deez nuts. Prosecutor for the state hiding behind cowardly words. Time to push for a referendum, fuck this legalistic limbo.
What's with the elitism in school names again? Just because they have many alumnis who are successful or Singapore ministers in it? Seriously, we should discuss about the policies and not talk about personal background.
The girl reincarnated into the witch of highlands that kills slime daily.
Alternate reality debate ends Jamus Lim si bei sian see you all complaint a lot, k zao liao bye. Thank you fellow Singaporeans!
Sure. Still does not change that this hypocrite move. Let call a spade a spade. Politicians have always picked and chosen actions according to their own agenda.
CSJ When you got political debate at 6 but must bai nian at 7
that is just honestly disturbing and speaks volume of him. Ashamed to have a minister like this. Never liked him since I saw the way he spoke during the roundtable debate prior to last year's elections.
Can a plant reach its full potential in the shade of it is parents? Unless they step out of the way. it is usually unlikely
We do not want Russia giving our neighbors ideas about how Singapore is not a real country and created by historical errors
This is probably the only time I am completely fine with karma farming
.aka.so much more easier to manage. Imagine if he had to handle a country where a change of rules can result in protests and riots.
it is also not just deleting evidence during school shootings in the US some kids used their phones during the lockdown, and notifications can alert the perpetrator.
if only there was some way you could ignore them
This country is jacked. I mean the whole world is jacked in their own ways, it is just how you are exposed to it.
Non Singaporean here. Is HwaChong 3? Or is it not brought up in discussion, because it is too Chinese (vs Singaporean)?
China I play both sides so I always come out on top
Wow this is amazing. Thanks for sharing with us. D
Yes felt it in hougang too, a few mins ago. is that just me?
In Singapore, while more people are becoming irreligious, Catholicism and Christianity has been rising since 1980. The ones losing people is Buddhism and Taoism which contributed to the increased rate of irreligiosity.
Whats the point of the question? No really? Let's ask the average Singaporean first.
Wow that is really cool. I personally only want a small dinner but a buffet in a hotel sounds great as well.
I am sure he'll be happy to hear the 996 work culture in China
Is Ben Leong as bad as Calvin? His FB posts have been rather balanced although he is for the ruling party.
Seeing as how I am kept up by traffic and also woken up by traffic, this seems accurate.
Looks like him, talks like him, and sounds like him. Jamus's resemblance to Andrew Yang is really uncanny
My unit worked with the Guardsman who was the casualty of the commandos carelessness. Truly heartbreaking to see my squadron mates breaking down over the needless tragedy
Who are you to tell the client what to do? They are well within their rights to lease their own house to whomever they want
Agree. Mandalorian, Luke & Ashoka made me continue to watch the show. If not, I will have stop watching it
i only got a smartphone in p6 and instagram in secondary 1, you are good
Probably do not have different kind of awards and are trying to get the post as popular as possible
P6 in 2017 here! i remember the briefing the principal gave urging everyone not to share anything on social media
I like this, I could go gym and then mac directly
Sad to see this ( Self love is important take care
the scarier part was the backstop of this gun firing was public transport vehicles.
This true. boys to men 1 is quite a cinematic masterpiece. The war scenes cgi were really cool and the movie just felt good.
It still paper in a manner of speaking, just not wood pulp paper
do like to hang around with . Hold on whats that knocking sound?
Actually her post is much better written than many Strait Times Forum letters . You should look at some of the letters published there. They'll make you fume, laugh or cry but they will not make you learn anything.
No, and I wouldn't blame them. Zelensky is the exception and I respect him for it. I do not really expect any political to have that kind of fire, except for Lee Kuan Yew and maybe Pritam Singh
sorry my gundam just went number 2 makan too much dim sum last night
Hilarious. Just missing the coconut bomoh and the vase that sucks haze.
Now I am beginning to wonder if the back of all our notes bear some significance to Yusof Ishak's life. Did he propose to his wife at the location of tembusu tree? Was Football his favourite recreational sport?
Weak sauce. VancedApp can play YouTube content with screen locked
brother do not need to write essay bigotry of any sort just bugs me and I can see it from both sides of the extreme
Well Of Course You Did. Mmmm Whatcha Say (Jason Derulo)
My gf felt it too. She was freaking out. Asking me if her chair is moving. I was in the same room did not feel shit. But then I am suffering from covid my body couldn't care less about some minor earthquake.
That is pretty cool. Petition to have the $5 in the next series feature Yusof ishak and tunku Abdul Rahman in a boxing match
Anybody who preaches to others who did not ask for it are just annoying pricks. Your religious concerns are not my problem. You do you I am not saying you cannot. Just do not bother others with it.
Good luck! And it is good to have a demo to let people try it out. I much prefer that over early access, because the latter is such free QA/beta that had been rebranded somehow.
As much as I found that article missing obvious context, I have to agree now. This is such a slap in all our faces who have chosen to get vaccinated.
Yeah man. I need to say sorry and reflect too.
Can we go further and blame the Government for attempting to celebrating our independence every year?
, resounds with me from 12 years ago. Except instead of rice, it was a carton of Farmhouse milk and I was like what the fuck, so expensive? Now I buy almond milk regularly and it is normal.
your friend fighting cancer now should all the more be protected from covid exposure.
I am literally resigning on Monday but i cannot use this!
And people forget. being able to have an education is a privilege.
Dude this was amazing! Reading the story behind what happened made it all the more wholesome
Cool. Let's hire. Healthcare trainers, Healthcare professors, hire a few schools, then encourage people to take up Healthcare, and . Ome year later - tada!! Healthcare resources !
Singaporean males forced to fight while females flee for a better life equality
I feel so bad for the elderly hawkers who have survived 1.5 years of this so far.
I think the device can be bought by the shops' owners themselves, phone can get around $100 now, only need to request the app from Government (maybe? I do not know how is the procedure) and install it.
Is it hard to get US citizenship as a Singaporean?
If only I have toppped up, sure give you another award. Very nice art!
There is literally chip that can be implemented on human but I never trust vaccines have microchips on it
Hang in there. Hope this all pass soon. I will pray for you and your fellow. Stay strong flexed biceps
VB is from ACS and he is insulting LMW who went to RI. Not the other way around
Considering that Russia (5th largest military force by active personnel) is struggling with their invasion against Ukraine (22nd largest military force by active personnel), I think it is a pretty good deterrent for future aggressors! Source http
That was the old guard. I doubt it is the same with the younger leaders.
Got wrapped up with these people once. It did not go near to how this went, although I am very grateful for the heads up on what more can they do to anyone. Gotta stay vigilant, guys.
I know, but it never hurts to ask. this is the third time they've pulled this shit
furthermore the data is from 2016 and may not be representative of today with covid's impact and all
The title is a bit misleading in my opinion because the graph is just developed countries
Basically treat them like dirt No need to dehumanise yourself. You can politely say no thanks and walk away before they have a chance to continue.
I know one of them should have graduated, prolly in university or also graduated alr
it is not standardized for all schools in Singapore? I did not know that.
you have a choice, start petitioning the Government for money.
Yup pretty much.maybe 5 mins to get to the canteen. Another 3mins to queue, 7mins to eat, 5 mins to go toilet and get back to class .
Oh when otters invade condo and eat their fish its cute, when i do it i get sent to IMH.
Anyone knows the name of the song of the background music?
I want this for my work pc wallpaper. Please. please share the HD (4k even better) image.
A lot of youths and younger kids do not browse reddit either. Their only source of news is usually mothersheet, which is pro- Government
It is like a Singaporean saying - how did this person become a millionaire minister?
honestly man what the fuck is this? older people had the time to vaccinate and if they do not want to, why should we sacrifice everything just to keep them safe? fucking stupid
notice how his 2 other colleagues are also much older. They're the ones more scared about covid
still can be sold as cheese or yogurt later on
Please stop meme-ing Putin. That megolomaniac man deserves no damn comedic popularity of any kind
In Judaic religions the proselytizing is baked into the doctrines themselves. Judaism does not do any proselytizing at all.
you'd be fucking AMAZED at how many selfish old people there are in Singapore. I think they actually make a large majority of old people here
He was an actor, completely lacking of negotiation or political experience. Got played like a pawn by NATO and Russia.
Yea it a pretty old building,while i do believe ghost exist,they are usually like appear in a minutes unless you disturb them.
Cnfrm have split shift bullshit. Working hours 10am-2pm and 5pm-10pm. Technically only 10hours a day, but the end up taking up 12 hours of your time.
It just seems quite odd to me that the Indian tenants are being singled out? Like every other race is fine but Indians are not?
oh my god. This is super late but I've always loved your Hades and Persephone art! Just want to express my admiration for your works!!!!
Benefits The food is the food you cook for work and the place you sleep is the place you work. it is not the best
that is what i meant? you have no idea even who the customer is. If you ask where was the interaction, then where else? Their house?
Can someone tell me what actually happens when you press the emergency button in a situation like this?
Then people starts to complain f&b is dying/expensive to operate /no hope etc etc. Even if one committed, the career ladder will lead to nowhere.
Agreed. Now is the best time to hold banquet. You can give covid as a reason to hold lesser tables.
I am fairly certain, there will be more excuses for not opening up even if we hit 70%, even if we hit 80%, we will live in this endless restriction state, fucking tiring .
How do you know they did nothing? Reading the message by blue shirt guy reveals all your assumptions to be wrong. Why would you instantly assume them to be freeloaders
it is so cool that they have managed to make it looking so authentically ugly, like it is not in the middle of Singapore, but somewhere in Saransk
How do you know aliens do not have the same quantity of soul as humans do? That seems an extremely presumptuous determination for a human to make.
Singapore's own pokemon! ground/water type otters evolve into steel/water type merlion
Not yet due to issues, but thank you so much!
I am sorry to hear that I can only say that I really hope this shitfest gets better soon and we look forward to a more normal life
Thank you! Its now my mobile phone locked screen wallpaper 3
sometimes its because people scrolling on phone accidentally tap downvote icon.
Same. I am on the 19'th floor, and my understanding is that you feel it more if you are on higher levels. On the ground floor you cannot really feel it it would seem?
Wait two years and channel 8 will keep doing rerun on every holiday.
wait did you say you were waterboarded? what the fuck where did your parents even get that idea from?
Dk where I saw this from but here goes Admonition is temporary. Flipping off the nation is forever.
I have to admire their bravery, even if the cynic in me doubts that this will push Ministry of Education to do anything at all. do not know if they're students.hope Ministry of Education does not retaliate.
So, the People's Action Party will win a supermajority per usual right?
As a Houganger, I cannnot be more happy than to welcome Sengkangers to the club victory
QTCs and CTCs are open. Google if you do not know what I mean. Free for now.
Aside from them being terrorists, they're not very kind to womenfolk.
I can foresee how this goes. Companies train monkeys. Monkeys become food deliverers. Locals losing job. Locals angry. Blame Government. Government say do not be zoophobic.
Fellow Whampoa resident here (since 2014) but I havnt seen him ever. To help me make up my mind, can you tell me what he has done for Whampoa please?
At least use back same font lei. people who believed this was real might share lai share qu. Later escalate till NEA take action. Bear NEA logo somemore. Any digital footprint can be tracked if they really want to.
I actually recently played for an arrangement of the opening theme of that game! http
12-39 year olds have a higher vax rate for 1st shot than 70+ year olds now. it is only a matter of time before we pass them in 2nd shots too.
I thought so too but then I checked the channel and the people who made it and found out they were all Pakistani
I suggest you look around for more opinions rather than basing off one stranger's post on the internet! Singapore's healthcare is rated as 6 by the WHO for a reason.
that is how we've maintained racial and religious harmony . As with repressing anything, it is pretty unhealthy in my opinion
Oh they might do both then my bad there was another channel that did specifically Pakistani ones
Protests that coincided with the early days of the People's Action Party helped us gain independence and other civil rights too. And we still perceive peaceful protest as harmful today?
I used to go there (might still) and I thought the same too esp after I saw the post skull . Very culty but I never donated more than $5 in my two+ years there heh.
Agreed, OP takes some nice shots! You should post on insta
To shut them up I always say I use NLB's app to read ebooks for free
Certain religious people's moralities are more driven by who's going to hell/heaven rather than whether things actually hurt people in real life.
he is a weebo. He kept saying Japanese words too. I am like urgh.
if it is real, which it might. these are the heros, not them in their ivory towers.
Probably working as an aide to our foreign minister
shag, I hope things will turn out better for you.
Think you have confused Russia with the Soviet Union. Russia is full capitalist.
but you see. Singapore just introduced a tech pass that only applies to the top 5% of tech talent due to its arbitrary restrictions and has a 500 person cap. Surely, this will reinvigorate our tech sector.
For the programmers, somebody actually wrote a script for the rental process that searches 99co http
Naturally acquired immunity is not recognized. Those with naturally acquired immunity must still get the shots to be recognized as compliant.
TraceTogether was lauded and advertised across the globe for the way it handles privacy concerns until Singapore Government was decided that privacy isn't that important anymore. http
No problem, I do not normally get passionate enough to correct people on these things but what yall did was really inspiring and got me fired up . Thank you and everyone involved for doing what yall did for the cat
huh what are you on about? this has nth to do with the migrant worker issues in Singapore. these issues should be addressed of course but what does this have to do with covid?
This! It seems like a political propaganda to me. I do not think Indians want to see operating flights either.
the covid cases in india are going crazy right now so i wouldnt consider to be racist but more of trying to limit the potential covid cases here
The person who spread the WhatsApp picture floating around did not even bother to censor the names of the students. what the fuck?
do not forget how some of them would still get so offended by the idea of Impossible Pork. which is vegan.
This isn't supposed to be funny but here we are.
With a guitar string. A slab of turkey neck and it is hangin' from a pigeon wing.
you are welcome, here's a virtual hug from your northern neighbour
Ive been so used to seeing apes doing mudshots over and over that this is actually a really refreshing change.
unable to read or write. I think if the remark was made because of LMW's continuous stutter earlier at the word statistics , then he might be trying to say that LMW do not know how to read (properly)
cannot keep deer as pets. Dogs are entirely dependent on humans either as pets or scavengers.
Poor financial education and aspirations exceeding means. The former can blame parents and Government. The latter is self reflection. Very few 21 year olds are equipped to immediately start adulting .
Rather than a joke, it seems like it was said out of frustration since LMW seem to be hitting around the bush with vague answers.
This is so unfortunate and sad. rest in peace to the poor secondary 1 student.
I am indian, born in Louisiana. I do not think that anything that'll promote the well being if us wio be pushed by media anytime soon
Talking about fansigns, it is crazy. The Singapore kpop stan twitter acc are now part time jamus lim stan twittter acc with him as their dp and fancams
Have more kids so they can take care of you when you are older Kids grew up to be char siu.
Damn alot of people felt it, when was the last time we ever felt a tremor
Two paths you can take here, look up progressive Islam, or leave Islam entirely. Either way, there'll be Muslims who would say you are 'sesat'.
edited Thank you for the awards, and thank you for helping me change the flair. ) Some pic I drew for NDP, thought you guys would like to see it. I removed the text, since National Day is over.
I always thought otters were a great real-life representation of Singapore's mascot, since the merlion itself looks kinda clunky.
Scary situation. So rare to see handguns being used here. But the commentary behind is just skull skull
I do not have one. sorry! It was meant to be a quick sketch for National Day to post on my fb.
Lineart in Procreate, colored in Photoshop. ) Thank you. ) I mostly use photoshop. edit had a look at your art, very nice! Keep drawing!
when you are old enough, you will know this is no big deal ) they are quite used to being rejected anyways
Besides this it is very nice. (Plus subscribed on IG.)
T T and probably the 3 pups too. Hopefully the others will survive and grow up strong.
So what is going to happen with Ukrainians in Singapore? In many countries Ukrainians can stay free in hotels until things calm down or may get a longer visa/PR.
Yeah I am on steam Solo first playthrough though, never played souls coop
This post reminds of this post from subreddit of southafrica http
it is sad to see our minister blatantly lying. please pofma him also.
Yup, both. ) I am lucky enough that I work in an art related job and I also enjoy it as my hobby.
Yeah I do find it weird Singapore's idea of racial harmony is to simply say that people have religion and to be sensitive about it, short of telling what exactly to be sensitive about, or discussing grey areas, if any.
guys I am the best parent in the world because my demon child got 4324234 points in an exam!!!!!!!
No true local singaporean indian is named kapoor . I bet he also hates singaporean tamils.
Nah he is definitely going home alright. The rotan awaits him tonight.
sorry if I do not know.I do not stay in Singapore anymore
I used to study in Australia and I did experience it. I am not going to compare which is worst because this isn't the Oppression Olympics
I've shifted twice in Australia and trust me, the so called professional cleaners do not do do jack shit. They only clean the superficial areas. Things like deodorising the oven, microwave and the stove has to be done by yourself.
Eh 2 wrongs do not make a right. I do not have to be rude back to them. Unless they continue harassing me then it is a different story.
I remember I lost the book almost immediately and had to make a police report because of it. did not have to ask for donation afterwards.
You obviously haven't met the stereotypical national service MO. They are probably one of the biggest piece of shit you meet in your national service life.
She still has a chance in the team event starting from 2nd August
Well, going so close might be considered provocation by the spider
Are you sure you served ? You should probably read up again and I did not serve as a desk fulltime national serviceman
I hate that we have nowhere safe to put them but I agree, it does not look like our power demands are likely to decrease anytime soon. I personally blame crypto for that last part.
Another responsible parent? Am I in the twilight zone or have I just been surrounded by toxic people my whole life.?
Not denying. But landlords do have a right to lease their unit to whoever they want.
you are comparing a conscript army vs a professional army? Of because US will be better. Why do not you compare us with the neighbouring countries?
yah but also because in the city you fire warning shot actually quite dangerous
Having a stand against hardcore drugs isn't exactly conservatism, is it?
Politicians do not fight on the battlefield. that is the whole point of being a politician.
Because the opposition and democratic checks and balances here are an illusion. You live in a totalitarian system person shrugging medium-dark skin tone
Seems like its the same way as how they rolled out TT. They do not outright mandate it, but they just make it very inconvenient to do anything.
I had to reread the post because you said there was inappropriate or rude things. This is as rational and sound as it gets
Good luck hoping that voting and any democratic mechanism is what will bring change here!
May I ask why did you even dare to bring your hand so close to the spider? what if the spider is poisonous ?
You can live a TT-free life if you wish. Its not illegal to do so. You just cannot legally do a lot of things.
Have you uhhhh read the past history of Ukraine? And I mean really recent history, like XXI history
Kids are also optional, there are many couples or singles who are childfree.
Yeah Singapore sucks, I left for all the reasons you stated.
This. I have an Indian landlord who refuses to rent to overseas Indians. She knows what's up
does not SMRT have more fantasy than to stick a Bob Ross painting on the window?
Jokes on you I actually just keep eating Big Macs until I puke, skipping the treadmill entirely.
To compare the suffering that me, an expat, or worse, a local, has with the foreigner workers is a level of stupidity that is hard to contain in words.
Update if anyone's wondering The fire is from a petrochemical plant in Johor. Haven't seen much news about casualties but hoping that everyone managed to get out safely. We do not need any more tragedies http
so strong I remember once my brothers were snatching a 10 dollar note in the car and it snapped into half in a very satisfying pop
Uhhh basic human rights are hardly a matter of parliament, they're generally handled by whatever Supreme Court bodies the country has available. it is dangerous to relegate such critical matters to a Parliament.
Does this reflect my sheer determination to get things done? face with tears of joy
Uhhh this country claims where to be so inclusive? it is literally illegal to be gay
The dude is secondary 1 in Queensway secondary according to my brother in same school
Ya they steal bread and stuff and run
Every angels fighting this virus war in the Frontline deserve our utmost respect.
oh when i googled minor murderers i keep getting cases where minors were murdered instead O O
Yeah the man was close enough to the officers to make it a dangerous situation, I think the shooting is justified
power structures have always been a certain way this isn't marxist
anti-vax and people who cannot get vaccinated are different sets of people, mind you
I used to watch other kids play with this too. When I finally had one, I thought it was a boring game. Bought one recently on Shopee and realised I robbed myself of a proper childhood rolling on the floor laughing
I am EXTREMELY concerned about the cat that was thrown and fell '(
As someone who has yet to begin working, is it actually true? What instances do they pay above the minimum stated?
Jovan Chew single-handedly destroyed the already failing reputation of Sim Lim Square. I still remember I used to go to Sim Lim to get my PC parts. Now I'd rather order online.
agreed, used to really like it but gradually grew out of it once I started lifting. if I am eating fast food it is going to be anything but mcd, I like mos burger way more
Florida has 'gators, we have otters. I say we got it good. Let the crocs stay in Sungei Buloh.
At his deathbed, if something is wrong with Singapore he will get up! Even in death i still serve! - Lee Kuan Yew(probably
I hope the news won't give the killer a memorable nickname like lone wolf or unabomber to attract copycats who wants the attention
Nope, there was a 15yo kid that was involved in the infamous Anthony Ler case. Paid the teen 100k to kill his wife. if I remember correctly the teenager is now on parole(2018) or something after 17yrs in prison.
Wow you are right , since there's a further notice already, that means the area is no longer closed.
How can we help to make a difference? And I seriously hope the people who are apprehended are safe. not too sure what could be done for them too.
Who was filming? Was it Vietnam? How come they did not do anything?
Are you arguing for the impact on healthcare facilities, or whether omicron is making one or not? I am in full agreement with the former, but I also believe omicron being this infectious is also a big reason by itself.
Human babies are most retarded. Takes years before it can walk while a deer calf has to run for its life right after birth otherwise it would be eaten by predators.
No wonder staff do not want to go into work to face off with a cunt like that. Perhaps he should look inward.
i always see this mentioned, can you provide a source?
Wow thanks for this comment because I was contemplating to watch Book of Boba.
Exactly how I feel. Glad to see someone else put it into words.
Studies have demonstrated an important improvement in mortality of patients with severe covid who required intensive care unit admission and mechanical ventilation in comparison to previous observational reports and emphasizes the importance of standard of care measures in the management of covid. ( http
to be honest I was very annoyed at how viv got 4.5 mins to speak for each question but each of them only had 1.5 mins. but Jamus seems like he took it in a very positive light, so props to him!
This is so good. How can I download this clip and share it out
I voted for the WP last election, but sad to say, the foreign labour dependency is not going to go away even under the WP.
Wish I could give you a downvote for every .
I am well aware, it is been an interesting new development. You'd think after so long it would be a non issue. Kinda feels like out of left field.
Imagine if other countries ban flights from Singapore. The economy would really tank then.
I read the Quran decades ago when I started dating my husband. He keeps insisting I never actually read it, because if I did I would have converted. Ugh.
My husband laments that I will never convert. We've been married 26 years. Honestly I'd fake it to get him off my back but it is so.much.work
it is been almost 12 hours and I still cannot comprehend how this happened how this could happen . Rip boy. Sigh. What a day
Can I just say how touched I was by He Ting Ru's speech? T T AND PRITAM TOO AT THE END AFTER HIS ALJUNIED SPEECH ( MY MAN going to CRY
They do not though!!! None of them do. At least they're not burning people alive anymore. Well, not here.
similar experience here. anecdotally, a lot of my co-workers in tech went abroad for vacations during the end of year and CNY periods.
brother we already spend more money on our military than any other nation on earth relax what do you want us to do
The Government chose GDP over public health. And we're suffering the fallout.
Wow. They basically kidnapped that girl and ruined her life. Jesus.
I am an RV student. The teachers did not tell us anything. We are all confused as fuck
please nobody post spoilers of the latest spider man movie. Haven't seen it yet.
At this rate, just go back to office and infect the managers who wants to see the MC.
Thanks. I think more importantly we should stay healthy both physically and mentally. I hope the best for everyone who is reading this.
I would love to see this being picked up by Straits Times so I can see some of my relatives' reactions.
Hmm I just got married last year, and a couple friends are getting hitched too. Somehow these figures seem slightly exaggerated. grinning face with sweat
After suffering Grab overcharging 60% more than street hail for what essentially is the same commute to & fro, I DeleteGrabApp and added Zig in my phone.
. I won't say all, but certainly more people can afford to live a better life that they desire.
Unpopular? did not he get elected democratically with over 70% votes?
Yep, we had the ROM. Its just the hassle of getting to the vendors to refund/change everything/redo contract again. Sigh. Like I said, just needed to rant. grinning face with sweat
thanks for the good news its been my fav mall to go ever since i was a kid
I feel liddat a bit rude la. I normally say 'no thanks' and a smile just once. And continue walking on.
Have to say that grab is really becoming a money grubber. They are close to not hiding it already Takes all of us choosing better platforms to take them down a notch
Honestly, it is mindboggling what time we had to get up for school, especially if our school wasn't in our neighbourhood and we had to travel there via public transport. it is really ridiculous, I rather start later, end later.
Technically he is not breaking any laws (not a protest) and technically he is right
Protest in Singapore ? They are brave in the wrong country
I'll go against the grain because I did not think the dumplings were good, but the other dishes were delicious.
Feels like you are doing exactly the same thing but in the opposite direction no?
The shuba and okroshka were interesting, zharkoe was satisfying and the chebureki was nice too (when hot). I went on a Sat but sadly many of the dessert items weren't available, I would have liked to try the syrniki.
yeah same. we're all confused and rumours are spreading like wildfire.
Not we but singapore based companies. Cause we're you know an open economy
. it is pretty daunting to me too. I am still exploring options elsewhere.
Someone upstairs is angry with the news they've heard so far this year.
speaking as a trans Christian wait, how does that work?
Those unvaccinated by choice should waive their right for intensive care unit beds should they get infected
Be careful what you wish for. What if the referendum shows that the majority wants 377A to remain? that is exactly how Brexit came to pass.
In the future, just walk straight ahead quickly and ignore any salesperson.
And you wonder why more and more people want to stay single or migrate
Yeah I remember doing that. Like brother, I was a poor kid from a poor family with poor relatives, and you want me to ask them to pay money for some useless paper? Such a bad idea in hindsight.
Phase 2 (Heightened Alert). I am not even kidding. Fuck this doublespeak , own up to your mistakes and call it another fucking CB.
And when he is a senior citizen , he is going to tell his grandkids when i was young, gong was a rebel.
Sorry folks, as pointed out by many here this should be ICA, not TTSH
The asking price for a Lakeside 2 bedder is the real crime here
You have brought up many valid points I agree with. Out of curiosity, what do you think would be the correct response from Russia?
I cannot believe I cannot even go to use toilet in a mall now?! - copy & pasted word for word
You do know we already mandate measles and diphtheria vaccine right. Has the Government somehow gotten stupider and more useless since Lee Kuan Yew time?
If only life is as simple as half filled glass.
Ahhahaha oh my god you should put this into the telegram chat and see if anyone believes it
At least us muslims are not in Malaysia where its a big game of spiderman pointing at spiderman accusing each other of not being muslim enough. Muslims here, aside for the very small vocal few, mind their own business.
Heting Ru will be the first female Prime Minister of Singapore flexed biceps Singapore female sign
/ so far, regardless of the number of 30 hour shifts rostered (still at an average of $15/hour), there's been no additional incentive. Extra weekends has and always have been unpaid shrug. do not see that ever changing.
Guess who's back. Back again CB's back. Tell a friend.
And we were in a hot war against Indonesia within living memory.
it is saddeningly because no matter how many more hours or harder we work (there's only so much), we cannot keep up with the demand and workload. And that only leads to poorer patient outcomes pensive face
Wait for someone to rip from the streaming service la.
Thank you for your comment smiling face with tear it is moments like the above that honestly keep us going. Hope your grandmother is doing much better (
Most young Russian people do not want war at all That is sadly probably true for a bunch of conscripts who are being sent at the meat-shredder called war (
Wait till it gets released at a local streaming service, only then you can sail the high seas.
The general consensus is that we're not, hence the poor attrition rate every year. With the average 90-100hour work week (including 30 hour shifts), the junior doctor's hourly rate is on average $15/hr (
Even if not LW himself, where's Shan? Where are the usual attack dogs? The entire team's silence is deafening.
Where you are relocating or planning to relocate to, and why?
Oh yes, I agree. I did not state my opinion because I thought the numbers spoke for themselves! Unless there has been a mass admission today of vaccinated people, that is the only way this makes any sense.
If it is after the 3$ discount by Zig then it will be 18+ after the discount fades. Right now they just want you to use the app.
How does that work though? By the time you guys get down to the canteen, queue to buy your food, you only have less than 5 mins to eat? Then still need to go back to your classrooms.
Marketing cannot give 50% discounts. Looks like a calculated move with a marketing spin. I love the title.
Uh, does this mean almost 40% of patients who got covid between May 21 to Jan 22 died, or am I missing something here? edit wait, so where's the other 60%?
I feel that when I was a kid, the only reason I hated school was the lack of sleep.
You could now make a bet on what will go first, covid restrictions/traceforever or 377A ) Oops, betting is also illegal, so do not make any bets!
Indeed. I wonder why our perception of time changed. Half an hour recess felt long in primary school. We still have time after eating to play soccer in the basketball court.
If Jamus Lim ever invests in seafood his cockles will be the most hot selling item for sure
Thanks to the Government. we are in this shit again.
Yea it is something about waking up before sunrise that triggers bad memories even now
not going to lie, sometimes I do wonder what happened to him. Guess we'll see a video pop up on YouTube someday called I gave the bird on Singapore National TV I am being sarcastic
A typically derogatory term mocking how weak the current generation are, and have to be babied by their parents and teachers. Personally I do not use this term, as I believe everyone has their own sensitivities
Now we are just missing a Tesla wheelchair in a ball
Amen brother. Always remember to give more, sacrifice more, rip out your heart and lungs, only then may you achieve the ultimate approval from the deities
Good the kena whack guy can use priority sit for a few week
For some of the poorest folks in India, 110 Rupees will get you 3 meals a day, or some might be getting paid that much as daily labourers!
Polish prerogi is more of a dumpling while pirozhki is more like a stuffed bun.
shortage of homes Is this a good time to thank Mah Bow Tofu Tan?
Personally quite a few of my relatives are islamaphobic (the irony is that they complain about people being racist to them too) Just crazy!
more cases than fully open countries Denmark 7-day average cases 39,190 Denmark population 5.8mil Denmark pop density 137 per sqkm http Singapore 7-day average cases 14,564 Singapore population 5.6mil Singapore population density 8358 per sqkm
He likely woke up from the pain when he got hit.
Some may say that singapore is better in that overt racism is rare as compared to European countries Who?
Honestly should be the other way around. I'll rather be outdoors with adequate spacing between people in a 100 man crowd than to be in a church with the same 100 man crowd.
Par for the course. This exact topic crops up at least once per two months.
Is that a fact Fighting generalisations with more generalisations clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands Genius
To add on, should say hey you see Transcom Police here then you run fast as fuck.
The US is the foundation of the current international order.
This dude did not even have a skin for his knife
We have plenty of assets parked overseas. Pretty sure they are meant to raise hell if Singapore falls.
Ok forgive the dumb question, I am still working my way through the history. I do not get the thing SGs have against white people? Because they packed up and bailed out when Japan invaded?
No gore/blood visible but there is a single gunshot and the assailant who took the bullet fell to the ground. Video quality is pretty bad cause its zoomed in and taken at night.
And my favourite Of course, there are just some challenges on the ground that we need to overcome, but we just need to put some thought into it.
Yes notice how they make a big deal of it instead of pretending it does not exist.
I do not think this is about racism, maybe it is more of singapore Government bowing their heads to corporates? Who demand their Indian national workers to come into Singapore?
And can help track sexual crimes too according to Singapore police logic
Even if all the group representation constituency/SMCs with +- 5% vote differences swung over to the opposition back in GE2020, it'll still be only 23 seats out of 93. Still a comfortable supermajority for People's Action Party.
Holy shit hope everything is fine man. I have friends there too
Shit parents must be so worried man is it to prevent misinformation I texted My friends no reply yet haizz I cannot imagine being In their place. this is quite unexpected for Singapore
it is alright, you do not need to justify why you are comfortable with staying at home. Neither should people who prefer the independence of moving out. Different strokes for different folks
that is the type of in the box thinking that should see you straight to the top! Expect your promotion letter in the mail!
Side note I am anxious to know if they will keep my cleaner uncle. he is really awesome, does a good job and watched my dog grew from a puppy. Wouldn't want to trade him for anyone else.
This sub - Get booster also got covid or die, just open up already. No need mask , see all ang moh country all no mask already. , Singapore so backwards . Minister only move goal post every day I am being sarcastic
I have to postpone by wedding twice since last year May. emergency uninvite my guest list down to below 50 last week and now I have to postpone it for another time. God have mercy on me!!
Honestly? Aren't we, (singapore) in the top ten with unhealthy work life unbalance/ working hours?
When they said Russia started bombing the east. I did not expect it to be this East.
I know several new restaurants that JUST opened in my area. This is going to fuck them up bad
Because some people are just idiots, no stopping fools like them
River Valley. Very short walk from Fort Canning MRT. Near UE Square if you know where that is. (Source I live nearby)
Been interested in picking up some self-defence stuff. Any good BJJ places to recommend?
big brained comment, somebody make this man the chief of air force ASAP.
If economy is more impt then do not close the businesses. do not force restaurants to go take out only. The cases that come from restaurants compared to people going to restaurants is NEGLIGIBLE Same for gyms
Which is technically 6 20 am if Singapore just followed its actual timezone.
I've given up on fb, all the singaporean news outlet comment section flooded by tankie horseshits. cannot tahan. You see the way they comment makes you wanna give them one slap across their face one.
His closing was good because it was scripted. Throughout the debate tho, he was so-so.
it is what happens when you let the Government't make all the decisions. it is collective blame and consequences
Will laugh if there ends up being a 'Further Further Notice'
They woukd do it for the photo op but they running right after
million a year to cry fake tears and do whatever the fuck they want, nice one people vote pap still somemore
Self loathing americans are everywhere now. Lazy bums that drop out of school, that refuse to work and get Government handouts wastes their time watching too much tik tok and is somehow convinced that their country is the problem. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
sooner or later just ignore and say no speak bad english. or just move the sign.
Grievous bodily harm. In the UK, assaults are categorised depending on the level of injuries, grievous bodily harm is up there and a notch down from manslaughter.
Their motherland media tell them anything they need to listen, otherwise they are race traitors and their ancestors will weep for them.
you guys get 7.5 hrs of sleep? I only get 3-4 hrs!!!
Yeah IB/M&A definitely, but guess their pay is more than double of mine .oh buy side has to work till 1+am too? I thought the hours were more reasonable
yes, unkers use tiktok to watch xmm from a certain country dance and watch propaganda from foreign affair ministers from a certain country as well. more accurately, douyin.
it is a stupid strategy to keep importing more people anyway, how is it sustainable? In the future the lower income would have to live in underground bunkers?
Decadent capitalist snacks! Only Russian turnip here - plain, hard, and joyless.
Yes of course. Just like how we exempt medically unfit personnel from national service, I am sure we can do the same for those who have valid reasons.
Easy . Take parts off non working Russian jets and use for warranty, outsource tech support to India. rolling on the floor laughing face with tears of joy
We only had 1 in intensive care unit the last 6 days.
Of course. No one dares go out. You do not even see cars anymore on the roads. Who's going to rush and buy the food in the supermarket now
But I love it when the neighbours cook curry! i guess i've never had to live within curry marinated walls, but it cannot be worse than a smoker's room.
NUS pool? Thought this is the MBS infinity pool. Suntec's not going to give you this angle.
I mean, discussion is fun but why do we even have threads like this? This is just a kneejerk reaction to compare everything to Singapore even when it is silly once you consider the context.
Our Government't is super kiasee about everything. got no balls politically speaking
Ok, go wild here, this is the party thread for all WP supporters! Other similar submissions will be removed to help with the clutter.
refreshing not to see the merlion locked in seahorse pose.
Make it your life's goal to revolutionize change, maybe history will remember you, it only takes one man.
Oh wow, that is some strong language. Something we rarely use.
a deep sip from a very tall glass of told you so http
fun fact, in the 1977 A levels, opposition politician chen show mao was the top scorer, beating vivian and lui tuck yew who were in the same cohort as him.
Remember those elderly may have underlying symptoms that exclude them from vaccination.
They've absolutely bottled it. 50% double jabbed. What's the fucking point?
rafflesian privilege is real brother. AC and VJ boys still salty despite being cabinet ministers
national serviceman here. Field camp next week will still carry on with 100+ men without masks. Why tho?
The fact they're going on with ndp is a slap in the face to all the restaurant owners. You cannot have 2 people groups dining in but they can have how many thousands at a parade
telling people to grow up, giving excuses, shifting goalposts, accusing others of bad faith, vaguely elitist smears against polytechnic, blaming others for your own words. tell me, have you ever considered being a politician?
I was thinking the same thing. Doubt you'll get an answer now though. Just wait for official guide or see others test market
I am not sure if people who praised Suharto are also right wing Islamist Well, the last presidential election show that . to be honest I do not expect lot of them to learn much about history
The society is hypocrite at best. It has been far too common in Singapore where one is crying about discriminatory action against themselves, while behave like bigotry towards another less privileged group.
it is an axe brother . Yes gangsterism happens but I do not think most of the paikias in school would even think of brining an axe to fuck someone up this badly, let alone murder
Recovered individuals are allowed to enter malls too! But I am not sure about how to prove you are recovered. no experience there sorry.
Pap leaders be like how come we did not talent scout this guy? We need to reflect on our candidate selection
We really shouldn't be a country. Singapore is a company pretending to be a country
Why does not the Government just close everything then so they do not get any blame at all I am being sarcastic
This lim from wp is better than the lim from pap
What the fuck? They did not know each other? Back then even my school's gangster won't use an axe to slash people, what the fuck
Minister does not browse Reddit . They day dreaming taking high salary at home , so called WFH
do not do that thing with the clouds! HDR everywhere does not look natural. people need to look at a photo and think that is what you saw, otherwise you lose the effect of awe
You have to wait, she's not smart you know. Utter illogical statements like these, you know that they are retards beyond comprehension.
Yeah, it is the second major death-ish incident that happened in the span of a month, I just want to study in peace.
sports I attended one of those good schools where even sports is ultracompetitive. If people weren't gold medal-winning material they were asked to leave the CCA. Absolute bullshit.
Be like me. Play the long game, hear them out, pretend to be interested. Then you say you go hone to decide. Then you wait like a few mths then call them to say I am not interested
Unfortunately, there is no line to draw as casual racism seems to fuel prejudice and discrimination. http
I heard he was in GEP class . Issit ?
i felt a gentle rocking for like a few secondary! I am in tampines too
yes you can move to a quieter town. its called jb
I mean he just flipped off the entire country face with tears of joy . he is got big balls though, gotta give him that
The needs of many outweigh the needs of the few - Spock
You only need a bench and a set of dumbbells to work out the whole body.
Keep your $2 with your $50 and it will started smelling like m o n e y
As a parent, I am trying my best to be the change I wanna see.
This is why it is important more people train strength and martial arts. If more good guys knew how to fight then we'd see less incidents like this.
He saw a smaller country stand up to a much larger aggressor and only manage to hold out with incredible amounts of help from the international community, and our takeaway is that our military needs to git gud?
Not this shit again, tenants who are Renting out their apartment should be free to choose whoever gets to stay. The tenant can say no males allowed and I do not give a fuck either
Maybe because everyone speculates on big news events as I am sure the student here has too.
Ok so what do you do in this kind of situation when you are a bystander? I'd probably tell the aggressive guy to calm down and get my own ass beat (
VB has always been known for being elitist and arrogant. Nothing new.
I see the Harry Potter series on the shelf. Where got time for leisure reading? Girl, this year is your o levels, you better buck up! Otherwise you'll turn out like Filch then how?
Meanwhile the aunties and uncles staring disapprovingly from the next cabin and sneezing/coughing openly.
I am about a decade older than you. Looking at kids like you gives me hope for the future.
Not the same outlet but you can also see Sanders Senpai at the kallang KFC branch.
If you have to justify yourself as not being racist, you are usually being racist. Yes, ban travel but not only from India, from all countries. Be equal opportunity racists and also learn how to pronounce stone and salmon .
Using agun is justified in this case. The police already knew he had attacked another man prior.
HDT, the only taxi company that had a salary mode, closed down last year. I was sad to see it go especially with its unusual business model in Singapore market
Maybe he really likes lotus , since Lian hua is a spelling for the chinese word lotus
Has anyone actually been charged with 377A in recent years? Or is this something to make people think that they're changing
do not sell it until the Switch Pro is released . Remember people panic selling RTX 2000 GPUs to buy RTX 3000 GPUs? Some of them did not have any graphics processing unit at all.
By the way , do you guys know what will happen to the Chan Chun Sing? Still operated by PA or what?
It takes practices. I saw one streamer from 2hr pomodora session(25 mins study 5 mins break. Every 4 study session 25 mins break.) to a monster that do 55 mins study/5 mins break for 6 hours
Really proud of Singapore for this bold move to condemn Russia's actions. Finally we are no longer playing Switzerland . This act is especially important in taking a stand against unprovoked invasions and bullying by larger and sometimes more powerful neighbours.
I came across one outside of paya lebar MRT, told me them no and walked away ,so yup.
Ministry of Education being dumb. A trans dude needs to prepare for his serious. There is more preparation needed depending on which method. Bless trans men.
does not he get loyalty fees if his movie is streamed on any streaming services ?
Wa meng ti Wa meng ti Kam ee tang mai chong di
please the Russian rep had no emotion with his speech. The rapping translator had more emotion with her voices even when she is rapping
All our managers came together to chat about this. No one had much to say. ( I work in a restaurant)
that is why I am leaving out of this place. You hit all the right spots.
Taiwan has a strait protecting it. If PRC cannot get air superiority, it is very unlikely the war would happen on the land at all.
Me too, I am offensive and I find this totally not xenophobic
To be even more specific some expats . Def we do not all fit into 200k+ expat lifestyle
Define items that can be used as weapons ? Because even paper cuts are deadly.
I am not sure about this. There are way more cases of attacks on police officers than cases of suicide by police. And, this is Singapore, where police will really try their best to not have to kill you.
If our Government actually wants to implement that Press a thousand X to doubt Confirm comes with alot drawbacks
they see some videos about stat/graph can lie but did not really understand the gist of those videos
If my wedding is 100K, I will have second thoughts marrying that person.
No budget that is why. Top dogs will never touch their own coffers. If one day really got war wait and see how many will run first hand.
Dads a comfort driver. Confirm its true that they pay rental less now during pandemic and no fare increase for passengers. But it is still a struggle to find enough passengers on some days though.
Threesomes ok in your house as long as it is just once per day.
do not have such a fucking expensive wedding then for a start .
There is a reason why during guard duty, we are given the AOJ card.
do not even stop to talk to them. Just keep walking, do not feel paiseh because it is their job to be there.
Yea so many weird comments here. And also so many theories about suicide by police. ? Simi overstress and frontal lobe cannot think.
that is why we have so many songs like secret love song and all that
Curious, what part of his decisions do you believe to be senseless?
it is to protect our Migrant Workers from the dangers of the community. Later they cannot work how? Who is going to feed and pay them?
The 161k increases 5k a year. so lets all just work till death
Those who have gotten the virus before should still go for 1 jab. Studies have shown this hybrid immunity is even better.
Problem detected. This is why the world is taking so much time to improve. Oh we make life tough for you? Deal with it, it is a norm and fact . Excellent stuff
Those girls would make the worst doctors ever. Kills the patient by abuse and shock!
Does this mean they have have been bolstered by the fake numbers in their chats for months? .
You have a group of 8 other friends? Show off
what drove him to kill another person . . . .
Just because you said you were eating popcorn? So anti vaxxers are also anti popcorn?
I do not disagree, but I still buy it sometimes anyway when I am in mood for a junk. At least its better than Burger King's oversized junk.
How come so many singaporeans still can afford private property of $2k psf and above?property prices also not dropping. Something must be missing.
They can get an appointment with an allergist to determine whether they can get covid Vaccination but yeah this wont help those who really cannot get the vaccine even after the appointment.
It usually got waived nowadays. Just like bank transfer fee got waived for paying different bank CC.
You would have an exemption as a recovered person but I think by then you would get your second dose as well?
Out of their own pockets for no work done?! Outrageous! Next you'll say something crazy like forgo buying a new S-Class.
Can confirm, I have an abnormal ecg but was cleared by echocardiogram done at KTPH during my enlistment 3+ years ago
Jesus . Thanks for your links seriously every now and then my opinion on the Malaysian Government keeps declining into being a cringey parody.
Lawyer and pro-LGBT here. This is very very good news. This is a massive victory.
Minor correction (East) Timor Leste isn't in ASEAN. yet. So that makes us Singapore the only ASEAN chad out there.
So scared of appearing xenophobic, now whole country have to lockdown, affecting the economy even more. Penny wise, pound foolish.
Russia was boycotting the UN security Council and Taiwan was the one with the veto at that time.
Wait for real? Any source? that is some twist I did not see coming
I honestly think it is propaganda to make the West fall in love with him and make him look heroic.
There is a reason why our Total Fertility Rate is one of the lowest in the world.
I do not think Russia has done very much to dissociate themselves from their history. Well they're literally stalking Ukraine like an overly jealous ex-boyfriend.
wait what?! damn racist sia and they selected the diversity friendly flair?! what the fuck what's wrong with this owner and what problem do they have with the tenant being indian?!
This scared the shit out of me in my national service days
So you see nothing wrong with modern day colonialism? Okay, clown.
in telok ayer area, my colleague and i felt the building swaying from side to side, drinks also moving. thought we both suddenly had vertigo.
But vaccinated people should also not be complacent. You can still get infected
all the nsfs with their 7 hours of uninterrupted rest be pulling the average well below 8 hours
Actually we are better alr. At least we still queue up and pay for the stuff. In America, they will start looting the supermarkets.
if anything, that is the only silver lining from this entire situation. sad as well that something this ridiculous had to happen for the general population to realise the lack of decision making nous.
No, the key is to say no, I am not interested and keep walking. Eye contact shouldn't be the thing that changes your mind.
because many people think the Indians will cook curry and shit and then when they leave the owner will have to deep clean the house.
A relative just told us today he is recovering at home with covid. he is a nurse at one of the major hospitals, and his dept is seriously understaffed.
MMTF To help relieve the healthcare burden, we are going to provide guidelines on what companies can do. Do note it is guidelines. wink wink
Yes of course at the end of the day it always boils down to skin colour pensive face
Or do you prefer the afghan leader who flee to US with his suitcases of USD at the first sight of trouble?
covid situation. they dony want long queues when its $4mil or $8mil
.was I not supposed to be doing this? There's no sign. How was I to know? Where am I to get my daily drinking water from now?
To elaborate on this - the majority gets safety and stability while the marginalised do not. So if we're comfortable with sidelining certain groups while we live on in safety and stability. ok.
Well, the Russian posting this Facebook post is sitting in an air conditioned room, protected by security in safe Singapore. He or she is not the poor and clueless conscript being sent to Ukraine
In Singapore, all ministers are cut from the same cloth
Why ask the average Singaporean? Our lives does not worth as much as theirs.
Hating a Russian food place would be like hating Chinese restaurants because of China or a burger cafe because of the US
Christ, Singapore sounds like hell. I do not appreciate being in Canada more. minorities are treated exactly like the rest, at least in my school
If you listen to some parts of Reddit, they expect them to fly back to Russia and personally take out Putin.
Whenever I am asked about my retirement plan, I just tell people that not having kids is part of it.
Fuck Grab. I am deleting my Grab app. Comfort all the way.
I hv young colleagues who refused to take the jab as well face with raised eyebrow
Saving everyone else the trouble of googling, points 1-2 are from here ( http
Exactly. Case numbers do not matter as much as the death numbers. it is like discussing the herpes virus. I can easily say 90% of people in modern societies are infected but how many develop severe disease or die?
do not forget these down arrow http http SIA kop money http APB kop money Simply wow.
actually i recall that Ang Yong Guan was still invited on ch8 to talk about psychology even after he ran for SDP in 2011.
Is this taken from the pool at Marina Bay Sands?
I am pretty sure it is roughly the same for most schools
Back in the day clubs at Mohammad Sultan would pause certain techno songs for beng chants Kao peh !
It was handed out to the kids to give to parents, so most kids probably read it.
Is there no mention of shoot to disarm? I guess police have different procedures than army
he is still basking on his secondary sch debate days glory. that is why many people of his generation (and incidentally People's Action Party supporters) thought he was a sure bet for that hastily organized pre-election debate on ch5.until Jamus stole the spotlight.
Nothing. I have issues with the Government having issues with homosexual and/or LGBTQIA+ families and calling it unhealthy, and them specifically talking about nuclear families as if they aren't accepting other types.
The nuclear family is generally defined as a family group made up of only a father, mother, and children, which is basically shunning out single parent families, families with step-members and etc.
Many people outside this region conflate Malay with Malaysian. Even in HK.
Wootz do you have a team working on this or is just you alone? While i do not game, in any case good luck on the steam next fest, the screenshots are awesome looking!
We arent hating on nuclear families or heterosexuality. We are hating on the fact that any other sexuality or family type isnt accepted here.
pity Koh Choon Yong not running this time round - he had been doing the translations for WP.
Remember it damn well. And when all the junior college girls had to parade in front of le principal for him to check our skirts and fringe
Well brought a knife to a suicide by cop scenario
Probably soon enough, and reputable streaming services will actually carry it soon enough if Diam Diam Era serves as a guide.
does it matter if they do? the most important thing in war is leadership, and you do not exactly want your leader taken out on the front lines.
That is quite possibly one of the worst things you can do.
Me when glancing at the title I wonder if OP took a pic of the vodka shelf? Seconds later Me Yup, there's the vodka shelf
ACS boys never forget their rivalry with RI, even if they are lying on their death bed
The complicated dining-in rulebook that only lasted for three days. Our policies damn solid
Back in the army I used to throw small twigs at their webs. The spider will rush towards the twig thinking it is a prey after which it will untangle the twig and drop it on the forest floor.
Ya but Singapore and Malaysia have absolutely no reason to have Daylight Savings time when they're on the equator, they aren't north like China.
Get paid so much still want so much benefit of doubt? Fuck off
Also bullets shot into the air do eventually drop back down to earth and can cause decent damage to whatever they land on.
New Zealand and Finland come to mind. New leader of Chile might be good. Too early to tell. There are quite a few in their 40s and 50s, But plenty are in their 70s and it shows in negative ways.
Is it now the recruitment companies take the $2-$5 per hr
Do send me a PM of your shop's name if you can!! Would love to support where I can! you do not have to soldier on alone!
Can PM me a link to some of them, would also like to watch anti-vaxxers throw tantrums.
Just walk in, the kids stationed there are not paid enough to care
Cleaning our rifles after our route match at 1am was 'rest' according to our Encik /
Thank you for the translation, first time I've seen one here for us Malay/Indian Singaporeans )
Technically it is not illegal to be gay, so long as you do not fuck man shrugging light skin tone
No worries. Already saw it coming the past week. cries again
I have them too! McDonald's gave them out in happy meals in the late 90s
Those giving no fucks are taking baby steps for there to be less tying of race to religion. The rules and traditions are all invented by people anyways
Was sad when I found out I would be moving house, away from Aljunied group representation constituency. But, it warms the cockles of my heart to say that the new house is within Sengkang group representation constituency. thank you SENGKANG. Let's keep up the pressure.
Can we have a graph of excess death less covid related ones? I think it will show a clearer picture than this.
Wait it got so bad now? I rmb the black bag and separate section right beside pet food at yayasan but I do not recall separate counters when I was there about 10 years ago
hey, thanks for the offer, really appreciate it. i feel that you guys should support hawkers more instead as they need the help more. thank you for the offer once again
Ya , there's a 2 week lead time for the last batch that were allowed in and still in the SHN hotels.
If not how to hit cpf kpi of 4% interest to our retiree heh.
I hope for minimum casualties, that mushroom cloud is huge The amount of insensitive comments in this thread makes me appalled.
Yea , they wanna die what. Let them suffocate in their own lung juices when covid gets them
This half arsed CB makes the authorities look like cocks And in the end we're the ones being fucked
because they scared to take responsibility if really something went wrong with the vaccine
We only recognize biological genders, the law does not care if you identify as non-binary/robot/unicorn if you got kuku bird then you r male
Thank god for this video, think it will help with investigations a lot
jumping on the hate bandwagon without even reading the news properly.
this is why people say working is similar to salt. you need some of it to survive
Even GPs are overwhelmed. The clinic nearby my house has a 6pm to 10pm opening hours. At 8.30pm, registrations are already closed because there are just too many patients.
In the full video, old uncle said he usually see 1, 2 and 10 denomination rupees. The largest he has seen was 500. So holding a banknote worth 110 rupees is quite amazing.
I am Malaysian and its actually worse in Malaysia. They even come after you when you post photo on instagram or TikTok even for not wearing headscarf as they like and worse for women that do not wear them at all.
I am so jealous omigod. You guys are so lucky to have this man want to serve your country.
I was just going to say this, it is so fucking ironic.
So parade is still on with a thousand people congregating, but I cannot take my vaccinated family for dinner. Seriously what the f g s t. Cancel your NPD or let us out to live our lives.
first to fly will be them already edit to be clear its when we are fighting a 100% losing battle
Oh, thanks! But really, the fuck are they talking about? And why am I being downvoted for asking?
I think alot of gyms are by booking system now so it probably wouldn't be much different
Even if they asked for a bigger group to protest, the police would charge them with having a group bigger than covid laws allow. That would detract from their purpose. It was right to stick with 5.
brother ? What in the American hell is this ? that is fucking scary.
or OP can pick up your phone and start texting and say Sorry I am busy right now
it is really dumb to close down gyms but not weddings and religious gathering. Feels like they just want to show that they care about mental health by still allowing religious ceremony and weddings to proceed.
Ohhh I finally see it, just sticking out the side, yeah yeah
If you are the target of subtle or blatant racism it still hurts in the same way. Call it out and stay strong!
A stark reminder of the backwards society we live in. Coming from a young, reasonably privileged perspective, such antiquated views may be foreign to many of us, but there really are a lot of crazy bigoted people in our country
There's a tinyyyy sliver of something just positioning itself into the frame along the right hand side. If you look at the very corner itself of the picture you should be able to see it.
I've actually been here! Bought a bottle of cherry juice and some poppy seed pretzel snack, was pretty delicious.
good post. however lack of munitions quite telling of what? that they're a developing country?
Gong xi gong xi. Brothers and sisters at Aljunied and Hougang are not lonely anymore! They have gained a new sibling! So envious of you all there right now.
i believe you. also, the amount of Chinese people online supporting Russia's invasion is truly chilling.
I am quite impressed at ur ability to arbitrarily link war and tracetogether, of all things
Israelites in the desert. Manna from heaven? It'll put so many grab and food panda riders out of work.
the head looks sorta disjointed from the body were you planning another head pose at the start? love the colors and background tho, looks like a painting/photograph.
And if we nuke ourselves accidentally, even for once, we're pretty much cooked
Thank you for writing this and for sharing your experience! I am so sad you went through this. broken heart I really hope that by amplifying our voices, we might change our society for the better growing heart growing heart
Um, are you sure? The British colonised Malaya, not the Dutch.
Since you are considering them as benefits why not giving the option 1.6 k monthly salary, come at 8 and leave at 5pm and public holiday like normal people?
what i actually look like vs what i think i look like
The gap in what he said and the reality is technically a lie. But since it is not under oath, it is aaaall okay. No need of asking to substantiate, pofma, and do not bother with investigations.
Can go get their Swiss standard of living for realsies.
Same as the Malay wedding $50 Amy Cheong. cannot say I remember this. What's it about?
we are at psycho pass levels of society now. welp, someone literally getting murdered on MRT and people bloody WALK AWAY
Literally no one out there is not nice. Why the downvote? does not this mean that everyone is nice?
Seems that people from other countries are more concerned about their welfare than our own Government. http http http http http
Form a committee and release a research paper 6 months later.
Goes to show even if we pay millions to our ministers, money just cannot buy class.
Separating fully vaccinated and boosted is weird. you are not even allowed to boost till 5 months later. And death is good and all, now please also share the figure for long covid
If you do not even know what bans have been put in place already, you really shouldn't be commenting on the issue
This!! Only either the TT token or the TT app will be accepted after 17 May.
Would be a chad move if they merge everything into 1 town council
Sadly not the last time I went. Was actually there last time intending to buy it. Ended up buying chocolate and kissel.
it is more like costing the posh people at Sentosa cove but that is just details. http
Please add other news sources as a reply to this comment. We'll be removing duplicate threads.
Same thing happened to me just that I found out I was positive on a SATURDAY. 1. Most clinics are closed 2. I had to WALK around to find a clinic that is open
Some specific bubble tea company is missing a perfect PR opportunity
Oh my god, it was taken in 2021 ?! That completely changes the context of this post!
so much balls of steel that I hope you become spiderman really
They freking love exploring. They cost sentosa thousands in lost koi every year and its hilarious.
they do not walk the ground, what do you expect sadly the brunt is on our poor nurses
Which begs the question why are our rulers generally the elderly? Finland and New Zealand have much younger heads of states that are for more in tune with current times.
He saw an opportunity and he took it. This is exactly the type of mindset Singapore needs. What a lad.
did not the nee principal had an affair with the canteen auntie or something?
I cannot vote this election either. But if I could, I would vote for the WP regardless of my area code, because I think they deserve a chance, and we deserve to move away from a one-party system.
What, they do not dump all their clips like in America?
there's a korean guy who got famous streaming himself studying because handsome I think that started the trend.
As my AC friend put it, RI boys run the country, but AC boys own it
I saw the smoke from a distance, direction isn't at Coney Island area. I cannot confirm exactly where but should be at Pulau Ubin. edit it is at Pasir Gudang
Joal Ong and the bunnyjanjan saga? I pity bunnyjanjan, I knew of her personally and she's actually a nice person in real life. Hope she is doing ok
Exactly. We felt the need to, but we realised that the reason we felt that way was literally everyone is doing it, why not me .
While true, another perspective can be when was the last time we had a young head of state? PM Lee Kuan Yew, president ong teng cheong i think
Oh I agree. I know how to punch but I will be useless in a fight. But to someone who is a sitting duck it is quite damanginf
Fun day to buy popcorn and sit at home watching them throw tantrums
Ohhh!! I thought it was some new age martial art
Russian Sorry Comrade , Missile was aimed at Kiev, but someone key in Keppel. Serious aspect It is a fire at Titan Himont Petrochemical plant in Tanjung Langsat Industrial Complex ( http
I cannot tell if some of the la kopi posts are genuine or troll.
it is a multi billion dollar company vs multi billion dollars company. yeah but one is an actual taxi company while the other just makes an app
been there before recently, after that can go UE square Lim kopi, quite unique stuff there , reminds me of the German Mart opposite watten.
I never wanted to know what Singaporean (kid)s would be like on an India trip, and it is just as disappointing as I thought it would be. Which city was this?
Breadtalk - masquerading Yeos soya milk as freshly made and rebranding it.
higher flag-down fee when they replaced all the toyotas with hyundais
Countries are on different stages of the omicron wave brother.
Boss Oi fucker. Stop dreaming and get back to work. Where's my report?
Remember to sort by controversial for the juicy comments guys
Imagine being the new Minister of Education. fuck, the seat hasn't even warmed up yet.
if you notice this notice you will notice that the notice wasn't worth noticing
No Indian, No PRC is quite common in rental ads.
what's the point of telling your boss that you hit the jackpot? Just send a generic resignation email and start living your new life quietly
But if they do not close the gym and covid spreads there, the people will blame them again for being reactive instead of proactive. As much as it hurts, I believe this is a good move.
Interestingly, souvenir shops in Russia do actually sell Putin's pictures. Got them some when I was in Russia
I wouldn't put the blame on India it could just as well have been any other country. it is the Government's fault for allowing travellers from covid-rampant countries.
yup maximum opportunity cost for us. these are the prime days of our youth and supposed best times of our lives that are going down the gutter.
I am at the gym laughing my ass off thank you for this
Government can ban only commercial flights. for citizens can have special flights for repatriation.
Now I understand where he got his populist charisma and slogans. Now I really believe the president would have taken f22 to crash at the Independence Day alien mothership
I feel bad for the officer who had to fire, definitely not a pleasant experience to fire a live round at someone. And also the following paperwork.
Instead of diversity friendly I suggest a racist tag, makes life easier for us Indians in my opinion thumbs up
We got half-changes yesterday and an email for the full changes today
Or tell your boss see you at the YTF stall
Maybe if you willingly chose your profession, you stick with it through the ups and downs? Those who are complaining are the ones who romanticised the work of healthcare workers and should touch grass.
it is worse than that. people will call you a hater for not drinking the green milk
Take your damned upvote, and give me more russian puns.
I really admire your courage to post this, as this is a difficult issue to talk about in Singapore. I feel you!
This joke's getting old, but I'll still upvote for your effort )
you are only looking at 1 row of seats. How do you know people on other rows or carriages haven't already pressed the button?
lots of average normal people flee too.a refugee crisis is of course not full of benz b-class owners
They are assuming all Indians cook curry at home, this is just stupid stereotyping that shouldn't exist in a supposedly first world nation
Everyone should have to spend at least 2 years' school vacations working retail. it is extremely sobering.
May we have the original video link so we can watch the whole video and see their other reactions
What the actual fuck. Whole world is opening up and living with covid. And here we are stuck again due to some horny assholes and frightened Government.
I swear to God, in 10 years there will be a what was 'The Incident' in your secondary school type question post and this would be the top response.
I see, which explains why many are unhappy with the allocated time which puzzled me
Wow. Those guys must be pretty active on EDMW now.
And besides, you get hardened skin from the constant beating so it is kinda life beneficial
Yeah, I've seen that clip before. Active Self Protection does a great breakdown here. http
Lee Kuan Yew probably would want to. At any age. That mad man.
well SIA isn't really comparable because SIA's bread and butter was long haul international routes which are the most heavily affected by the pandemic, whereas other airlines could rely on their domestic route travel demand
I was watching it live and could barely catch what was being said
Any reason why Today interviewed a CEO of a Laos company instead of a Singapore company? Quick google search ( http edit Laos instead of Thai
What do you spend on? If both parents work that is 9k. I can see how it is harder if there's only one income but that is not so common these days right?
I slept soundly after the results were confirmed. So close. More intense than watching football.
Yes, I never even understood the idea that curry smell is a negative. Smoking is 100x worse.
I am foreseeing the lawyer will cite mental issue causing stress and uncontrolled anger and leniency will be again imposed on mental grounds
Gym first then eat . Life is, in its essence, a zero sum game anyways.
Ask the clownposters here who keep calling LW and MMTF 'cowards'
Good. Maybe these arseholes will realise and do the right thing
Hey, it was a live crossover to the CNA reporter in Tokyo who related her chat with Yu Mengyu after tonight's bronze medal match. Will post the link if CNA broadcasts the on-camera interview!
Now replace it with No Chinese and watch all of Singapore lose their goddamn minds over the unfair racism. Just because the ethnic majority all seem to think it is fine does not make it less racist
, why does our dumb Government want us to be involved in this anyways this is so stupid
ST video reporting that someone heard someone receive a message that someone saw someone holding an axe. Let's not spread unverified rumours at this point please, there are worried students and parents out there still.
people like you on the front line, fighting the good fight, are what keeps our country moving in clusterfucks like these! Onwards! )
I think I've used their app and booked flat fee rides that costs me lesser than street hail. thinking face
What a disingenuous post, enough said. Change the flair to satire/parody then we talk ok?
Loyal Comfort customer. Their fares are really comparable to Grab and at times cheaper.
Is there anyway out of this abject reality? One more year to graduate before entering the workforce and I want to live a more meaningful and comfortable life.
So what exactly does this guy do? Was this the vandalism case?
Uh huh. Meanwhile, 100 people can sit and sing in church for a few hours.
Personally still slightly young to vote. But other than that seems interesting. The guy Jamus, honestly hope he gets a seat at least.
Home Run was an adaptation and localisation of a 1997 Iranian film, children of heaven. So creative? Naaaaah
Toxic parents can still sponsor your rent for 3 years? Good joke OP
Then they will have to learn the 'oh no! Actions have consequences' the hard way
preplanned this as a resistance movement Well it definitely starts off like one.
What's wrong with a monk going for a holiday with his Burmese Friend?
All we need is some cuckoo with power who thinks his life destiny is to rescue the people of Singapore.
Dunno. Maybe it is because I am Malay but when I hear how much a hotel wedding costs I die a little inside.
There's a particular taste to HL milk that is fucking disgusting
Good thing this was on video, with the MRT background audio mentioning Rochor and CCTVs all around, finding and arresting this attacker would be relatively easier than most cases.
Wow, I never knew this about SPH. Kudos to them for this piece of investigative journalism. I wonder what tipped them off.
Why mandate it when they will volunteer to do it if they want to enter malls or dine in
I work n f&b and a big F for me and colleagues
Because community will complain. A sizable population is still pretty racist.
How does the tracer know if someone you've come in contact with has covid?
Here's a real world example ( http of how effective taser can be against knife-wielding suspects.
Good to hear I am not the only one who thought so.
Cocksucker companies really be the ones that flood the Clinics and a&e.
If only it were that simple, I am sure when that happens, those born in the 2020s will be cursing at old Millennials and Zoomers for supporting backward policies.
Same sial, i was having online class and I do not feel anything out of normal
me if i dip on the pool, resident say i took half the swim space already.
Imagine saying all that while wearing a jasmine garland around your neck, at a podium on a stage, in front of a large crowd with flags and banners.
spoil your vote if you do not like both options! it is what i did in the previous election
Folks, this is why People's Action Party was so reluctant to livestresn parliamentary proceedings until very recently.
It all begins with The Government of Singapore left us no choice.
Can we bring one friend if I have anytime fitness membership, or only one person can go at a time.
Holy shit how could such a thing happen? rest in peace to the little fella, gone just like that. cannot even begin to imagine the parents' pain and the trauma the classmates have to go through.
Yeah, hopefully they advised all students to message their parents before collecting their phones.
I will be surprised if they did report. Its a pro- Government mouthpiece
Tasers can, and have failed ( http to stop knife wielding suspects from stabbing the officer.
Does that happen in Singapore? I know these cases appeared in Japan.
brother I literally heard on the news during ramadan got orang eating kena arrested /////
Those from army who did PTCO in reservist would not make such comments, it is a real eye opener.
but brother what about non-malay Singaporeans. What about nationality. Yall forget about that one. Its not just ethnicity and religion liao. Different countries respond differently.
Does he really? Hmm you could try hiding it away from him or like laugh like Smiggle from Lord of the Rings
Throughout his life he had betrayed almost everyone who sided with him.
got h brother or say in Chinese
organisations are doing that. The post you are commenting to is talking about and old malay Muslim who cld have some health condition and possibly mental condition from aging. I do not think their able to do stuff /
Anyway, come next election I hope everyone knows who to vote for
I also have the same question because I have a staycation during this period
I support your post, and I do not think there's anything to apologise for.
precisely. Shift goalposts but scored own goal big .
If things are so desperate that even the elderly are fighting, you better be doing hand to hand combat in the trenches.
Is this the ytf stall at bugis hawker centre? Seldom see ytf stall sell so ex and cannot choose
Vivi is horrible as a minister and person to badmouth people like that. Wonder how he got his wife.
Kids mimic what is being taught at home. I've also seen plenty of racist adults , .
Me working at an NTUC FairPrice ! I am in danger.
PSA download the app, link your paylah to it, and then when you flag a cab just scan its QR code to pay electronically. its worth saving a few CC miles or points or cashback. you do not really need it
All lose in this case. Government kena malu if this hit international news. Three souls probably have criminal record.
Heck, everyone in that school should be entitled to receive emotional support. Think about the canteen vendors when they discovered the reason why students weren't there for lunch, cleaners who had to clean up the mess.
Vivian cannot even manage his budget. If I overspent my pocket money, my mother would have caned me. Vivian has no financial literacy
Sadly, some parents still think of their kids as their 'retirement plan'.
Breaking news someone is angry that Demon Slayers season 2 just ended, tried to use breathing techniques to police officers in Clementi HQ, but sadly failed.
Because of this entirely. If we had, we wouldn't have companies like sea group and tiktok opening office here
it is not that it is missing, it is that those people who had backbones were blocked from promotion because some dude who told all fairy tales and did not care for people on the ground got promoted
But the key difference is Singapore will be the one attacking. And we will attack with an army made up of even more conscripts by percentage than the Russian army. Against the professional Malaysian army.
Yeah man, I am not going to be part of the first generation of independent Singaporeans to have to go to war.
Half a crayon is worthed more when other kids wants to get their hands on crayons. (Including transfer students from 'other schools')
At 47, I am also planning to leave next year after my gal psle.
Imagine being their teachers. The amount of stress that is going to come after this. So poor thing.
baptized as a muslim ? there is no such thing brother.
Excuse me, healthcare system already crowded even before covid. Why did not you do something about it before that. Now blame people. One last thing lower the PCR test cost.
I am on day 69 of the daily gay porn experiment, let you know next year.
Millennial here too. I just feel that these relics should be abolished. Unnecessary stress for kids and to an extent teachers.
If you flipped jobstreet, how many jobs are offering to people without a degree for 4.5k?
but seriously what's the beef between between them? he is black his victim is asian
Plus no MC or leave allowed, or your incentive which is included in the 3200 will be gone.
When I was in Primary school, a classmate brought one of these to class in a shoebox. He set it loose and mayhem ensued.
Oh yeh the memes. , people dunked on that attacker hard.
From what I read online about reservist, if you do not report sick during ICT you are already in the top 50% of reservists.
If that happened, something went very wrong somewhere because cpf was created as a compulsory savings scheme to assist workers to provide for their retirement WITHOUT needing to introduce an old age pension
No loss ? Congratulations, you did not waste your time. Other than the first, everything else has been dog.
How will letting migrant workers interact with the community lead to any of the things you suggested ? That was the status-quo before the current state.
Well, I used to game at night until my laptop was confiscated
so ukranian life is more valuable than an african's or south asian's life? so you do not actually care about the suffering of people, you just have a political agenda, which is perfectly fine.
I've read the justifcation and it is just what the fuck, we cannot afford to pay them sick leave so let's implement policies an apartheid state would be jealous off.
--- not safe for work --- I have stabilized the video for you http It took 60 seconds to process and 44 seconds to upload. &nbsp how&nbsp to&nbsp use ( http
Nah, we participated in the coalition of the willing and got a FTA with US afterwards
Yes exactly! Those shots look easy to tackle as they look very smackable , however they contain an insane amount of spin . No wonder Mima Ito is so feared for these kind of shots.
Ask for volunteers and let the rumours spread like wild fire?
Can we just scrap the damn thing and give the money to the suffering f&b industry.
http The low vax rate among the elderly population is hitting Hong Kong really hard.
Especially if the scenario was that a teacher let the year one student go to the toilet during class time. In such a case the teacher must be struggling under a mountain of guilt.
They have their hands tied unfortunately. Some of them want to help but due to limitations set by the school and parents they cannot do much. Or some just really do not care.
Government Conscription needs to be so long because we are so small, so we need a lot of people. national serviceman How about conscripting women too? Government that is too many people
My mindset is that killing just leads to more paper work so its better not to do so. You kill someone with one bullet but then you die months on end with a shitload of paperwork.bad press etc.
because they do not need to vaccinate rapidly if they imposed travel bans and have truly 0 cases. If Singapore wants to open up travel ASAP, they should be accelerating vaccine distribution even more.
Oh shit. I guess a determined individual can fight through the effects long enough to harm an officer.
You know, after what everyone has been saying about this school. No wonder such thing happened. Like a bomb man.
Did the debate look like a 'theatre' to you? 15 May 2020 - Live Parliament sessions do not add to transparency, risk turning sittings into 'form of theatre' Grace Fu's press secretary Read more at http
When i said non vital, i was thinking like the head or neck.which would more likely kill someone.than the torso. Unless of course it ended up near the heart.
rolling on the floor laughing that is what happen when you reply in the MRT. Thanks for pointing it out. Most vital would be head and neck yes. Non vital would be stomach area etc.
I agree that it is what it is. But it does not detract from the fact that it likely is harder for one to find rentals, compared to the other.
Hmm can anyone point me to the actual time stamp on the live debate? I rewind it but seems to have miss that portion
Because they run this town. A lot of their agents in parliament.
Makes sense. abit like the Mandarin speaking requirements in job-ads. Target the issue specifically, instead of using the race as a proxy.
just gotta wait for the old guard to pass on. we need leaders of the new generation, because the old gen really cannot relate to the troubles we r having right now as young adults
but thn thrs cases of people contracting covid aft their SHN (
Hard Truth Singapore is not Ukraine. Singapore is Russia. We'll be the one attacking with undertrained conscripts and reservists who have very little idea what they're doing, and much less ready to kill.
The next one isn't going to come from the cows tits. Direct from cows asshole.
If you stay in the Air/Hotel wing block, you can hear the mids wing cadets marching back from their study session at close to 1-2am and then they'll be up for 5BX by 6.
Grab can argue You guys are not even acquired by SoftBank but we are )
The windows were all closed, so I guess for them there is No Way Home
What danger were they posing? It wasn't even a major disruption. The danger is that they are displaying dissent and disrespect to the system and authorities in Singapore. This is a crime.
Not just school. When you enlist, you'll have to experience something similar
There is a legend in bmt that a csm unknowingly shoved his pacestick up Lee Hsien Loong's ass and called him a guniang during grenade drills. Csm only saw a lanky guniang throwing grenade like his grandmother from behind.
Same as smoking. You cannot ban smoking. But you can make it inconvenient.
he was known as Mr HDB. does not that normally refer to Lim Kim San? because Lim was the first chairman of the HDB and was behind the massive housing projects of the 1960s.
in the SAF we only carry 5 rounds still must warning shot.
Agreed, they promote toxic positivity way too much and cannot really solve problems
I was referring to the Ukraine issue, which the original comment was talking about.
BIGGEST YIKES IN THE HISTORY OF YIKES, 4 SEATS LOST
Hopefully we will win. Not because our conscript army is strong, but because theirs is weak.
the video of the terrorist in the truck, in a split second you can also see one of the actor giving the finger
What's the point of bringing a life into this world actually, we're all fucked
do not forget national service, reservist, being discriminated for going reservist or wasting 2 years in national service
If we all get to use it, we'll have to lower the number in paragraph three a little bit.
Yeah, as a foreigner with more to lose than some, and generally being quite an anxious person, it fucks me off this involuntary game of prisoners' dilemma.
I was in ptp batch so just 2 weeks shorter from obese batch ( yes for bmt they used the following name for batches) Enhanced 2 months PTP 4 months Obese 4 months + 2 weeks
I was bobo during 1st time shoot during BM, even after zeroning my gun, but by the time I operationally ready date. I remember only miss out the three shots at hinge.
Demand is down and supply is up and you telling me you are not increasing the fare? No shit!
I wont say that Singapore is completely bad. But the ideas that the ruling party started has made life more toxic here. The future generations will face the flood when the dam breaks and leaks have already started.
I do not think you understand what a spectrum is. If you have 6 choices of colours to choose your new iphone from, do you have a spectrum of colour choices for your new iphone?
Ukrainian war is as much of a civil war as Vietnam. Both are not civil wars dumbass.
Taiwan is 1 year and Korea is 1.5 years. Much shorter than ours. Also, I do not think they have the re-servist requirements
Faff around Big Ben? Okay And frankly, I am not even betting 50 years
Yh the thing is, I do not support Brexit and it seems more likely for the you.K. to rejoin the EU than for Singapore to exist by the end of the century
If we ever go into a war, we'll be in trouble. But if wars are won by smartly saluting on an armored column, Malaysia is screwed.
Jo Teo come on guys. How hard is it to stay together? If you guys horny, small space is enough. MMTF yeah, we already let you guys gather in 2 people. do not worry, won't fine you couple.
So you are not ok with the limited area protestors were allowed for Bidens inauguration?
Snakes and spiders and bats are friends! Just because they do not come 4 legged do not mean they baddies
If you noticed. Most old people do not give a fuck. Is like they dare cars to hit them and end their miserable life.
I find the idea how an independent church can have part ownership and build a whole shopping centre and concert hall (Star Vista) shocking
Need to zero . I Thot we just cannon fodder. Take and chiong the direction they point us?
The cow died when Ava tried to ,doctor it. that is how welcoming we are. http
I wonder why did PG West vote so differently. Their demographic should be quite similar.
I want to get off Uncle Lawrence's wild ride (
Has anyone tried TADA? I heard they have cheaper rides and take very little commission from the drivers
I am starting to feel same about myself. At a stage in life where friends start to give birth. I cannot find a satisfactory answer to why should I myself have a kid .
My general understanding is that because of innovative zoning laws, Japan has affordable housing prices that depreciate over time.
With or without they may be unlikely to die ( omicron does seem to affect them more) But with a vaccine their infection experience will likely be much less traumatic due to less symptoms - seems like a smart trade off
MINDEF Every bit of that time is needed to train NSFs into a highly effective and disciplined fighting force. fulltime national serviceman in his 50th shift manning the ops room Huh?
Agreed! that is been my experience generally during a non-surge period.
Visited the supermarket before. it is ran by a Chinese Russian babushka, very nice to talk to but my first visit with her speaking Russian on the phone made me worry about my Kidney.
Sitting in training shed waiting for very late transport back to camp at midnight also considered rest.
The whole point of Grab was to eliminate the need to look for an available cab on the side of the street and have your ride rejected based on your destination. Are we remembering life before Grab differently?
Karen - Get booster also will die, no need Vacination I am being sarcastic
The only sign extra he signs is extra off days.
Why nobody go down and swim with the otters ?!
Vatican was essentially a private property of the church given independence by Benito Mussolini
1600s pre industrial revolution. Need hands to farm and man the fortifications.
Privilege to serve cannot be measured in pay and allowances but MPs contribution sure can measure gao gao else lose face and cannot face industry leaders
And if it comes down to hit someone? Then what? You've just killed someone with a warning shot
Ya, and just nice yesterday order of boxes just arrived. Lai liao, we need to start to mass order boxes again.
They like their SAF generals and OCs too much. people who will ask how high when you say jump
My bad, I did not read that it had been reinstated. But interestingly, it says that Ukraine is ending conscription and expanding its professional army. The same as Taiwan.
Trust me if we take the time and money put on kids and invest into exchange-traded fund, everyone will be sipping martinis on beach and fatfire by 50.
And yet gay people still cannot get married despite holding Pink Dot every year. Do you have a better idea or do you just like wanking off People's Action Party?
I am interested to hear what you think of the restrictions as a healthcare worker?
isn't india a very culturally diverse nation? they could probably be indians who live along the india-pakistan border
Maybe I misinterpreted what you are saying but why are American cultural norms relevant to Singapore?
Imagine if this thing happened in Indonesia. All of Singapore would collapse with the dependence on helpers and their so called boycotts. Regular people have no say in this
Oh I see. I think that people who believe there are no biological differences between sexes is very small. it is gender that the argument is about. people who argue over sex are too retarded to even listen to.
that is interesting. but why did they only say indian rupees when the interviewer asked if they had seen other currencies?
It is a point though because Russia is attempting to annex Ukraine via aggression, therefore the world has sympathy. The countries the OP listed did not undergo this and there was still plenty of sympathy for those countries anyway?
You should have taken a stand to tell this religious nutcase to shut his fucking preaching up. You are an enabler by letting him do whatever the fuck he wants, simple as that
comfort the poor, soggy moggy This words. I like it.
No police in the world should ever use a warning shot
She went toe to toe with no. 3 while recovering from injury, that is crazy mental and i have massive respect for her! thumbs up red heart
They can ignore it. To my understanding 377A is a public law, so you can only be be prosecuted by a public prosecutor. The AG could simply not file a case.
lawrence wong is just being tongue-in-cheek (pretty good bantz too) tan see leng is basically just saying ehh do not drag me into this but vivian. lets see if he actually has the balls to respond to this.
Am proud that our country chose to take a clear stance on this conflict on the basis of principles.
Then give foreigners the same benefits as citizen and PR
Correction, Fat Leonard is a Malaysian national based in Singapore.
he suckered SP, and even CNA. people are so quick to jump on the bandwagon these days.
Probably no one good enough to debate in Chinese? Low thia kiang normally fills that void, guess they do not have anyone they feel would do well in that debate
Yeah that could be a possibility too. Usually there isn't a single factor that results in these incidents but many layers of influences/problems. it is up to us to learn from this and make sure things like this do not happen again.
This lady was working at IMDA and applied for a job elsewhere. Somehow this one guy on edmw exposed her for having a masters from a degree mill. Share below link, case was in 2015. http
Wait the school in the note is actually Yusof's school? today I learnt
It must have been a terrible day for you folded hands light skin tone folded hands light skin tone please rest well
So proud of you people of Seng Kang. The west still waits for that day.
Not sure if it is compulsory for all Malay to be Muslims but non-Muslims are not required to convert when getting married to a Muslim.
The answer to all these problems is, just stay single. Enjoy your life and die in peace.
that 2 McDonald's hello kitty at the corner tho. nostalgic
Ukraine ended conscription in 2013. No conscripts are fighting as of now. Reservists from there are being organised. Russia is the one with the conscript army. edit As of 2014 conscription had been reinstated in Ukraine.
people do not hate the people who live in China, they hate their god awful Government, a lot of people feel bad for people who live in China at times like this.
It kinda already happens with companies who have decided that they want to bring someone in, and interviews locals just to clear bureaucracy. You can talk all the ideals you want, but you will never have a solution to this
This is why many NSFs see this country as not worth defending. No point risking our lives for this type of people.
They pretty much already do? Do have a solution to suggest or is your only action in life to pee in a toxic pool
So we have the bear the consequences of someone's else mistake?
Does the ability to look after ourselves includes having enough Singaporean Doctors and Nurses, and enough hospital bed places?
Somehow nobody mentioned Singapore's most famous/infamous male teenager who never served national service and were caught in US as a pedo.
I still do not understand why Dwight did not get fired for this!
Now you know why Lee Hsien Loong eat mee avoid mai hum.
Felt it in Geylang. I thought maybe because it is Geylang and things are supposed to be shaky and moving here anyway
Do not be afraid of a godlike opponent, only be afraid of an idiot teammate.
Damn brother you fucking tripping, hi again by the way followed you
That Singaporeans hate their lives, love to wallow in self-pity, and make tenuous connections over pictures that do not really mean anything.
I wish someone can help me throw because i suck at curveball, and I am not even old
If you had booked via zig, you get another $3 off!
I am worried how quickly this devolved. I am double locking my door tonight.
This is so lovely! Your colour scheme makes it look like such a nice day out, and I love how you drew the merlion! This would make such a lovely postcard. Paging USER
The rectum guy will argue because got financial component like casinos. So I suppose the solution is we need gay Integrated Resorts! Win-win!
No need to care about returning trays for now hahahahahap
Same here! Should be gone by end of August. I really hope the Government't here gets its shit together. Good people here that do not deserve to live in this perpetual dystopia.
Can we please at least open gyms for those fully vaccinated.
Damn that is a heck of a cool spider. I want it to catch flies in my house
Well when you fearmonger about the virus for the last 2 years with ridiculous restrictions, what do you expect?
Not what I expected when I saw NDP to be honest
Wonder how many suicides will happen today alone because of this news. But at least we might prevent 1-2 covid deaths.
The system is currently thinking of ways to optimize the MRT.
Maa. I 'oredy say I do not know. sobs . pwease just tell me.
Is taking a taxi with 2 people considered a breach since the driver will be the third person?
Hmm, good point. But I am sure they would then immediately turn to other, more queer friendly alternatives. What arguments can we make to pull them in?
How would I write a letter to my MP about this? I am a youth and I would like to know as I want to do something about it.
Cool, I researched that their pricing only reveal after calling in. Am I right that the membership per month is around $100 and the coach is by per-session around $70?
Is this the same minister who never hear that you actually need a space larger than a mattress to conceive and raise children?
Issokay I am also not exactly young just that my area of work is with gen z so i hear these terms super often
it is not hard to file a magistrate complaint, just saying.
OP knows that not everyone is racist. However her anger about lack of support is very valid. Look at this thread there are so many comments telling OP to just grow up, you need a thicker skin, just ignore them.
Everytime I see the NDP fireworks, I cry. Not because I patriotic, but that is my tax money. - Kumar
i think this refers to deaths due to covid 19 and not deaths because of vaccine
that is nice! My jab centre was quite close to my home, so not much reason to take a free ride there. But which food outlets offer free food for proof of jab?
I hope the school is also prioritising trauma counselling for the students too. edit yes the teachers and staff too. I haven't tried it yet but apparently there's a course on psychological first aid that is also an important skill
She did exceedingly well and went above and beyond even with an injury in these last 2 matches
Yes but the difference is one person can make this decision and not a Government. One person can decide to discriminate against people if he so wishes.
Why not? Someone getting assaulted is emergency. If this purpose cannot use I do not know what else can use already .
My acquaintances who go on to be insurance agents really have no sense of shame, they just want to flex and get into MDRT.
whatever pros of letting them in, it is us locals who bear the cost and suffering. This is the key. They gain the benefits, you suffer the consequence. it is a slight spin on privatize the gains, socialize the losses
you can protest against the Government but only for a bit because we do not like it - Ministry of Education, basically
the freedom to criticise their Government. This is a thing?
Yup, it was one of the most morally corrupt companies in history. It looted and tortured millions of people across multiple colonial countries.
Err maybe I missed the news but is this related to the Indian strain? And was it Lawrence Wong that failed to close the border before it came to Singapore?
It says in the article if you've recently recovered from covid, that you are considered fully vaccinated Those who have recovered from covid, or have a valid negative pre-event test result, are also considered fully vaccinated.
Is that really a scandal? he is just another snobby Brit still stuck in the early 20th century Empire mindset?
winning numbers 9 13 14 16 18 28 + 10
Neither do we want to be the last Generation of Singaporeans
I think almost all schools teach how to use a condom, my main point was not about if they teach about condoms or not but about pre-marital sex and nuclear families
Oh man, why is it so difficult to just announce the name of the country? Does that make the whole Singapore racist or what? Jeez.
He went jail for while being caught working to pay off his debts jialat until working also illegal.
Just like how Henry Ford said that Any customer can have a car painted any colour that he wants, so long as it is black. , this landlord allows tenants of any race, as long as they are Chinese.
My colleague whos 40+ refuse to get vaccinated because her mom does not want to so she say its no use to get vaccinated since her mom is unvaccinated (if vaccination is just to protect others)
I thought it was just me! Yeah, definitely felt it
Konfrontasi was literally 60 years ago. Those people are all geriatric already.
His part two is preplanned from day 1 and complete filming and editing already. it is all a money grab. One movie split into two to earn the fools' buck TWICE.
So the guy wanted to take the other guy lightsaber?
A certain billionaire's daughter was caught in a car full of drugs but nothing happened, apparently?
If the situation is going to be similar to CB last year, you'll end up making less. Huge influx of people working food delivery again + massive waiting time for food in some places. Source Worked for grabfood since 2018
He got played by the US. They were encouraging Ukraine to join NATO and that if anything happened they would back Ukraine up. When shit hit the fan Ukraine's so called allies are no where to be found.
Wow. He clearly stated his point and provided evidence to justify himself. And all you do is reply him sarcastically and ridicule his evidence in some attempt to justify yourself and feel like you are above him? .
I like her too. I thought she was getting a little emotional in her thank you speech. I really like the SK team
Knowing Singapore he was probably forced to litigate endlessly until he was broken.
If so why would Russia be our saving grace? You know that only 2 or 3 countries are actually still supporting them right?
Everyday I would wander around feeling like I am dreaming because i was so tired, hard to learn that way
Definitely felt something in the east coast. Felt like I was on the sea
that is how i bond with the administrator aunties in my company
Finally! It was getting way too crowded. Shouldn't have gone back to 75% workforce work from office anyway. Public transport is a nightmare
I keep getting confused with the subtitles and the actual quote. 'I only weigh 82 lbs!' 'Save Bandit!'
This is the practice in Singapore among legit landlords too. In return, the placd was deep cleaned when you first moved in too.
Where better to protest Ministry of Education policy than at their door? The location's the whole point, their offer's basically telling them to not protest or get arrested. But the message is pretty weak when there's only like 5 people there.
Thank you for your service. You guys are heroes. Stay safe.
Life has no point. it is up to us to make meaning out of it. Be Sisyphus.
Right? Just recently, I saw a post castigating the birds in hawker centres. Now they gone complete uwu to these otters.
it is kind of impressive how you managed to entirely missed the point then
Fantastic run. Great job winning the 1st set. That male commentator was incredibly annoying though. Kept droning on and on with his whiny voice.
The same apeks who do not want to vaccinate? Scared of Pfizer?
Malaysia decided to be cheaper while Singapore and Brunei are booming with money and oil, well Brunei the one booming with oil and money, Singapore only being money and business, I guess
to be honest lockdown is kinda useless in this case since the student knows the drills
As opposed to the guy who insults people and even other world leaders whenever he thinks he is off the record? I'd take the boss who overworks himself to death.
I am more Godly than you if I can take something to the ridiculous extreme. This has been around as old as religions have.
If we want to teach all our kids how to be responsible and have safe sex, shouldnt we also include non-hetero sex?
Seems to me like the only difference between this and life in a major western city is that in Singapore you are able to obtain property in the city.
Isnt having fewer subjects a good thing? Why would you want more if you are not coping?
do not give them ideas or they will blame it on Heng
Same price if you rent a room (shared facilities) in London as well!
Not necessarily weekends. I participated when I was in secondary school, all the rehearsals were during school days. I loved it because I got to skip class.
I only watch KFC. Time to go gym for a change edit oh wait CB phase 2 heightened alert.
like that will even be felt by the powers that be
Well it is unlikely that the current party would be able to pull off another Operation Spectrum to silence dissidents given their current visibility, so there's that.
My headcanon is that the Singaporean just walked over to the rest and go eh, tumpang can or not?
De jure, no. De facto, not really, but edging closer to being one
No name given by CNA on suspect. They should post face and name.
He took a photo from an infinity pool quite a few stories up.
I do not normally get nostalgic for this kind of thing, but I haven't been back to Singapore since 2015 and this shot really makes me want to go. Awesome photo!
Yeah the only thing is I am sitting 300 m away and no one in my house heard anything so we're arguing if it is or not
Excuse you, do not you know that physical trauma can be good for you? Social anxiety and depression are must have life skills to be able to function in the 21st century.
A nuclear bomb? At this time of day, at this time of year, at this part of the country, localised entirely within pasir ris park?
What happens after you sew it back . Still can use?
But the further notice refers you to the previous notice? Which means it is an endless loop. Which means, it'll be forever closed
I'd immediately retire at 16m, if I spend 4m on a house, I'd still have 200k/year for 60 years (ignoring interest, etc.)
And you can convert to Zimbabwean dollars by multiplying by 1
because public service sector works that way. I am already hearing from Ministry of Manpower employee strict MC bye bye bonus before the pandamic. I am not sure how it is now though.
Good for them but why would they be entitled to citizenships amongst the countless other hardworking migrants?
I have an idea to go to my positive neighbors to pay for thier nose mucus. Its just an idea.
And businesses shpuld be able to hire exactly who they want freely. Why cannot they decide based on race, religion and nationality?
Why cannot you be diversity friendly whilst excluding a handful of others? The US can boast about being diverse whilst having 60% whites.
I know many cases (including myself) that having negative antibody level after fully vaccinated with sinovac.
you want people to be able to protest and assembly anywhere? why? disturbance of peace is not really a good thing
nice try with the false equivalence argument, take that crap back to your echo chamber
All non-singaporeans are already banned from India. What does this guy even want more? Ban our own people from coming back just like Australia?
I realised that. I just thought a more local insult along the lines of kepala buto or cheebye would be more fitting.
2900-3200 6 days a week 10-12hr shifts or something confirm.
Eh. Reddit is mostly young and male. Just imagine most of these comments are made by 20 yo ginnas and you'll give them the weight they deserve.
Sure i agree. But the comic gave me the impression that loosening restrictions is directly related to the manpower issues.
how to live in a country with trans rights step 1 protest step 2 get arrested step 3 attract intl media atn step 4 seek aslyum but for real, spore humans right is really what the fuck
Over-sea invasions are immensely costly for the invader and are easy to intercept. There is a reason why China has not even taken over Quemoy and Matsu even though they are right at the doorstep of Xiamen.
Nice pictures, got an Instagram account so I can follow?
Make the Government unpopular . Who else they going to vote for. Workers party?
Because you need time to climb the ranks and they need to be assured of your undying loyalty before they will allow you anywhere near any position of power.
my guess is shift. for example if you work tuesday to sunday mon off 3.2k work mon to saturday, sunday off 2.9k. or 10 hrs vs 12 hrs a day.
I was more referring to the author Isayama's warnings against the perils of war and the suffering that comes from senseless conflict between humans, rather than Eren's motivations.
oh yeah that one. Noteworthy for the residence being located near to Changi Prison
Well said Singapore! I fully agree this is not about taking sides, but in fact about adhering to principles of sovereignty and independence
Right? Like I think they assume 18 as an easy number for adulthood but realistically it goes beyond that for true independence. And viewing it as a job is just. Yikes
you are overly focused on the ending (which I too feel was botched) but like everything that came before the final arc was a fantastic and clear message as to the horrors of war that humanity can inflict on each other
I think with the right conditions you could easily get 50% of humans to have gay sex without needing any hormones .
I'd expect them to, long before the average Singaporean redditor.
These sort of people do not be parents better. The world is toxic enough as it is.
Oh, I guess there must be hundreds of people in intensive care unit and hundreds of deaths? Makes sense to close down in that case.
The victim need to press charges. One time i called the police on a guy punching his gf bloody in public. The police came, talked to them, then just leaft. I assume the gf did not say anything.
It wasn't given independence. More like Italy annexed everything except that tiny little plot of land.
Pretty sure otters would have no issue with the bones.
thought the air piston on my swivel chair was about to break down for a moment then
Then we should be fighting for the welfare for healthcare worker not taking away freedoms from others to make it fair .
Good. Should have done this earlier. Unfortunate for those who have real medical reasons, but those compromises can be worked out further down the line
Oof. He did this in Singapore. BIG mistake. I love Singapore because it is very safe and one of the reasons is the punishment for acts like these is high and sometimes painful.
cannot imagine what the families of the victim and perpetrator is going through this fucking sucks.
I do not trust the fucking process fam, you tell me to trust this fucking shit blud, seriously blud
You'll be surprised how things are worst in other countries. When you look at other countries you might think that you are still lucky to be in Singapore.
Any pictures of Putin, Stalin or even Dolph Lundgren? edit Must be Putin and Commie lovers who are downvoting my comment. Obviously do not know how to see a Western joke when they see one.
The last time truth seekers went online, they birthed a new generation of flat earthers and anti-vaccinators.
because maybe you haven't experienced enough shit at age 16 to become cynical with people in general P
! It was more of a Rocky reference than RL! But yeah! Lots of Radchenko is the movie universe!
I just know of you are ever getting attacked in public no one will help but it will be recorded.
I thought their planes couldnt fly even before this russian war. Now russia is broke as fuck no way they will honour any warranty . I meam they did not even honour a treaty with ukraine much less with malaysia
Go back camp endorse MC Spread to whole camp Congrats you just played yourself.
Just take the L with this bad take brother
I do not want to know. The only challenges available for us to find out is one I will not want to experience. But seriously, Volodymyr Zelenskyy . What a man.
Australia already banning own citizens from returning. We are still 1 step behind. http
I am a school student, can confirm. Of course I'll be sleeping in class if I wake up at 5am.
To those commenting on this Ignore him. Bunch of similar accounts following the same naming format (xxxx-xxxxx , two words and one string of 4-digit numbers) are on subreddit of worldnews trying to hijack and mislead conversations on the Russia-Ukraine conflicts. Nvm
Damn I swear this is some story out of some animation film
Chey, if there was no surge pricing, the Grab drivers would be doing exactly the same. Money talks.
Same, it sucks to live more than an hour away from school
I would curse myself for my stupidity of traveling aboard when there is a pandemic going on.
I blame the +1 time zone shift which I feel we should get rid off due to advances in technology that made the advantages of it irrelevant.
to be honest the first 12 months of our national service is enough for most national serviceman to be combat ready. The last 12 months is just doing saikang and garrison duty.
IRONIC! HE COULD SAVE OTHERS FROM RETRENCHMENT BUT NOT HIMSELF!
Lucky? brother, they literally choose when to dissolve parliament and when to hold elections. There's a reason they rammed through elections last year when half the world was still locked down.
99 bucks?! You could buy many books on the Kindle or Google books for that price.
It takes less effort to walk downhill than uphill but it is definitely more beneficial to go uphill than downhill.
The ones medically unfit for vaccination currently are those who have allergy to the first dose of the vaccine. Those who do not vaccine are mostly by choice.
heard there's no victory parade because of covid , but hope to see them around
The only contraindication to the vaccine is allergy to the first dose of the vaccine. In the event of vaccine allergy there are usually alternative vaccines so this group of people probably have to wait for newer versions of vaccine.
We're talking about a democracy here, Kings aren't democratically elected. Your point?
What happens to the 3 ministers in sengkang group representation constituency now? Do they have to step down from their respective posts too?
Eventually one day they will say you are not filial , being ungrateful to them then tell whole world , brace yourself when that moment come and prepare for many noise to come . Unless they are very understanding.
maybe international news media could revive those authoritarian Singapore Government think pieces (but with a transphobia slant this time), but it needs to make a loud enough noise on Twitter/IG etc. first
Realistically, they're just going to get in our way isn't it?
Well. does not make any sense of course. But yes, just ban her from f&b and public transport. She will change her mind.
If you are ever in Bordeaux, FR the Place de la Bourse ( http is beautiful for low angle reflected shots.
maybe. but I've never seen a more negative subset of a population. There's just a general lack of imagination and high level of risk adverseness that you get from some of these posts here.
SDSS - Social Distancing Senpai Sander. Beats the gaudy cross mark
honestly tho hl has this sweetish cream taste that i like, havent been able to find that in other brands. its not pure milk but it tastes good to me hehe
As a minority in the US, I get you. it is never worth it to erase your culture (I did and regret it). Good luck, I wish you well.
No, but if you pay taxi fee in the cab with credit card there is a hefty administrator fee. There is no administrator fee if you pay with credit card through the comfort delgro app.
BEOW TAN HAS ENTERED THE CHAT WITH HER junior college CERTIFICATES AND PHONE
Probably back then. With the wide acceptance of sexual freedom, definitely not now.
Couldn't quite catch what he said after the RI part!
Even a 100% vaccination rate won't stop hospital capacity from being filled, vaccinated people can still get hospitalized. At a rate much lower than unvaccinated people.
I know you are joking, and this is really a small matter, but the boy's action should be discouraged rather than saluted.
Anti-vaxers should hit some rocks and demand that bubble tea flow out.
Arab traders came over, Nusantaran rulers loved them and wanted trading right/concessions. Converted over to Islam from Hindu/Buddhism, whole kingdom converts out out loyalty(?) edit Changed Malay to Nusantaran
Guy got shot in the arm, he is not dead, no blood/gore too.
Good Samaritan laws wouldn't have helped. Bystanders did not intervene because they did not want to get hit either, not because they feared incurring legal liabilities in the course of helping.
Even with the boomers gone, we will still face racism. it is apparent in the younger generation
Had she done so, the predictable accusation would be that she instigated the protest.
I understand. it is now on us to hold the policymakers to account.
He said he was 10-12 earlier and it looks like he edited it out.
the layout of tuas link is quite different than the normal stations, it looks nice, go take a look
Sorry to hear about your friend, but delta can absolutely wreck people whose immune systems are already weakened by cancer and cancer treatments. Hope you can see the logic in protecting people like your friend from exposure.
I do not see what's wrong with them expressing themselves. Here they are free.
The window to the left we are aleph nice to meet you Aren't they rebranded Aum-Shinrikyo, the ones behind Tokyo subway sarin attack? edit luckily not. http
As a Jabba the Hutt lookalike, I am inclined to agree.
Scrolled too far down for a sensible non Government-bashing comment
The individual wouldn't have the requisite notice. It would have to come before commission of the act charged.
To be fair to the court, its job is to decide what is legally correct, not morally right or politically courageous. That is on Parliament and the people.
after living in the US for two years, fuck the 'smell' of money. I do not know where these damn dollar bills have been
Which law or feature of the law do you have in mind when you say that?
Foreigner from subreddit of all here. How is it that Singapore, a very rich country with a technocratic Government, hasn't managed to get people vaccinated yet?
We came together as a community to save it More like they came together, while the uploader just eye power and recorded it
Pretty sure if conversion therapy quacks were allowed to do it they'd do it. From what i know of conversion therapy, it does not sound like it is all too different anyway
Hello smart anime-watcher, the reference of my comment is from the last chapter of this obscure manga called Shingeki No Kyojin , sorry you might not have heard of it, same as the comment by USER
Enjoyed the debate? Thought it was good? that is what happens when you vote in alternative voices!!!
Can USER provide the original source? It make more sense he protest in front of ICA or even parliament than TTSH. As if Hospital can decide on immigration policy
it is bad enough to slack on a project, but infuriating when they come out and self-credit. When I slack on a project, I admit that I've been carried and apologise
What's the norm kid bedtime and school start in your country?
isn't half light half dark normal/ common sense? Or I missing something?
The Government gets bashed for everything on this sub, period.
people during normal times wa being a doctor is good!! auntie sick go find you !! people during covid siams
In Indonesia being Malay is actually not tied to religion. In MY and Singapore yes it is seen as an ethnoreligious group, but in Indonesia there are quite a number of Malay Christians and Buddhists.
They can say that because people support teams, but do not say I am one of the sole reason the team won The point of my comment is do not self-credit inaction not do not cheer or record
Damn look at that pancake batter and pasta. So much.
So wholesome! Quite interesting when the villagers said that our $2 notes seemed expensive to them. Pretty eye-opening video here.
We all should have known it was a tragic romance story after all
If true, does not reflect well on his character not just as a MP but also as a doctor.
Better not or else what? You going to write them a letter?
Stay calm guys! do not cheong one last dinner tomorrow, do not cheong toilet paper, do not cheong maggi mee Do cut your hair though
Maybe they interviewed other people too but thought this guy would get the most clicks. Seems to have worked pretty well
The balls of steel OP has I'd be screaming and running away just seeing it
Why not Cai Png? it is 3.50 for a complete meal.
Was Annabel Chong ever a scandal here in Singapore? I am the UK, she's famous for The World's Biggest Gangbang.
Sorry this is happening to you, thanks for the info
yeah if I remember correctly p5 went, i was p5 in 2017 and went for NE Show, it was the same year that the whole middle finger thing happened, so he is secondary 3 by now to be honest wonder if he is doing well
All I can think of is that the screws at the top of the notices look like smiley faces or thomas the engine (zoom in)
Yeah felt it in east coast area. Stop already but dunno if should be worried
at the moment it probably also encompasses Bangladesh and Nepal, . so, South Asia
it is the Internet, you are allowed to be inappropriate. . This isn't straits times forum. Although they might pick up on this juicy article here. it is good that you have such a mature mindset.
cool epic gamer fact this is definitely not exclusive to one country
Seem like it happened just right outside Clementi Police Division
USA won't only have 1 death, cause the student would've brought a rifle instead of an axe.
Aww this is beautiful. Even thou the merlion statue at mbs will be demolished i guess its spirit lives on ) Beautiful art but I am pretty sure otters are invasuve
Many here seem to equate job and housing discrimination to being overcharged for nasi padang. So I thought its all interchangeable.
Would be interesting if they used hourly pay. Monthly pay full time employee cpf?
imguralbumbot, (Hi, I am a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image) http Source ( http Why? ( http Creator ( http ignoreme ( http deletthis ( http
None of those countries were annexed do not think that is the point
Singapore has consistently stood for what is right Like jailing teens for blasphemy and arresting OnlyFans creators. Oh yea, and also helping with the invasion of another country. http
i graduated from victoria recently and i just learnt that too
I've participated in bilateral military exercises with the professional Malaysian army . If what I saw is in any way representative of their relative combat prowess, our conscripts do not have much to worry about.
Well, the US also has a higher stabbing murder rate than the UK.
Thank you for your hard work!! Stay strong and hope yall can still manage to get some rest!
Well yes, guess what the other tenets were? Less contraceptions? Abortions forbidden? Masturbation discourages? I mean they do not go out and say you must have sex, but they sure make it difficult to get relief otherwise.
Sadly some people cannot differentiate, this is how hate is form and innocent people suffer.
Hope everyone remembers that this outbreak is direct fault of Singapore Government and their arrogance in thinking karaoke lounges could pivot to responsible f&b outlets
Look whose comment is the dumber one. Where in my previous comment that I mentioned half of india bathed in Ganges ? Time to learn to read English, dumbass.
So it turns out this tough guy was more of a pussy than previously thought. Interesting.
Oh yeah, continue to play your victim card and be self delusional. Modiland can enjoy covid. Just make sure be like a true superpower nation and do not ask for help and keep blaming others.
Thanks People's Action Party for mismanaging this! Be sure to get more taxes from this
I am in Redhill, definitely felt it. I thought I was about to faint from overworking but glad I saw this notice that proves otherwise instead
married liao, my friend used to have a fling with her. thought he csb, then realised they friends on FB.
As long as got no hippies defending the alien they will not unleash their ultra violent destruction pee
I am at bukit batok and felt the slight tremor just now
Even their macdonald is pretty thrash as compared to Singapore.
I hope a police report is made. Lowlife, the guy was already down and he still hit him clearly wanting to cause bodily harm. So messed up
If Jack Neo is our commander in chief, not only girls go army, liang po po also go army.
Sigh. School life stressful as heck And I am still in school (
Time to chiong and create more clusters before Saturday. Then if got another spike can blame us I am being sarcastic
Thank you so much for your service! Stay strong! Let us know what you need!
I average 5.5 hours on weekdays and about 8 hours on weekends. Who are these people sleeping in two more hours than me? thinking face
Won't die one . Remember Tan Kin Lian used to be ntuc ceo.
but it gets exposure on a topic not many Singaporeans like myself would dwell on, good on you op for speaking up!
It varies from person to person but generally I do not see a point in bringing a life into the world, partially the issues you listed above, partially because you could just adopt if you wanted kids
Why they have to do a PCR test prior to entry?
Halimah probably no, Lee Hsien Loong, maybe, but in a bunker, and he'll avoid when it gets too bad.
I mean, we do have a Russian expat community here, so there would be demand for this
That format is the default auto generated generic username reddit assigns when you create a new account if you do not type in a username
5 on oxygen supplementation and 1 in the intensive care unit, as of yesterday. ( http
Love your artworks, like the one with the giant Merlion and the one with Godzilla in Singapore.
go to the Singapore la Kopi group for some copium statements
Agreed. We always complain about the dictatorship . Maybe it is time we acted like one to bring about some common good, rather than to POFMA some opinion writer on FB
Welp, it is to be expected. I guestimate it would be repealed sometime in the 2030s.
And keep it in the freezer. Invite friends and relatives over for ice cream then showcase it to them.
There's at least a portion of them who do http
Gojek giving free rides to the centres, various food outlets offering free food if you show then you got the jab and more as example.
Gameshark, the shark will swim in the tank and help put the rings in place
Tampines - I did not feel anything but my relationship has been on shaky ground for a while anyway
In that case, you will be happy to know that I said that you are not against the LGBTQ community in my original post.
Finally, a way to hantam hantus with parangs by the way can control of the character be mapped to the keyboard?
Ew, why would you want to smell like body odor?
how to sound out if everything is silenced? later COP them again for making baseless false statements
Q you A L I T Y O P P O S I T I O N
. i told him i am not going to have sex with all the nurses. Just the chio ones. I have standards
No, this is probably on the bus. What makes you think it is at the MRT?
No phrase attracts the circle-jerk crowd more than 'as an ex- religion .'
worse than racism pensive face that person has probably never faced racism.
Example of good heads of state who are also young?
I might not, probably too scared to go over. I most likely will only press the emergency call button to alert station control. In fact, I am almost certain most locals will be too shocked to help.
True, but there are also asshole teachers that need to be put in their place. Said junior college teacher sounded like one.
he is also a modern Singh, this Prince moniker was obviously chosen to have maximum impact among the weaker-minded
Only bus here from Gan Eng Seng is 51 which takes fucking long to reach so maybe not so much from there. Bukit Merah secondary most .
Then I think it is best if they just mention the reason too since straight up saying no Indians directly comes off as racist
it is not a conspiracy or rumor you can find it on YouTube just search for it
Yeah but I do not think it is ok to generalise Indians just because you had a bad experience with some of them in the past.
I did not know they have that. I only know the compulsory $2 for the Chinese association thing every month from the pay
Pretty sure in this case it is more of protection of our healthcare system
So you are saying this kid is a terrorist? SGSECURE REPORT REPORT
To effectively minimise the risk of transmission at this point of time, WFH should be a default arrangement. This ruling of no more then 50% at the workplace is a half-hearted move.
I fucken tol' you twice now you get the cane - Singapore, probably.
Eh we no allow SCP on train please alight at this station I said alight not set things on fire
There's a solid historical reason for this too. Brunei, Malaysia and Singapore used to to part of the same British colonial management. They used the same currency up until independence.
Same I am Planning to go to the Northern parts of US where the people there are more accepting
Sheng shiong/ntuc/giant by itself, and other lone supermarkets that operates under a hdb or basically not in a mall.
To me, having a kid in Singapore is a luxury. You have to be mentally and financially capable before deciding to have one.
Holy shit man! I also remember Mrs Look's lectures. Did you get that (frankly now a bit outdated and inappropriate) bargain bin T-shirt metaphor for relationships?
Used to be a student a few decades ago. Used to be a very stressful intense school (good grades are king B students have no hope). Would like to ask existing students, are the student overall mental health better now?
Erm Singapore did not sanction because oh no people dying but the nvm. From how you say that ukraine invasion is considered a civil war. I just not going to even bother
leave if you can. I know I am once the opportunity comes
Here is a tip to not make a country joining an opposing military alliance do not fucking invade them. Ukraine would not have a need to join Nato if Russia did not annex Crimea in 2014 and shoot down an airliner.
Congrats on finding a new place, do you know why it is harder on guys?
Not flag day. They give you like a booklet for like a month or something then you have to ask your relatives whatever to donate I dunno why they made a kid do that now that I think about it
can check out comfortdelgro's new app ZIG, $3 unlimited promo and $5 off first ride not paid to promote, got food/drink/activities deals too!
I know right ltr the guy whack you for filming then gg
it really is cheaper for me , got $3 off promo code on their new app too called zig, not paid to promote
Oh man now that we have grown up it feels so wrong right to make a kid do that
I feel bad for all the f&b workers who will probably have to go a month without income.
Also took a similar shot at the sentosa boardwalk! There was a sunset right beside it as well. Pretty crazy
that is strange, I've been stopped by a few Storytel people before and when I tell them I'll think about it they'll say sure no problem.
Ya, they're not the ones losing their jobs, scared what?
I think we can rest assured there won't be any audience, due to covid regulations towards mass gatherings.
What was the reaction after knowing it is cause of the earthquake?
Yup, people are going to lose their jobs which they continue drawing their hundreds of thousands every month.
to be honest I would have badmouthed LMW too but wtheck Vivian why would you screech liddat in parliament? what the fuck I notice even pm lee turn to look at him after that haiz do not know how to behave in Parliament
Pritam Singh has been so classy and impressive. Thank you to you voters of Aljunied who voted for WP.
In a war, Hamilmah will transform into an autobot and save us all because we all know her core skill is transforming into whatever is convenient. actually she will transforms into an ostrich and stick her head in the mud.
you can still go to malls, attractions and libraries. So it is not a FULL circuit breaker
Sergeants tell us do not spread, but now on reddit liao
I drank 3-4 cups a day and that led to hypertension. (
Singapore is also another racist country that desperately tries it is hardest to not act like it
Thank you. This made me teary-eyed. And hang in there. We are all in this together.
It reminds me of the 2000 and 2004 heartbreaks. All good though.
Can vds to discriminate population but cannot implement mandatory laws for companies Fuck pap
you know. If unvaccinated get covid and pass, technically our vaccination percentage increases.
Did my share and downloaded the app But let's not pretend they are saints before grab and Uber came into the picture Grab is just the bigger evil
Yes. In Australia that is a norm. So that there will be no dispute in the deposit . And also everyone receive a place that is deep cleaned. I think it is fair.
Have you thought about what if you were the one barred from returning home, as a Singapore citizen/PR?
my guess is that it includes employer cpf too lost faith in SMEs
Ridiculous to hate on them for fuck's sake For those who are Chinese, so you feel good when others associate you with what China did?
No we take in all citizens - leave no one behind.
The theme song of Mission Impossible came to my mind as I saw this.
I am sorry to hear that, but just being curious, where are they heading towards?
nobody with any ounce of authority is trying to normalize schizophrenia also, the best treatment to gender dysphoria is. transition.
I am taking the same route for the marriage portion, my guy. do not want the GF to be forced to convert. May we prevail. Sometimes, the obstacle is the way.
Chinese risk scorn only from family. Malays risk scorn from their entire race. it is not entirely true you can do whatever you want, but it is easier for the Chinese.
Search it up on telegram, and you can join from there
brother I died watching this with sound. Great edit man
Did they aim down? No place for a stray bullet to go
goodness gracious, dint expect to read this on a monday afternoon
if I remember correctly there was some propganda about a far right militant group training babushkas to fight Russians, so the child soldiers thing wouldn't even be that surprising at this point.
How to say shut up and be happy with what you are given without saying shut up and be happy with what you are given
Time for younger people to step up in Singapore's political ecosystem. it is feeling pretty stale.
Do they actually have business? The few times I passed by, the staff were swatting flies.
300m is pretty far away to hear a single shot from a handgun
Good point. Won't be surprised if there're little green men blending in with the plants outside the shop next to it.
who in their right mind thinks that is racist. I am Indian and that is a very reasonable thing to do. Things fucked up over here fam
Some people say it is an excuse for domestic helpers to not help with the pets.
I still remember the compusary $2 donation to NFK deduct from my very low national service pay.Cancelled it when i got out of national service.Bloody sucker dunno suck how much money from national service man.
HELLO MINISTER MY UPSTAIRS NEIGHBOUR ALWAYS DUNNO DRILLING WHAT THING HAMMERING AT NIGHT PLEASE SEND police TO CHECK I CANNOT SLEEP MY BABY CANNOT SLEEP LATER WE WILL HAVE EMOTIONAL TRAUMA HOW CAN THIS B ALLOW I am being sarcastic
Their boss daddy is RI so it might cost LW more than Vivian
Because perhaps no news sites will share this, thank you for keeping this here and let's spread the word of Dr Jamus Lim D
I singlehandedly bring the us average down by at least 2 of those minutes
We can use the military then why not activate them now? Every day a ton of resources are wasted here and there on the military.
China already thinks they have a rightful claim to singapore just because we have a chinese racial majority. Imperialists will come up with any reason to fabricate claims on the territories they desire.
What I think is that there will be no recovery. Just as you think things are getting better the world will be hit by the next major crisis. And then the next and the next.
no, not really. if you do not know what i am talking about, you do not know
My father sperm donor used to hit me with a belt even up to secondary school. He only stopped when I started fighting back. I swear one day I am going to cave his skull in with a hammer.
For those criticising the commentary, try recording yourself commentating something you will realise you sound equally stupid
Only because too many of us can relate to growing up with child abuse. Far too many. They're all joking about the meme but it is all just a coping mechanism to hide the pain.
This entire thread is just depressing seeing how commonplace and casually accepted child abuse is in asian households.
imagine if they'd shown them the 10,000 note and tell them the value of it in rupees.
Right, its not like covid is going to wait until 8 May for us to be ready then start infecting. These systems and procedures should already be in place and it should be able to be activated at a moments notice.
Forcefully temporarily close those companies or give them a warning if they still insist on getting mc
You just going to learn many people in this world are assholes. cannot really do much about it but forget them and move forward.
Why write to Gan? Shouldn't it be addressed to Ong YK?
If I saw correctly, her ranking went up after her recent victories?
Actually our ICUs not coping well. Source I work in a PHI with access to stats from other PHIs too.
It looks like a (audio) waveform. I wonder if it has a sound.
Gender Dysphoria is definitely a mental illness, that does not make it yuck or ew
Thank you Sengkang for a good shaking! You've shown a disillusioned GE2015 voter that there is hope, and that under the democratic process our vote can certainly make a difference!
I mean it might be a one off scenario . Most foreigners I met are great people
it is good because they can EASILY switch to other platforms
SMS 71999 if you cannot talk. Use the SGSecure app to send information. Provide details about the attack. Stop others from going towards danger areas.
Yeah so many people making fun of him being a comedian. Comedians play dumb but some are highly intelligent - like mr bean. And I always feel comedians have a deeper understanding of the human psyche.
do not expect the police to do anything, was waterboarded like OP and the police basically went OK noted
True brah. I am blessed to be living here. Can even have a civil marriage if I want. Nobody can do anything even if I am eating outside during Ramadan .
Wow this is the most upvoted subreddit of Singapore post I've seen
Even if they weren't old as hell, I have my severe doubts they won't just run like hell and claim that their lives are more important.
you are saying 7 hours of uninterrupted rest is not enough?!
Vincent Van Gogh loved sunflowers so much, he created a famous series of paintings, simply called 'sunflowers'.
Aljunied area also got alot of rich people ok. I am assuming rich here means can stay private. There's a huge private estate in Kovan area.
bedroom wrestling going to tell my future kids this new word
This I feel is just Singapore Government way of reminding locals that if you arent willing to procreate then you have no value, no rights and deserve to be discriminated.
Amen. If someone tells you that they're not interested, then really stop it.
If you are buying at smaller stores, you can get eggs by the 1s (vs supermarkets, where they're packaged as 6 or 12). Bonus fact the same goes for cigarettes )
Why else would people flood the a&e dor mild issues when they KNOW that there are other people with covid that might make them worse off? Your mistake is assuming that people are always rational.
that is a rational move. However, most singaporeans are vain and would find that boring
Agreed. After all, one of the true tests of a leader is their ability to unite.
going to thank Trump and Putin for uniting EU and NATO
Even got the Brand's Essence on the table. Love that small detail.
The common argument is I quote since Singapore is a Chinese country, they should side with their brothers and sisters for the great of the motherland Sounds familiar ya?
You must be very clever. Come tell us what better solutions do you have?
we will still end up with the same result
Its fine, its the internet what people think about my comments does not matter. Plus people aren't very good at laughing when bad shit happens.
and then they'll proclaim we are all in this together bloody jokers.
I've a feeling the world will just give up and live with covid 19. There's no stopping it.
rumor has it that somebody told him what was the honourable thing to do and being an honourable man, he did just that
Last time parents will fuck the kid if the kid do not know how to do his work. Now if the kid do not know. immediately pick up phone and fuck the teacher.
I've noticed at least in Malaysia, moderate Malays have much to lose by speaking out. Instead, they choose to go on with their lives and migrate to Nordic countries if possible.
you are not wrong, think he was a little off. Yeah, abang was solid I wasn't offended, I was more curious as to what he was going to prothelytize
From the Wiki link in the other reply Diplomatic ties between the two countries officially began in 1990. On 3 October 1990, Singapore revised diplomatic relations from the Republic of China to the people's Republic of China.
I do not think chonky means what you think it means
brother I wonder if it is already here That aside, India escaped the first wave due to its relatively young population. This new strain evolved to get around that. that is terrifying. Godspeed
The moment you realise Lee Hsien Loong might just step down after 2 years. Man is getting old. He has served the country. While we may disagree on what he has done, he deserves some rest. Who's going to get the amk seat?
Bravo!!!! They are really brave and hold true to their belief. But unfortunately, law is still law and they've broken it. Given the precedent cases, can only pray that they get off lightly.
I guess my interpretation is that chonky is on the chunky and fat side, not necessarily just big.
These people get drunk on the Holy Spirit. No beers needed.
http Opposition got sued for defamation for bringing it up. Then there's the unfortunate timing of a Chief Justice retired quickly after somebody lost a lawsuit for the first time in Singapore.
that is what we hope, but look at all the MLM jokers and all the other rich insurance agents.
They'll probably insert some national spiel on how we will get there .
I rem my junior college teacher was like this. Literally say will not accept parents letter because when you go out and work your workplace will only accept MC.
There's one mantra in life - if you have no shame and no morals you'll definitely get rich.
Umm a few days ago on this sub, got people say Aust and NZ anything also lock down. And that shows they have poor management .
Churches - 100 people indoors - go for it. 6 people having a picnic outside - Government loses their mind.
nobody is talking about stopping CITIZENs from coming back. are these imported cases mainly singaporeans? i do not think so. So where is the breakdown? Why do we have so many imported cases even though they took pre departure swabs?
Looking forward to our nuclear reactor on Pedra Branca. Next to Malaysia's on Middle Rocks.
I looked it up years before and it was cheap. Things changed I guess.
What you mean you dunno? Go school for what? Next time want to be road sweeper is it? From now on after school come home cannot go out with your friends!
Feel like blank cheque cannot be translated literally, else it might cause misunderstanding amongst the Chinese folks. Closing statement
It was a jibe with your sentiment, as execs are dime in a dozen
Yeah I was actually looking forward to get to go to my friend's place also for our yearly Raya meet up. The food and vibe is always absolutely amazing.
Done step 1, skipped step 2, step 3 completed. Any more advice? I am being sarcastic
eh, I do not know bout Tan Chuan Jin although his social media game strong. somehow do not have the feels that he will stay and fight . might as well throw NCM and Umbrage Ng into the mix too face with tears of joy
Yeah it is just a sad situation all around. Well hope you guys still have a great one with immediate family and get some visiting done if possible.
yes, being happy that millions are dying is a true singaporean value
Ironic that the rich usually do not want to make kids i.e. DINKs
Yeah looks like it. cannot be ttsh . I know ttsh is like some brownish-pink or something.
Launches amphibious invasion on beaches of Fujian with 3, 6, and 9th divisions
Commence Operation Barbarossa v2.0! Remember to stop before winter though!
No nuclear power has yet been invaded. While those who have surrendered their nuclear programs. In return for security guarantees. do not look to be doing too well.
Everything is PR talk, if it convinced you then you are the target audience
I have no faith that our Government actually values us to be honest. Especially looking at how they handled this covid crisis.
you are more likely to feel it if you are sitting still (ish) I think! My mum who was walking about the house did not feel it. Neither did my brother nor BF feel it - both were seated but shaking leg
I think he'll probably do it when he is getting too old or sick to rule.
If it happened today at least 1 of them will be dumb enough to record on their smartphone, and then it gets leaked, and then they all kena.
I do not think there's much sympathy anymore for that age group. I am glad someone said it. That group themselves say they going to die soon, dunno why we give them so much importance
it is only a matter of time before a slave has enough and gives the founding Titan power to an angry man. Oh wait! Sorry, different reality!
I have no idea how some people go into their 50s with nothing but a HDB to their name. Lack of financial literacy. You'd be surprised how many people lack this
She is the typical airhead Tai Tai. People's Action Party insiders are all damn scared whenever she opens her mouth. What to do. She was Queen
Man I've always wanted to try them. One day when I am richer and have the budget.
A lot of expats at my company couldn't take it anymore. They either resigned or transfered back to their home countries
The few who who are probably a substantial part of their voter base
Sadly for XJP if he dies there will be another power grab and some other dude will be the next dictator. The whole system is corrupt.
Oh, we preferred the FTA with USA. Which came soon after, we sent a token presence to Iraq. I'd probably vote out the Government. Who'd choose an FTA with Saddam's Iraq too.
Go to university they said. It will be fun they said
The irony that the joke is on the people who got vaccinated. I can almost hear the uncles who avoided vaccination say See , get vaccine for what
Do SPF treat non transpeople the same way? I do not think they care about people's feelings whether they are trans or normal
think they will bail / actually can bail. ICA will immediately station staff, police etc at all potential exit points to prevent any NSman from getting out.
Unless enough national serviceman desert . Then will be a case of 10 men desert death penalty 10,000 men desert amnesty .
I agree with the sentiments largely. I do not want to be working as a cleaner in a hawker centre when I am in my 70s. So I guess I have to sacrifice something's right now to avoid that from happening
When she was exhorting her men to run, she herself could be heard frequently bellowing My grandmother can run faster than me!!! Legend goes that her grandmother is actually Princess Xena of the Amazons.
Would invade for the food. So much fresher and better than here.
I do not know if actual details about the case will be published anytime soon. Especially if it is another student intentionally causing it
THIS IS HILARIOUS PLEASE TAKE MY VIRTUAL GOLD SINCE I CANNOT AFFORD
I am not going to lie, as an indian it stings a little to read this, even if it is true or not
I think if there is any country in the world where antinatalism can actually become mainstream, it is Singapore. I mean our birth rate is already so low
This looks like a good idea since - it will incentive the tenant to take good care of the - landlord cannot pull some shady shit with deep cleaning services
Our Chinese majority country established diplomatic ties, with THE Chinese majority country. Just after the Peoples Liberation Army liberated Chinese souls. By turning their earthly vessels into meat paste. Whatever the reasoning given, it was quite the flex!
it is actually not an apples to apples comparison. Eren, despite how cruel he might be, was acting out of self preservation. Putin just wants to conquer a smaller state.
Yeah, it sounds like double messaging from the Government to me. The vaccine is so good that you MUST take it, but not good enough to trust it and open things up.
Maybe we should start a religion based on this philosophy
he is a student performer for the event. Those 2 were likely his school's teachers
hey i have a choice of moving to anywhere in the you.S., but my first thought was San Francisco (tech worker) . would you advise against that? any thoughts are welcome!
Straight to jail. They caught the guy in less than a day
I wish i had the coins to award you for this like seriously man what an elitist society
You forget that the people you mention are looking at screens with blue light all day and all night
This is a revelation to me as a non Chinese. There's a dowry culture in Singapore?
I truly hope that healthcare worker do not even have 12-hour days. it is not a humane schedule. A worn-out frontliner at his/her saturation point is not a good idea, leaders.
Luckily they closed the gyms. Otherwise all the seniors lifting weights would be in grave danger.
This is actually a great idea. Which is why the Government won't use it
I am backing them. Sick of Grab trying to squeeze every cent out of us.
Actually I never looked from your pov. Yeah I guess it isn't the end of the world if they skip their morning kopi for their health.
Think we established official diplomatic ties with PRC, soon after Tiananmen. Then increased our FDI towards, as a show of support. While the rest of the world pulled out in horror.
Yeah. I was trying to say that but gave elderlies as an example.
Big minister affair allegedly (not proven, do not POFMA me) , but i Shan say too much
What's with all the white supremacists in the chat? I thought this was subreddit of singapore
it is so weird that the Government are going to do sanctions for this case when in the past it is always close one eyes and take the money, I just hope this isn't view as us taking a side.
You can. If you happen to have 300-500k just lying around somewhere
somebody went to somebody office took something without permission later somemore slap people
Sarcasm is really lost on this group. Here have a I am being sarcastic. I guess have to spell it out since USER cannot understand the subtext
you are single and financially literate. That probably explains why you are doing great.
maybe just hope that would be enough since if we are up against a major power that have nukes for some reason then we most likely be on our own.
Why not also show SCDF and SPF? Not only SAF what
Shhhh do not say that. you are going to make pro-restrictions people very upset when they realise it is shit management, not reopening that damages the sanity of healthcare workers
AC is next level for sure. You better be prepared to spend half a mil to send your kids to top tier overseas university since their IB cert is a cheatcode
Plot twist. it is a cute ladybug to show his love
We (a Singaporean company) sold chemical weapons to Iraq. So we knew they had WMDs.
I suspect the guy bribed Ministry of Health say he come to do business but after that go visit relatives.
that is a 3 room hdb flat equivalent Those are around 2.2-2.7k nowadays, so 1k more for condo
ya correct it is their fault. not the authorities who have treated healthcare workers like shit before covid and will continue to treat them like shit after covid
Isnt this the app that called me boring? Singapore isnt boring, you are
nice, still got roar of unity in the skies
Maybe let's reword the question which of the 4G PM candidate you think will stay
You get the WP MP + People's Action Party Grassroots Advisor , so you still win! that is if you are in Sengkang la
Now wedding capped at 50 too. If more than 50 all must get tested 24 hrs before event.
Yea I could see the two of them staying too
I think this kid at least will kena 7 extra.
If the guy does not want to come to work, he will find other means not to come to work, said Mr Khairul. This top notch response thumbs up
timestamp bot, Jump to 04 10 put the bill in sulfuric acid ( http (Channel Name GENKI LABO, Video Popularity 95.80%, Video Length 06 24 ) , Jump 5 secs earlier for context 04 05 ( http Downvote me to delete malformed comments. Source Code ( http Suggestions ( http
Balls of steel! Any sexpert know if the spider is venomous?
Yes! You need to pump enough money to this little shop. To offset the cruel sanctions on the Russian people. The Russian military budget for'22 needs you. Every little bit helps!
I do not know which one is worse honestly , surely there's a middle ground
. and in the good old days, they may even commit hara-kiri. People's Action Party truly leading by example
One of the two is conversant in martial arts. Just in this short clip there were 10 forceful blows, using the leg, elbow and the fist. Not surprised if there are internal injuries.
We should start showing genuine figures of how many died due to vaccination itself too. It will make a fair comparison. Further details of how one is considered death by vaccination should also be released.
Eh. If anything it proves that having an army isn't much of a deterrent so long as your opponent has a stronger one than yours.
Reminds me of some place I might have seen around Liyue (Genshin Impact)
All it takes is some buffoon on screen to bust out in hokkien out of nowhere and all the old people be like he he he funi
Why you so many upvote when you say giam. They so not giam already
There are no nuclear missiles on Russia's border and the invasion is an illegal land grab with zero justification. you are just a shill for CCP.
in before spending 1 month's salary on the engagement ring. Then realising you are out of cash, and spending less than half a month's salary on the wedding rings. Priorities, people. Financial Health House Wedding and Rings
I am not complaining for a hardworking minister though or someone who works hard for Singapore At this stage, not comfortable that HSK won at a close margin and risked getting replaced
I believe this is actually a tribal communities from Pakistan.
brother cny is in 2 weeks time please not now
Life is only as bleak as you make it. This post is trash and for boomer uncles who've predestined their fate somewhat just by saying it so. Why do you make a box for yourself to fall in?
AOJ present, thus the use of force is justified. Well done, officers
It hasn't even been a week yet. Ukraine is also far larger in terms of land area compared to Singapore. An adversary could literally shell any point in Singapore from across the causeway.
Heard a very loud bang. Not sure if the sound came from this explosion. Staying near Pasir Ris.
To be fair, i see Chan Chun Sing taking up arms and fight
song bo SONG BO Miss the forest for the trees.
Oh god, are flamethrowers legal in Singapore? Asking for a friend
It is propaganda though. Try not to get caught up in blind nationalism. Every single nation uses propaganda. does not mean it isn't for a good cause but that also does not mean you should just lap it up.
it is not a matter of being charged with 377A but the negative connotations that arise from the existence of this law.
Is ri a better school than other schools? I thought all schools are equally good? Why have different expectations for ri?
that is because they think people have cars when they themselves live in their ivory towers and have multiple cars and condos at their disposal. Too spoiled to be a boss.
it is just the shorter end of the stick that is all.
It does not help that Vivian keep saying workers party is pap lite. Thanks vivian!
I'd point out only 40-50% of the cohort goes to university, so it really depends on if your kids want to go to university.
Not to mention that 4.5k data never shows what's the standard deviation. I think 4.5k is always an overly optimistic number
I just moved to the Netherlands last month but I am still tired as fuck
Rinse and repeat the endless premade cycle of school, marriage, HDB, retirement, death
I am very irritated by all these old folks who refuse to get vaccinated , Government has been extremely cordial and polite in encouraging them to get vaccinated to no avail
To be honest we cannot really share much at this point. He is a surprise new addition to the party so this is the first time many of us saw him. But his resume is absolutely stacked.
Should then propose to make smoking or drinking illegal but do not enforce it at all. Since it sents a moral signal too
I'll buy it. But I really hate the firing and walking with LMB. I do not understand how the Tetris Glyph works too.
Ya I know a us school shooters do not even know what to do after their rifle jammed
laughing my fucking ass off Jamus really wiped the floor with NCM Absolutely love it. Goodbye arrogant minister
I keep seeing this every where on Reddit for the past few days. What is it in reference to?
(He said the thing!) He said the thing! HE SAID THE THING!
Erm.op not differentiate between for cpf oa and cpf sa/ra? You cannot use sa for housing.or anything for that matter before retirement By the time of retirement, most people sa/ra would've been 'up there'.?
got awoken at 930am thought I was just having poor sleep quality turns out it is a tremor skull
Lockdown until everyone dies of old age, problem solves itself
looks like some because stians are offended. -0 it tells me anyone that believes in a ' o ' is a because n+.
Israel is different because their enlistees get to murder Palestinian children and who wouldn't want to do that?
Me. I want to hear from Ong Ye Kung, LW our ex Ministry of Education too. I thought all schools are good schools. Why now got lousy school
That name has been appropriated and now has 2 valid meanings
You've convinced me, we cannot turn into China. We shouldn't allow People's Action Party the luxury to chip away at our political rights.
Your friend's gong may have owned the house there.but does his gong owned the road as well?
If a chinese talk to friends in mandarin in a group setting, is it racist? Yes, it is and if it was in malay or tamil, is that racist? No, it isn't Straw man argument
Problem is none in the goevernment has walked the ground before. So they do not understand the problem.
randomly attack the first person who enters the toilet that is fucked. reminds me of tsujigiri, where samurai would test a new katana by killing a random, unsuspecting person in the middle of the night.
Russian dumplings sound interesting. Anyone here got to try them?
Correct!! Just like last time. During lock down I could sleep with my wife but I couldn't exercise with her outside. Hilarious
My heart is with you, but I won't be for too long because my arteries disagree
I think it wasn't strong enough to wake me up from my extra long snooze in Bukit Timah )
did not lose shit! After five long years of training for this she came fourth. In the WORLD. You. Go. Girl!!!
Where else can you get a dirt cheap force of expendable labor to do all the nation's saikang for the low low price of $1k a month?
do not just talk! UNINSTALL Grab from your phone and leave a 1-star review that mentions this cynical two-faced fare hike. After that, delete Grab from your app library and never download it again.
Being well spoken and good looking will get you far in life.
How many emergency meetings and work hours sunk into the 2 pax announcement for this prata flipping 3 days later?
A lot of older folk still see it that way
. But yeah, likely true story. Even i f when they are on national service allowance, b you t they are willing to die for our country and FTs.
They're going to cordon off coffeeshops and create a single entry point.
Hes right though. Singapore is a tiny country surrounded by huge countries. We are vulnerable as fuck. If ukraine can be taken by big brother, well, we would be at major risk from many sides.
Sometimes I just wanna question these salespeople why are they even working for such companies in the first place.
It means the house doesn really belong to you even after you've bought it. More like a 99 year rental
I've seen Singaporeans support Russians. The disinformation runs deep. Please inform people of the correct situation should they attempt to push Russian propaganda to you.
OOTL here, do travellers from india serve their 14 days in dedicated SHN facilities?
I am in my 30s, can vouch for that. I gained 10kg from CB to end of 2020. No gym required.
It may be bad here, but its going to be worse nearby. There wont be that dude who protected you.
Dude living in Singapore there's a lot of salespeople. You gotta man/woman up and refuse. Otherwise, you are going to be in a lotta debt.trust me, I am speaking from experience .
This is an altered version of the pledge, it might be offensive to others
it is basically a pyramid scheme with the future at the bottom
This should be a postcard! Will buy if you make a set!
10 bucks says the people blaming ordinary Russians for the war are the same folk who get upset when westerners blame all Chinese for covid, hypocrites
Way suddenly i think maybe I damn pampered. I also v nerdy but most I hear is my juniors fight in the toilet. This is like 2000s too. Never hear weapons also before
Probably pointless. The demo that cannot understand English and only knows Mandarin is also pretty firmly People's Action Party.
Which is why rallying against a rich, powerful and violent dictator is important
Err . which part? it is just my opinion you know
Go join HTD. They have better statistics that you will enjoy.
From one Malay to another, I feel you. Sick and tired of being expected to conform to the dumb Malay stereotype. Fuck that noise. I'll be who I damn well want to be, assholes.
Thread poster prepared to get downvoted. Gets 7k upvotes instead. Naise.
Imagine if a parent finds out that the school gave an education on how to have protected sex between two males
I'd say I am somewhat like you. I mean, I still practice the faith, read the Quran, and go to the mosque, but internally I abhor the sort of conservative Islam so prevalent amongst Malays.
Singaporeans are one of the most overworked nationality. http According to the study, more than 25% of our population is overworked, with Singaporeans spending an average of 51.1 hours a week working or commuting to work.
180mm guns can cover the whole of Singapore even from landmasses across the sea. along with a force not known for efficient logistics. good luck
I need context. Where was he standing? Was he a performer?
Nothing has changed so why does anyone expect a different outcome?
Shit . we have a looney from HTD stalking here.
A yes man, willing to please the bosses, pull out all stops to get the job done by hook or crook. Why would pap not want such a man?
Somehow I do not think it is legal. You cannot discriminate based on race or religion in Singapore. it is written into our Constitution.
We do not need Ukraine to remind ourselves. We depended on the cowardly Brits who surrendered without much of a fight during World War Two.
, too much koolaid drank during NE if you truly think citizens are the bosses
Study so hard go ivy league school still cannot think normally with common sense, shaking my head
Yes. Ministry of Education is part of the Government so they cannot blatantly disregard the law.
that is one of the most racist countries I know, despite it being one of the most multicultural ones
all according to plan, good job pathing cradle to grave scholars!
Will not be surprised if in the end they just sanction us, regular Russians living in Singapore and being against the war as the rest of the world.
Back in Singapore already, just fled to Perth for the heat to cool down. He rebranded himself as Anthony S Casey - probably hired some social media firm. http http This thread also talks about his rebranding
build-to-order prices are still quite reasonable compared to secondary market and private properties.
Wow, Singaporeans are really under the control of big brother if they are afraid of contacting the authorities in a situation like this
Thank you Josephine, I know you fought hard for this.
I disagree, being happy in life is the best revenge. While they keep looking up at people 10 cents richer and cry about it.
His rugby days really paying off, his shoulders are so broad. Wonder what position he played!
I mean that actually does not seem that crazy today given the price of those bikes, but I guess back then this wasn't the case.
alot of uniformed regulars here do not even know what the frontline units do, alot of them are just there for the job
I just booked my national service-FIT programme. Can I even go to that? Please SAF waive my ippt fr this year too loudly crying face loudly crying face
In any case, your head of state having to physically fight is a strategically dumb thing to happen. it is great for the war theatrics, but it likely won't end in a good outcome.
It was a major case study when I was in university so I've somehow never forgotten about it.
So I can still book my staycation in May? Great
The apology was probably scared kena humtum. Not because they are sorry for what they said.
Real talk, I got my wife's one for 1.5k last time and it was considered a bargain by many of our friends/colleagues (their nice way of saying I am cheap), but my wife really liked it so fuck them.
Indeed, I doubt the scholar track can really produce world class leaders like Zelendsky (law grad, comedian, business owner) and the Kyiv mayor (boxing champion, PhD), who have the bravery and intelligence to leverage social media to fight the war.
She's made us proud for sure! That was a great performance with an injury!
They did not have the balls to do it before the hospital system almost got overwhelmed, but better late than never I guess.
danm that is terrifying, my condolences to the family of the deceased
The fine for misuse of emergency button makes people hesitant to press it.
I hope that lady that stood up and walked away was trying to find help.
Holy crap even a murder case is far and few in between here. But for a student to do it here? Shocked is an understatement.
Yeah that was a problem in the past and I am glad for Uber/Grab for that. But with Uber gone Grab has essentially become the new Comfort.
Thank you, you kind of restored my faith too. We really need more objective people around
for the island, id say the navy. considering common doctrine is that every front line airfield will be destroyed
Nah, kids are just mean. All over the world. OP's story could be told in any country's subreddit
Yea gtfo and call for help? Be out of harm's way then assist? What's so difficult about that? I am not asking her to jump in and block those blows dude
The scientific facts do not care about your feelings. Sorry to burst your conservative bubble.
front line airfields knocked out, mass rocket and artillery barrages in the city and logistics storemen and drivers being priority targets should be a wake up call to the realities of conventional warefare including all pes because personnel
1 ring to rule over you. And henceforth you'll reply with whatever, you say dear , no, it is my fault , you are never wrong, always right .
Good luck trying to communicate with the Government in Tamil
Using knee and elbow attacking head and spine, can consider murdering?
This is shocking, and heartbreaking. rest in peace, kid. And my condolences to the family of the deceased.
You are crazy dude. Thank you for typing so much. Let's stop this topic and enjoy the peaceful Sunday night.
Me, an essential worker during CB that enjoyed the practically empty MRT/buses where no one was allowed to sit next to you. Was truly the introvert's dream
If that is the case, add one more then My Precious! O my Precious! .
They used to pride on long term planning, what happened?
I felt it on my 12th floor HDB in Redhill. The floor moved for 2 seconds.
Will show this to kids before handing out $2 ang bao next CNY. it is big money!
good to see younger people with bigger balls than than their predecessors
Hello Mr Lee, do you think everyone will want covid? Yes they would because they work for him .
Look them in the eye, and say no, I am not interested , do not apologise. Gotta learn to say no )
glad this clown got voted out. The other clowns should also be reminded that we, the people, are the masters and they exist to serve the people.
2 years of fearmongering in an effort to drive the vaccination % status we are so proud of?
I think the sad thing is the leaders in question (even the senior pastors) truly believe they are doing god's work. I know because I used to be from a mega church and led youths. Currently an atheist
You should always be respectful to everyone. Not just ministers. But when someone is straight up lying to your face, you can surely give him a little less respect.
What backstory would justify the assailant's actions here such that the other commenter's rage isn't justified?
Singapore redditors laugh at boomers falling for fake news and propoganda. Singapore redditors up vote fake sob story to top of subreddit. Top kek
grown ass old men talking shit like secondary school mean girls, what a small minded and unprofessional toxic culture in the clique, imagine what they think of you and your kids behind closed doors
Much obliged Fuck you FTFY edit guys it is a reference to Rick and Morty ( http
Here is a video llnk of the song called Wake Up, Get Up, Get Out There from The Persons 5 Show http If this is the song you are looking for.
It depends on how you hear the starting of the song and how you spell those 4 words at the start of the song too.
to be honest if you were in the same train will you help? I thought of this qns myself alot.
This wasn't supposed to be Q&A in the first place
This MRT Train is on the East West Line, not on the North South Line, Ding Dong, This Train Service Terminates At Pasir Ris MRT Station, Next Stop, EW 32 Tuas West Road.
Unrelated but since you mentioned it how's Elden ring so far?
Yes, It is on the Downtown Line to both Bukit Panjang MRT Station and LRT Station and Expo MRT Station.
guerilla warfare is still effective with infantry, just hide in residential buildings in an urban area so they cannot bomb you out in the open. Of course, if the enemies decides to bomb residential buildings anyway, then gg .
What's the point of having kids in any country? Singapore isn't the only overpopulated place. Agreed.
i thought i was having a heart attack to be honest everything started swaying for abit
i think Mainland Chinese, is what the chinese people from china are called.
Feels like he got the country in this ness in the first place. Lee hsien loong would have probably would never have landed Ukraine in this position in the first place.
We can help by speaking out if the police charge them. We need to let the Government know we are not happy.
Alas, I got banned for eating popcorns in the group chat.
imagine what they think about the average person and their kids behind closed doors, what a toxic work culture
its just like GOT all over again, beginning was good, ending was shit.
I did, but it did not elicit a response. Selective attention I guess. .
malaysia PM seems to be a hot seat now, ever since the 1MDB scandal.
is this the endemic lifestyle, even if fully open, no open flights
I told them I was eating popcorn. Then I got kicked out.
What if sexuality can only be influenced in the earlier years of adolescence? I think it is possible that sexual preference is affected by nurture in addition to nature .
that is an exaggeration, there was zero talk of ever going to war with singapore.
What's the strawberry generation? American here, does your country have a lazy gen from older generations mentality like ours. If so that is pretty wild but not unsuprising that this is a natural group think.
that is the same for every country on earth. I could say the same for singapore wanting to invade malaysia as well.
they aren't bombing air strips cause they want to use it themselves. Just like the fighting over antonov airport. http
cannot blame them, I can see how anyone not in South East Asia would think so based on US or even UK news writing
Which one say is a lousy school? I thought all schools are good schools.
you r right. did not notice the map on top.
Also being investigated for voluntarily causing hurt . you gotta be kidding me right?
fulltime national serviceman and national serviceman arent even trusted with enough ammo to actually practice with their weapons properly. just hit the kpi and go
I am talking about people with adhd who rly need adderall, you know
My understanding of Further, notice Wa lau already tell the notice to stand further liao. Why still stand so close? Where is the social distancing angry face angry face angry face angry face
that is just fucking stupid in my opinion, how to concentrate when you literally cannot without meds?
Come give us more money other than the goods and services tax voucher, is his fault he did not tighten the border control anyways
So cute! Do you have an ig account with more of your works?
As someone joining Government sector soon, thanks for the reminder.
I think he got overruled, do not forget he has 2 other colleagues on the task force with him who are extremely conservative
Eh serious. NUS invited them to do a sake appreciation for alumni .
soldiers who think that they are badass usually turn out to be the most useless people in the group. you need level minded people who are willing to do a job rather fetishise it
do not forget paying ludicrous amounts for MPs and mayors to be incompetent. Incorruptibility ahoy!
I work with school counsellors (FSC here). by the way your case loads and school management you guys do not have it easy. Hope you are in a greener pasture now.
it is Singapore, and they are too high profile to be silenced. The worst they are going to get is air con too cold inside the lock up. (And they can request blankets for that)
If NDP causes another cluster, I would like to se what happens next. It will really tell they want endemic or zero covid
You do know Ministry of Education manages primary school, secondary school and junior college/MI right?
Sph(yes, SPH) published an article accusing NKF of misusing funds along with the golden toilet tap. NKF tried to sue them, but SPH showed their receipts in Court and tumbled out a can of worms
Its like when we are playing a team game like DOTA, your team just need 1 off player and the whole game is screwed. Much more if you have 2.
Taiwan, like it or not, does not have the standing of international sovereignty of Ukraine. China considers Taiwan as an unresolved internal dispute.
We will have lockdowns after lockdowns, because it makes the most sense medically. We should have relevant professionals, but enough of other fields to maintain holistic judgement. In any case the clusters heads are already filled with docs.
Their actions tells us endemic is not the goal, zero covid is the goal
spring singapore will be on their knees begging the braindrain to come back, they been doing it for decades
We have to, fighting on the mainland is basically mission failed. Most will say we will have to be the aggressor and strike first.
You should see their FB pages, a lot of calls to lockdown since yesterday
you are not local are you? No Singaporean army regular has such good English !
do not worry, for anyone who's a minister, they will have more than enough. Maybe they should be the ones required by law to up our birthdate!
the realities of this conventional war is a stark reminder of how much the strategies and tactics puffed up by warrant officers and their ilk today is complete nonsense board gaming
Okay sure! Thanks for the reminder! ) I have sensitive skin issue and it itches a lot. pensive face
This is also for selected countries. If south korea ain't even on the list then I won't even bother
Thank you for your hardwork and keep fighting! flexed biceps Everyone will be proud for you and ur colleagues as our national saving hero! grinning face
the thing about having alot of alts is that sometimes you continue conversations while forgetting to switch back to your normal account. dudes been caught out before
Yeah I really hate them, all I want to know is where I am currently at, stop giving me the tan yu ads.
I think it is because we millennials actually CARE about our children instead of what they can do for us.
Seems like you going to have to make a major detour when entering bus interchanges that are linked with malls such as Yishun bus interchange.
I've made one, and linked this post for the officer to look at the vid, let's see how this goes
do not bullshit here la, even if Lee Hsien Loong wears his no.4 to show his support you guys will just say he put up an act.
If you have to ask what is means to be a sigma, then you've already lost
Just doing what a decent human being should do, not sure why others are saying to interfere, if someone interferes and the assailant miss a step and crack his head on the floor guy who interfered going to get screwed too
This will be the view on the MRT that takes me into the afterlife
I know I am going to sound like ignorant but I still want to ask, what trades or import/export do we have with Russia?
I feel there's definitely a better alternative- survive, do your fun hobbies and die.
happy that Jamus got in. but why was the victory margin so narrrow? I thought there was alot of hype with his cockles.
I suppose only time will tell if the wills of healthcare worker will reach it is breaking point. Only then we'll blame the lack of foresight over this fiasco.
this has to be the most accurate summation ive ever seen of any political account in my while life.
twinkiac, yongyichuaaa's latest tweet ( http yongyichuaaa on Twitter ( http - I am a bot feedback ( http
Before I could say anything, a Malay abang ( brother) stopped him and told him not to bother me in Bahasa. That is a REAL Abang
what? this is now cashless smartnation! off to the gulag with you!
It is not commercially nor fiscally viable to do that. Do you have any idea how much it costs to charter a flight?
In the USA it is called an excessive use of force but treated as suicide by cop and the cops get a free vacation
it is so annoying to see criticism of him being a comedian as if it is something derogatory. you are not bad or stupid for being one. If anything you have to be quite clever to make people laugh.
who else is going to keep home defense institutions running? well paid workers?
US and Allies should've pacified Russia during World War Two, same like they did with Japan. Look at Japan now
What fees and charges can be deducted may I ask? I'd hazard a guess that the price of charter for SAF is already cost neutral and non profit.
You think I am from India? Get your head out of your ass I am fucking 4th gen singaporean chinese.
it is to tell you that the poor are not humans. you are not rich? Well then, you are not human too. This is how all politicians think.
Yikes. SGAG just posted your photo without any credit. SGAG post ( http
How about the scandal we locked up 300,000 people for almost 2 years during a global pandemic to stop the spread of this virus?
Hi, is there multiplayer in the demo? Would like to play with my friends after work.
One person in intensive care unit http Government reaction to things right know sound like a bad joke.
I do not want to be motherless . But honestly I am just waiting for my older siblings to HOPEFULLY meet her expectations and have a huge wedding, and then I can relax relax a bit.
that is a terrible example though. Public transport is well, public. Renting out your own place is a private matter. (Not that I approve of racism when it comes to that.)
Any further tightening of our border controls to reduce transmission vectors? It cannot be the case that we're going into phase 1.5 while the borders go phase 3 right?
Just recently I commented a similar post as yours OP, and I am getting downvoted to oblivion.I really understand how you feel as a Malay. Take my upvote My comment I posted was http
Username does not check out. Well, actually maybe at least the nice part though.
He was big and strong, in his eyes a flaming glow
This makes me smile, but also sad. I wish everyone can be given the same opportunity regardless of where you are.
If our Government had learnt their lesson we wouldn't need this
I am more amazed on the calmness of the pool. No tourists, slow day at mbs eh?
I am sorry but that is not a job. that is just slavery.
It would be a dream if Singapore did the 4-days work week. It would make a HUGE difference to work-life balance AND work productivity.
If that is your point, then I do not see how it is in your place to tell others to stop complaining about the measures in place . We're not so single-minded to be unable to juggle both.
5G PM Li to the rescue. He will hack the enemy infra.
religion and racism are generally the last refuge of the insignificant. The more of a Pharisee you are, the more you can lord it over other people because it means you are more religious than they are.
Wow with all the awards on this post. How does being crappy to LGBT people make Singapore a better place? They aren't hermetically sealed inside a box. Toxicity recirculates throughout society. it is sad that this is what Singapore has become
All major shopping Center will rent those funeral use temporary toilet. They can use those.
You cannot encourage heterosexuality. people who say this are precisely the reason why Singapore is so backwards
human psychology? aka exactly what the person you are replying to said.?
Based on how manly I heard he is, I have no doubt he can do it.
America made race-based housing discrimination illegal in 1968, more than 50 years ago. Hopefully Singapore catches up
1000H-2200H, 6days/wk, no PH or weekend off. 14day MC and 7day AL upon confirmation Pay includes OT, meal and travel allowances
But we are not ready for an Indian PM. So, Jack Neo is the better option. I am being sarcastic
Glad I could upvote twice from malaysia and singapore subs
Does anyone seriously thinks that their taxes paid is sufficient to pay for the wages of teachers?
Shhh, do not take the undeserved praise that the ministers want for leading this country! They want their millionaire salaries ok!
She will be raising funds for the wounded via the president star charity. Imagine your celebs in their bomb shelters and bunkers live streaming their performances.
Fuck the Government! Fuck the People's Action Party! Down with the People's Action Party. Boooooooo I am being sarcastic
Pretty loud for a taser, since the video was recorded in a car. Crazy stuff sia
$3? brother more like $1 if you are feeling generous
I do agree that some people are responsible. But I do not agree that the vast majority you used have its basis in stone.
Thanks for the update! Was at Pasir Ris Park earlier too
We'd be lucky if they do not form another MMTF and conflict each other .
I mean, if we the citizens are the bosses, we are much more happier with him. Unfortunately,.
The right thing to do. We should not repeat past mistakes ( http like shipping chemical precursors that ultimately contribute to massacre ( http
How much do you want? Do you want three meals in a hawker centre, food court or restaurant? is it not the case that the average prices are different for each option?
I think we can form a platoon of generals, if not two.
Isn't Malaysia technically a theocracy? I mean Islam runs the Government and you are born a Muslim.
What's really scary is that most of the world is actually very non-moderate and extremists and we are beginning to see more and more of them as the world changes.
that is our own fault for not signing on, could have been a school principal or smrt director by now!
i also feel it in Taiseng UBi. I thought i was high just now (drinking coffee just now),
You live in Singapore, so you vote for Singapore. I am sure you do not spend 100% of your life in Sengkang. do not make the elections into a town council battle for estate upgrades.
If you cannot brainwash yourself, how are you going to brainwash others?
http For anyone who needs someone to talk or is in a dark place. Do seek help!
Another thing to point out is that UK police officers aren't issued firearms by default, they have to go through special selection/training to be an AFO( Authorised Firearms Officer) to be able to be able to carry firearms
iPad is the iPhone for Senior. Big screen for the failing eyesights.
$13 million at that time was really a lot. Can buy a few GCBs.
Janil + CHT + JoSmallSpace + LPMin + Sham is dream opponent.
They just move on . as if life did not move on before grab came along
He has a strong background in math. Let him go intelligence
Just draw a circle, centred Moscow, 100KM radius. Bomb the rest.
Heard she quit NUS even though she wasn't far from graduation. Was it true?
you are assuming that is what op meant on the first place. Which I doubt so.
Translation I have to sacrifice some of you, but that is a sacrifice I am willing to make.
simi si justice ? simi si equality ? catch no ball
MustShareNews is nothing in terms of reach. Mothership won't dare to touch it because religion is a dicey issue, unless it is something proven to be illegal like the CHC saga.
people explicitly against homosexuality are everywhere. Even in the Government. do not give too much credit to the will of the minority candidate in the opposition party.
severe acute respiratory syndrome was less contagious than 2019ncov but we were also a lot more unprepared for severe acute respiratory syndrome. Would be an interesting case study comparison once this whole thing blows over.
The families of dead Russian soldiers are compensated the equivalent of $120 USD.
So Bentley is the white elite of the car world? Lambo is the rich man son?
The latter is apparently a foreigner, so no surprise he has the incentive to defend People's Action Party.
They have the sense to tell whether you are trolling or not, yet they do not have the sense to get vaccinated. Strange world.
The breaking news I wish to hear All major telcos are to provide mobile plans and internet services to only vaccinated customers. Then the la-covider cannot even kaopei about it also.
mostly made from yps tonning and slacking late at night and sleeping for a few hours before going out again
Looks great, best of luck with the launch! Is it made with Unity? If so, its a proper Singapore product, as we in Unity's 2D team are also located in Singapore )
Too bad the wrong grandson is gay. If only it is the other family tree.
Unity was founded in Denmark, but nowadays we have offices world-wide. The development of all 2D features in the engine happens here in Singapore.
Because it does not matter that the protest is peaceful? it is still a breach of law?
do not think he is fought a lot of battles as a soldier either. Which is a good thing for Singapore of course. But a bad thing if an army career is used as a test of someone's mettle.
that is so sad to read. May your mom recover quickly. Take care.
Zhang Sanfeng is 100 and still can dominate a fight. I am being sarcastic
For families there is above avg demand for this place but do not think that would apply to a two bedroom unit.
For a 3 star General, this has probably been the toughest battle he is ever faced.
We are not smart We are not handsome We are not talented Subtle hint.
This is a very good observation. Almost like a form of survivorship bias. The ones who are gone won't be complaining anymore, leaving the ones who haven't done anything about it.
Know that you did not bring the kid into this world, but trying your best to do good for the kid since he/she has already been born
From the article, there was a staff on board and I guess people went to inform the staff maybe
My personal belief is that I'd never willingly bring a child into the world, but I am very willing, if possible, to have the privilege of adopting kids
at OP trying to stir shit but getting shit on instead.
Honestly I felt the SDA scheme was to secure votes for next GE. give ez jobs to elderly/unemployed during a crisis. If the Government had forced them into these healthcare assistant jobs they won't garner votes.
Stay cool under the incoming barrage of attitudes. Umbraged attitudes.
We have strong bonds. Our PMs the most just argue about water prices, sea areas and vehicle entry fees. No tanks no missiles no nukes.
If we beat France we will still be up against China in quarter finals . Almost an insurmountable fight but still hoping the best for our team!
More like Labour chief could not pass his own job interview.
LMW self sabo himself for being unprepared and tongue-tied for a motion he ownself raised VB self sabo himself for being a closet elitist and having a loose mouth
I do not know you do not need a Muay Thai coach to teach you how to fight against a guy who only blocked
But but, the only supermarket near me is INSIDE a mall! How am I going to buy my groceries. Government Get Vaccinated or get F &%ed
Scream for help in a train that seems empty? You'll save the guy by directing attention to yourself maybe. There was no crowd from the looks of it, if for crowd everyone can chip to hold him down
Sweet do you mind posting here because I would really like to see it.
do not worry, our minister have just sent us a letter to encourage us. I am definitely boosted and rejuvenated right now after printing it out to wipe my ass with the high quality 80GSM paper.
Yeah one time when someone pressed the button, the driver spoke to everyone on the train, everyone could hear the intercom
ECG is like the basics of the basics. Not really considered the most effective way to detect heart problems compared to Echo. So we are still lacking in that.
town council will be run by WP, but your grassroot organizations will most likely be helmed by People's Action Party members
Yeah there a lot of administrative roles in national service. Let them girls serve like PES E Bmt and give them CSS roles. (If they want PES B Bmt, let them go for it too)
Because theres always a secondary risk that they have guns too.
Yeah ik i was wondering was he kicking the knife away or what but hes just stomping the guy. Better be civilian and not a professional
Yea of all the 4G leaders, I think he is the most likely to stay
and the target group or target person is distinguished by
Interspersed with bouts of crippling depression because you feel trapped because of all the laws and fines and cctvs all around. And also crippling anxiety caused by the fast pace of life and overcrowding everywhere you go, including the parks.
Yikes. Lets wait for official confirmation and not speculation. Hopefully theres proper reporting
Not just Russia, UNSC as a whole is just a circus and useless. If just one superpower vetos? well gg no need to think about doing anything alr
Yup just felt it now also, Sengkang, I saw my coat hangers swinging so I knew I wasn't going crazy
This might be quite random, but their headwear looks so colourful and cool! And their reactions are pretty endearing, hopefully their covid situation does not get any worse. folded hands light skin tone
Buy from anywhere and everywhere Wait till you see India's airforce. They bought planes from almost every country that produces military planes (except China of course).
enough is enough sia even as an introverted ass motherfcker the so-called quarantine fatigue is real. always clashing with holidays etc just because the Government won't stop pushing the blame, and consequences of its GDP obsession, on the citizens
Great. It is on liveleak now for all the western liberals to gloat about.
Did anyone really use this as his resignation letter, or is this just his dream and has never been sent out?
yes here comes the copypastas. If yall do not understand the principle of propaganda then it is on yall. does not mean I do not support Ukraine I just do not support fake news.
he is not at the frontline unlike what you are trying to portray and he is likely to retreat to Lviv where most embassies have retreated to. And when time comes, he'll retreat to Poland. you are using an old photo.
No need marry buy small build-to-order, a convertible and minibar swee.
Cannot la as much as I support look at the surrounding countries if we legalise they won't do business with us liao.
I know. But for westerners moving here, if it is just the couple and one small child, I could see them considering this actually. Expats recommend this condo as great for families.
How many times do we have to see the Americans retreat at the sight of war to know that they're just experts at lip service.
She was awesome really. You could tell she gave it her all. What more can we ask for.
Honestly I cannot imagine it did not also require scoring damn well for psle/Os/As
I think it is because you do not see this shot quite often. it is very sharp also and there's no obstruction visible but that skyline. Just curious what camera did you use on this?
With that colour scheme and being near the prison I can see why.
One of the best shots I've of singapore in a long while. Great job!
From Straits Times own Toh Ting Wei SINGAPORE - Workers infected with covid at Changi Airport had mainly been working in one zone that had received travellers from higher-risk countries, including South Asia.
Only provided that is what OP really meant. The photo does not seem to suggest this, I do not feel it is superficial of people to jump on this post at face value.
it is true! Connections and money pushed my 220 to a 255! I am being sarcastic
Have been using comfort app for almost going to 3yrs, their price beat grab app
I do not know, is that something set by the mods? It was a normal post when I posted it.
The word is from various Malay languages so it is perfectly possible both the British and Dutch picked it up as a loan word.
I wouldn't be surprised if we'd see his return in 5 years, just like we did Ong Ye Kung ( http
What is this man so the rest of us who cannot get into RI are illiterate too?
If they want to touch opposition wards, they'd better start with first becoming independent of the Prime Minister's Office ( http and not having the Prime Minister's secretary as the chair of the electoral boundaries review committee ( http
Yes which is why this is prime subreddit of thathappened That aside, people do often tend to treat healthcare workers like pariahs in times like these.
it is a simple answer. But apparently hard for people to accept. Some folks would rather generalise and discriminate against an entire race rather then looking at it pragmatically.
Also, this respect for the elderly thing is laudable, but guys, drag your parents/grandparents to vaccination centers even if you have to carry them.
I've been in Singapore long enough to accept this unfortunate fact This particular one is particularly offensive because it uses the diversity friendly tag which is specifically created in this website to allow minorities to find non discriminatory listings.
that is when commuters need to be straightforward and say loudly do you have no sense of shame ? Maybe it'll traumatise the commission-taking pest enough to never accept any future commission-based jobs.
I could list all the names I was called being chinese in a sea of white growing up in the US. Everyone is racist.
Maybe because its shared housing? If you are sharing there could be preferences but this listing is a full friggin unit. Not a cheap one at that.
imagining any People's Action Party minister doing anything remotely brave.
Might be even better if done collectively. Imagine if hundreds of people, all upstanding members of the community, show up at police stations across Singapore, in a single day, all admitting to this crime and asking to be prosecuted?
No, there is no legal recourse You can report to CEA who I believe is just an oversight body of agents but they cannot do jack shit.
And then they forget to bring TT to check into gulag how
Yeah, reeks of martial arts lessons . I am a big guy but even I wouldn't try to break up the fight. No clue why the emergency button wasn't pressed though.
http Do show your appreciation to her directly, I am sure she appreciates it (
Y is there a mortal Kombat tournament taking place within the train ? What the fuck happen? Any update , Hope dude is ok. The other fucker should be thrown in jail.
its how you message it, i agree that putting it right down to the issue you dislike is the best. Sometimes things get generalied more.
shrugs With Singapore tightening up the S-Pass and EP, even if they do want to come to Singapore to make a living, I think it is not going to be easy.
Actually, the majority of grab's revenue no longer comes from cab rides, it actually comes from deliveries. cannot remember where I read this but the pandemic changed their business structure alot.
why is it wrong to have preference in who you deal with? Especially landlords that stay with their tenants.
Cause opposition started winning seats and people no longer cower under the force of Lee Kuan Yew who basically had no opposition in parliament for at least 20 years
I am so sorry you've had to experience this and feel this way. ( Thank you for writing this.
and apparently he also won Ukraine's Dancing with the Stars show back in 2006 http
Cause you have Singaporeans and prs coming back along with workers needed for constructive, domestic helpers etc. it is not leisure travel
Kudos to the police. Very rarely they actually discharge firearms but in this real situation he is still able to shoot a non-lethal area.
covid basically caused Hong Lim Park to close due to safe distancing measures. It has nothing to do with the issue or them.
$8? Need a review. I heard their ice cream with that cow face tasted really good
and then the girl died and reincarnated as a slime ( http
Yeah that was when Tony Tan was making his rounds shaking hands with participants. Not as brave as flipping the bird tho. !
The cooking style can also dye cabinets. I've seen it before. Very expensive to replace more than their deposit for sure.
So these clusters would have formed during the ph2a/previous round of restrictions.how are these restrictions supposed to help?!
Ehhh you need to learn how to say no and walk away
But they not wearing face mask. Fine then $300 each!
That is true for your neighbours malaysian lo-fi girls
Ehhh. Hmmm let's just say the Aussie Government got alot of flak for abandoning it is citizens and you are talking about citizens
it is illegal to hit children in Scotland since last week. Even parents cannot.
there's discrimination / social ranks in every single place where human lives.
Ehhhhh take statement AG decide whether to charge or let go
The choice is a lie. Only plain will be served, without curry, without sugar ( )
Walao I think I so emo and pms today I cry like 3 times Liao just reading the news. He is a baby! They are both ( I - sigh
Foreigners can rent HDB and if they are not super picky it is way way cheaper than SF
So this dude , dint feel like protesting or voicing out last year since March and suddenly when there is a surge in India he holds a placard saying We are not racist what a joke
Why cannot we just do a snap strict 3-4 day Circuit breaker like Australia and NZ. Get it done and over with instead of these pointless dragged out measures.
as much as i get annoyed at those uncles, i would be lying to say i am not waiting to turn 70 and do the same without giving a fuck about anyone
I only discovered the vaccine makes you magnetic theory today thanks to that group. I feel like I've been cheated. Pfizer, where's my free 5G signal?
If CSJ political career was torpedoed by him running to foriegn media to complain (Kristen Han's if she has any aspiration are gone as well), foreign media pressure is not going to make this issue popular among Singaporeans.
otter family need to pay maintenance fee like everyone else!
did not spend enough to ensure we got the vaccines first. that is it, that simple.
If you are so anxious about people approaching to sell stuff, I think you may need some professional help
As someone who is working at the cinema and have seen cuts of the movie countless time, every moment of it was cringey and disrespectful.
Or you guys could just hoard some cash, then do some long-term investment & retire early in Malaysia
If you do not have any other savings other than cpf oa you should take a look at your budget
For every Michael Palmer, there is a Yaw Shin Leong, and Steve Chia.
I was talking about your original comment stating that they're disrespectful not the virus thing. Calm down
Japan had a border dispute with Russia. They are neighbors
Sorry for your experience man but it is incredibly judgemental to base everything on a few China tourists you've seen or heard.
Singapore living is pricy , but having a coop house is much better than paying rent and not building equity
the vibes is diff brother, if i do that now I am just vibing normally, but if i do when I am 70 blasting hokkien songs that is the real vibe
Man the WP has been pure class thus far, unfortunate that I cannot vote for them. Those who are able to should consider themselves blessed.
Because it is an important distinction whether a person is just being an asshole, or a person is being a racist. Like if you are going to condemn someone, condemn them for a right reasons.
Lower pcr for what. Those who need it to confirm covid it is free. To travel is another thing
In 1986, then Minister of National Development Teh Cheang Wan was being investigated for corruption. He committed suicide before he was charged.
We cannot choose where we are born, but we can choose where we want to live and where to retire. There are thousands of Singaporeans who had migrate to different place and are happy with their choice.
Ministry of Education pays the teacher's salary, not your parents. Most people do not even pay income tax after having children etc
people will hate and laugh at whatever they want. Whether it is right or not only changes how and when they display their feelings. But it won't change how they feel.
My understanding is he is quite devout and edges close to the fundie pov
You find your own meaning in life. If you cared so much about how other people live, how others see you, that is on you, not your environment. There's more to Singapore than just money.
For Singapore, it is more than a human rights issue. it is literally written in the Constitution 13. (1) No citizen of Singapore shall be banished or excluded from Singapore.
On the phone stupid auto correct. Ya has. Hokkaido isn't that far from Russia
Anyone knows the historic reason why the malays here largely became muslims?
beep. boop. robot I am a bot that helps downloading videos Download via reddit.tube ( http Audio only ( http I also work with links sent by PM. Download more videos from singapore ( http Info ( http
Just do not be an asshole. But alas, its a tall order for some people
vredditshare, http --- (I am a bot.) (Report an issue) ( http a link to the gif or comment in your message%2C I am not always sure which request is being reported. Thanks for helping me out!)
No Game No Life taught me that cuteness is justice
Our importance is not the size of the market but our connections with places in Asia. More importantly for the US who if they want to prevent China from expanding their power, needs us in the region
Who needs a retirement plan when climate catastrophe is going to kill us all? I am being sarcastic
His wife just be like holy shit. My husband just became the sexiest guy in Singapore overnight
Our law does not care if the protest is violent or peaceful as long there is no permit you are in breach of the public order act. do not like the law, petition your MPs to change it
compulsory to match the 3 stripes to the exact gold shade of the chain.
answer is -$300 no need for Singporean or PR to work that out. you are welcome.
Sadly no. But if you know people in that movement he was involved
does not make sense the fact you have 1st shot then got Covid19, which is considered as taking 2nd shot. technically you can take the booster once you are 6 months after recovery.
Not all heroes wear cape, stay strong pal! And please take good care of your health.
Soviet doctrine was like that. Send in your cheap not so well armed conscripts to soften the ground then send in the more professional soldiers with better equipment
If I did not remember wrongly, even during the CB last year, all Singapore Citizens and PRs are allowed to return The only issue was -- can they find a way to come back?
Of course he said he was fine. 24 year old getting his ass whupped by a 40 year old. he is going to piss blood in private and escape the jokes.
Or the reverse so you do not feel guilty about eating that big mac, just exercise till you throw the whole thing up
I recently read an article saying that statistically, couple who spend extravagantly on their wedding tend to end up in divorce.
Tiagong People's Action Party secretly controls the world. Anything bad is People's Action Party's fault
sigma? that is. counts fingers . the 18th letter of the Greek alphabet. What does that mean? What does it mean? What do anything mean?
the y-axis need not go to 100, as long as it starts from 0.
Well it is an open and shut case based on the penal code. Also the 3 were willing to get arrested and charged to prove a point. You do not have to worry about them
then you can use a log scale for y axis.
I understand that Ivermectin has just been adopted as the national guideline therapeutic drug for covid. Take that along with zinc. Stay safe!
When they are priced out of the city because they are not earning enough to even rent a small apartment. SV/San Fran is not all sunshine and tellytubbies
Talking about malay muslim struggles what do you all put when documents asked for full names? If i put my father's name they always messed it up.
In US, they recommend you not use the phone in event of active shooter, as the shooter may locate you through the locations you shared on online social media sites.
and imagine we do not even have to travel that far for our daily stuff
I wonder if the Government will do a Hand Maid's tale to solve our population woes.
that is the truth but most of the bosses do not understand this and always believe that OT means the worker is so hardworking and productive. Weird logic.
Thanks, I've been waiting for your game. Hopefully you haven't missed this, but can you please add it to Geforce Now cloudgaming. This way a wide range of people can play it. http
This is why many are not having children cause fuck raising a kid in this shit show.
Is ok he can go for retraining to upskill himself
wait the balestier road guys moved? I thought this was like a new branch or something. The balestier road one is the one literally on the same stretch as that famous bakery, right?
Magnitude 6.2 earthquake around Mount Talakmau in West Sumatra. Thought I was feeling unwell and having vertigo
Tony Tan's son was given a long national service deferment, until he finished his PHD overseas, then returned to serve national service as a defense medical scientist , which is a very special vocation indeed.
We shouldn't be protesting about this but our Government is really stubborn and only react when it is too late.
Not really . They can withdraw like what they did to Afghanistan. More importantly, we need to prove valuable to USA as a strategic partner.
cannot wait for Jo Teo to tell me to have sex in my 1 bedroom apt to pass the time for cb 2
I feel like its pretty common for people to become more religious as they get older
it is call a Pre-emptive strike. If Ukraine had been Israel, the Russian soldiers massing at the borders would have been decimated. Israel do not fuck around when it comes to their sovereignty.
Ugh fuck if they did not lie and backtrack on the privacy concerns and tracing data I wouldn't be as reluctant and concerned about downloading the app or getting the physical token
it is human nature. Nobody likes to be proven wrong and had to move their position.
My Wife and SIL is blur like sotong and do not know who the fuck is Jamus.
They very smart. Edmw kept giving fantastic suggestions on how and who sucks and they advise is so much better or WP can do much much better jobs.
Reminded me the first time I touched an Aussie note. Wow plastic! Back then we were still using paper notes.
Yes I know that and her comment made it even worse for Durai. Remember this, her reality is not the same as ours. While $5 cai peng to us is expensive. $50 meal is peanuts to her.
what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck also we found the person with biggest set of balls in singapore
Well done! Never had this version but I had the gameboy color version back in the days. Never completed it.
True that, he was not only rude but ignorant also.
I mean, its not like they (or anyone really) believed that anyway
But Singapore ministers have never heard a single migrant worker demanding for anything. I am being sarcastic
bullying and harassment is a very big factor. but we can only speculate to know after investigations are done.
Stunning photo! Really remind me of the lion king. And also door to heaven.
i love how he is always smiling when he talks! it eases the tension so so much thumbs up
I may watch the Singapore parliament more if they started acting like the UK parliament . You gotta admit, it is amusing.
Has anyone actually ever been told no chinese , or is that just something you say in the comment section to soften the blow of discriminatory housing practices in your country?
I am sorry but why dafaq are people giving wholesome award to this
Other country view very nice ours got side of building
the rich won't let saf enter later they complain their resort paradise value drop when the aggressor start dropping artillery on their precious property.
He does know her personally- he is a YouTuber and he is made content with her if I remember correctly.
Damn, he was targeting the first person that enter the toilet, meaning it could have been anyone, that is seriously messed up. Imagine minding your business and then Chop .
There is nothing wrong for Dr Chee to speak up for Singaporeans unless he is telling lie.
With Jamus hope WP win more seats. We desperately need more alternate voice.
Everybody is equal, but some are more equal than others.
if you had waited longer, you would've seen and then
do not lose it and clean, that is is definitely valuable, there is no way a charity drive here in Singapore would do this again. Props to you for even having one!
It was mentioned by the comment starter ( http not the guy he was replying to.
To be fair SV is one of the most extreme markets in the world. Most of the USA is massively more affordable.
it is gotta be a marketing strategy. Sign up all the guilty people.
The best thing to do is diam diam and disappear. Otherwise, there will be an influx of friends/colleagues .
Likely gyms setting up near McD's given that there are a lot more McD's around - so many, it is hard to find any strip mall or high street space big enough for a gym without being close to a McD's.
As someone who has had my own experience navigating the system, I tend to agree. Nevertheless I think that it is important to continue spreading awareness.
fucking crazy. this is how we are going to treat people now?
I feel this is just going to make more people flout the rules because they think the renewed restrictions are unjustified.
Question should be rephrased to what's the point of living at all.
Yep, . Hard choice - trying to lose the CB weight.
Man this is hard to watch, literally kicking a man while he is down
must placate the sky daddy loving crowd for dem votes
All races are equal but some are more equal than others. PRC not Chinese?
Now replace it with No Chinese and watch all of Singapore lose their goddamn minds over the unfair racism. PRCs are Chinese. There are No PRCs . No minds have been lost. Your point?
He called name on LMW when he cannot argue. How did he become a foreign minister. If LMW is an illiterate he is a liar (TraceTogether).
I feel you. I am a closeted ex muslim and i fear the backlash from my own family. Its sad really.
Bye bye Minister Ng thank you for your service but it is JAMUS TIME
A country overrun by neo Nazis voting in a liberal Jew as president? I guess Singapore love WP deep deep because EDMW loves opposition.
Already saw one FB comment saying Play too much games . Idiot.
Man what a shitshow of tone deaf mofos in the comments
Because of all these reasons that is why until today we failed to contain the virus. Does the virus actually have compassion for us? Answer is no.
Is this photo recent(during the fight right now) or at a previous exercise? I love this man and all he stands for. Stand strong Ukraine red heart
that is the same as blaming the chinese for whatever the fuck winnie the pooh is doing to HK and Taiwan
Yet soldier for soldier the fulltime national serviceman and NSman would have more actual live fire training than the Msian counterpart. The Malaysian soldier may spend more time in uniform, but their budget means they fired their weapons less
The graph (not mine) shows death only. So that is why my comment is about death only. There are other graphs if you check. They're not as drama but still also quite low. Suggest you have a look.
I agree that national service is important, but ippt post national service is such a waste of time.
The outlet in ten mile junction is in a mall )
I am sorry you had to go through that at a young age. I am sure you will find happiness for the remainder of your life, you deserve it after all the pain at the start.
I think this is a very valid point. Often see people eating/drinking around the booths they just bought their food from.
one of them are my dad because he work's the whole night to get money (
Imagine being 60 and still being childish as fuck
yes she's very spontaneous!! Keep up the good work )
I've only seen season 1 but that guy is a coward!
that is because it IS the rear of ica. Not TTSH.
Honestly. These PR or new citizens knows the risk and so do our Government. Why do we even allow them to go back and come to Singapore?!?!
that is not toxic milk, that is actually HL milk, the perfect balance of highs and lows. Now with plant sterols.
Agree. I do not doubt their intentions, I am certain it comes from a good place for most of them. Just does not translate into the real world as effectively.
If i give this to you, will it stop you from bothering me Mr Coconut 1 month sub for storytel grinning face with sweat
Imagine all the additional manpower we can get from female national service
As a fellow Grab driver. Fuck Grab, with their bullshit.
My wife and I did not have a wedding. Just a nice dinner with the family
Winston Churchill Nations which go down fighting rise again, and those that surrender tamely are finished. So will we fight or surrender?
The absolute worst is rain during waking up. Be it for school or work
Singaporeans should be allowed back of course but they will need to be quarantined.
Alcohol sales after 10 30 is damn dumb. Same thing the results of a minority resulting in the rest all getting the stick.
How to solve when they are so removed from the issue that do not even see the problem? When you have people like small spaces Teo in charge?
Where will you try to go? I know the NHS is doing quite badly US is also a disaster. I am just curious at which nation's healthcare system is handling it well enough.
Imagine having fools like these people run our country person facepalming
I agree especially with the lack of a solid opposition here in Tampines, People's Action Party cannot risk to pull another manoeuvre like the one they did with HSK or they will lose more than a group representation constituency, so gerrymandering it is
Yeah we do it before school starts and I say sing but it more like lip syncing or just noting. Thank god for masks now we just stand and wait for time to pass
damn, really enjoyed reading your post. you are going to have a good time in GP )
Zelensky was convinced US and allies will support him and capable of neutralizing Russia. He did not realize, US has never considered Ukraine as strategic important location. US is not going to have military conflict with Russia over Ukraine.
well i mean, lsd, cannabis, mdma all do not(as long as its taken with water/not sold at a club)
knew this shit would happen. shorted sti hard, thank you and fuck you People's Action Party
at some point everyone has to realize this virus will be here forever. Government cannot just lockdown like this every year when cases inevitably rise.
Its more like theyve grown up thinking that pork is bad and dirty , to the point that even touching the can indirectly is sth they mentally cannot accept. I am speaking from my observation within my own muslim family
Poor dude getting left out of their imaginary friend group shaking my head
Reminds me of the Waiter Rule, A person who is nice to you but rude to the waiter, or to others, is not a nice person.
East coast park and Bedok Reservoir Park tape on the sitting areas. Tampines Central Park no tape. Coincidence or bias against helpers that gather there? I find this troubling
Strong stance? I think our Government is way too lenient on the CCP rhetoric infiltrating our boomers' whatsapps
You will get used to it. I also have a problem with nausea playing FPS when there is a lot of movement. But watching more Jamus debates (maybe this one on repeat), the brain will automatically correct itself.
The apparent conflicts of interest are one thing, but it was the whole elected presidency fiasco has convinced me that the political system in Singapore needs more robustness. Glad i have decent opposition candidates in my area this time around.
Your comment makes you sound literally like those people, except replacing one group for another.
username checks out - thank you for the informative links!
Because they can spread the virus to others, and vaccinations reduce transmission rates.
I do not understand why storytel cannot be like any other tech startups and just spam the web with their ads. Feels like their kind of marketing does not work at all.
This is wayyyy too far down. Can I put up a link? http
he is living in the same ivory towers as our politicians
Where's that 3-tower hotel with the river at the top?
All in the name of not wanting more foreign workers here queue slow clap clapping hands
I would be surprised if the law was not here to stay. Singapore has a large conservative voter base who would not like it if the law was revoked, and Government probably does not want to deal with that.
Cheaper to develop new app than make changes to existing, cost is the concern
I had to get my hand as close as possible so I wouldn't face accusations of exaggerating the size! If you look carefully, you can see my index finger pressing on the web .
Aight I have nothing nice to say to that guy so I'll shut up. Also, wow that was a fast response from someone who isn't op. Did you click on this post right as I posted this comment .
Most spiders are venomous but nth will happen to us save for a very small select species when bitten
You know what, you do you ba. You wanna risk yourself? Sure, go ahead. Your life, your choice.
Duh simple. it is maths question. Canoe size is only 2 pax. Peter and Paul and Park want to cross the river.
I think pretty textbook scenario overall, response justified. Next day confirm inquiry (why never use taser etc etc.)
I agree they should be let in. But 3 week SHN instead of 2 week to catch edge cases. But those who keep travelling in and out of country really headache
Kids are kids so they can be excused. Unfortunately your anger is misdirected at them. But please call out any adults doing it, and keep the traditions alive as far as you can
The only victims are peeps who are unable to get vax on medical ground, other than that the whole lot of them should be excluded even from taking public transport. Just walk/cycle/drive or grab wherever you are gg.
You should have seen how fast they could run 2.4km as well!
yeah. his identity and to some extent the entire lee legacy, Lee Kuan Yew etc is tied so closely to singapore they'll probably go down with the ship if it came to that,
Vaccinated or not also same shit, vaccinate for fuck? Sry but I am selfish you wanna die go ahead i wanna enjoy my life Dumb policies
Fake stories are bad no matter how noble the intention. Is damaging our hawker's reputation not terrible?
Well, I guess you've reached the point where you realise why our birth rate keeps falling.
and the corruption was never proven? so it was assumed he committed suicide out of guilt/shame?
Is this a really common thing? My husband might have to move to Singapore for work and we have 3 kids, I've been looking into there schools and I was wondering about this.
it is quite infuriating to see people standing around just watching, and seemingly like no one bothered to press the emergency button. bystander effect in action I guess. Let's hope someone actually pressed the button, just not shown in the video
yes, Queensway. I only used that Anytime Fitness outlet to take a shower after playing football at the nearby Alexandra Hospital field.
Wow, which school did you go to? I only learnt about it in university but I was fortunate enough I guess to be born in a relatively frugal household so naturally I was pretty frugal myself.
In this case can still be taser right? But I see the POs look like they drawing for firearms ready unless kena tase from offscreen
I am taking less than 2.5 but titled exec. no ot.
Our employees are producing 120% while only using 80%! Imagine how much more we can do with 100%! Employers in a nutshell.
Actually turn out each got 2 million (as 8 lucky winners are found on Friday of group 1) - PS would you resign if you win 2 million? )
Yep if I am nt wrong, the other 2/3 of a deceased muslim's assets can only go to muslim beneficiaries. So if you converted out, you wont be entitled to your share out of the 2/3 under faraid laws
I recently rewatched that on Netflix, its miles ahead of ABTM.
please be careful of scams. agree that this salesperson seems very shady. my aunt had a similar experience too.
I remember some dude in my squad ask why no warning shot, my SI ketok him and say 10 ROUNDS ONLY YOU WANT TO BOBO 1 ROUND?
Oh yeah I remembered the ITE College West case as well and the memes that followed after.
At night? They are terribly inconsiderate during the day as well. Pulling out a child who does only yelling to balcony so everyone can hear it some kind of tradition across families i have observed
At the end of the day no one lives forever and religion is a part of you but shouldn't consume who you are.
They changed the gun emoji to be a water pistol. it is the little ways tech companies try to manipulate things. It would make sense if they changed the other weapon emojis also, but they did not.
Define accepted? Family is union of 2 heterosexual people, period. If someone homosexual is living with someone homosexual it is totally fine, noone cares.
Obviously fake. The font that NParks uses is Futura by the way, whoever made this.
Just a demon? Wow, how pedestrian. I had to join a cult, cut off 3 of my limbs and sacrifice my immediate and extended family to raise Satan himself as my child. Get on my level of parenthood.
Looks like firearm discharge, cannot see the prongs of a taser nor its colour.
Friend was paying 1800 for just the master bedroom at Caspian 7-8 years ago, which is next to this place
Good job. Keep overloading the medical system. To all medical staff, it is little for me to say but your overtime in fighting his pandemic have my respect. Keep going! Thank you.
Gosh, I wish those devices would switch to mute mode every time seniors board a bus or train. Some of them are so inconsiderate
Wow, applaud this uncle for being tech savvy. Hope he will not get distracted by his playlists and most importantly is to lookout for traffic.
, just one question, what makes you think your mentality is absolute truth while my mentality should stay in 60s ? rolling on the floor laughing that is a rare case of self entitlement even for Reddit do not bother to answer, it is rhetorical question
Another downside is they tend to get stuck together when they are moist . I remember being quite amazed when I first handled polymer notes ( if I remember correctly Aussie currency?).
2032 unker walks along the road with a 32inch smart TV playing funky hokkien songs.
Ok, blah blah blah and irrelevant personal insults. So predictable.
Heng arh. I went to cut during lunchtime before the news. No one. Whew
A 40-year-old man has been arrested for public nuisance and is being investigated for allegedly assaulting another commuter on board an MRT train. I do not know, does not look like public nuisance in my book.
So what's wrong with it? Luckily, unlike western world, we are not destroying society and educate kids that traditional, nuclear family is important. Whatever our kids choose to believe in, lgbtqwhatever will be their choice, but family values are important.
I am moving more towards this too, thought I still feel that guilt of having to raise a kid into this world and feed them hope that everything will be alright (if that makes sense)
Unvaccinated are not allowed to make eye contact with people to reduce social integration.
Warnings shots are forbidden, and training is all about shooting centremass.
There's another one called TRYBALS which did a Bob Ross reaction/try out episode.
Wow little did we know how plastic notes can make ones happy. Meanwhile, I've been on cards and digital wallet since long time ago.
What makes you restraining yourself now? Just do not give a damn and turn on blasting music full volume, big deal
There's quite a distinct cultural difference between maritime South East Asia ( Singapore, MY, ID, PH, BR and somewhat TH) vs indonchine south east Asia.
It was incredibly brave of them to do this because, like you said, everyone knew they'd be arrested. Really disgusting that a peaceful call for respect & rights - with FIVE people max - led to this.
I heard your leader likes to eat peanut butter from the jar. What a lad!
As we've seen before (and now), subreddit of Singapore aren't really good at making up their mind on where they stand on things p
Ya i notice that does not seem to be the best place to have a opinion of your own really.
Maybe it is just me being cynical, but did Singapore make similar statements when the US pursued regime change in Iraq and Afghanistan as part of their War on Terrorism?
As if the durian is fucking aromatic and the soup / food that is cooked at the hawker centres do not leave any trace. They are still allowed.
A little reminder that if we open our eyes, we can actually see the many wonderful things that we have taken for granted for so long. What a nice video!
Lee Hsien Loong did lot more than acting or wearing uniform, pretend a man .
Since when we care about the fellow humans? The dorm owners need to have another villa or holiday bungalow. If these workers go out and get covid then how?
I fully agree with our stance. When the lips are gone, the teeth will be cold.
Under stress, been a good boy friend/ father/mother/sister, or high potential to be a great leader in future.
Why this post got Contest mode enabled? it is all truth and we shouldnt be hiding this under the carpet. Let's face the reality.
Nubbad I guess. Got balls and sending the right messages.
like this so much thumbs up it is like normal Pokemons swimming next to a legendary Pokemon!
In the words of an orange orangutan Grab them by the pussy.
For fuck sake just give them more money fuck clap hands no use at least give them cold hard cash got at some appreciation You clap hands got use shaking my head
As a nursing student. I am really fucking worried about my internship
Yeah if the axis started from say 10% then the area shown per data point would be highly distorted from the actual ratios. But this one starts from zero. No issue with the area proportions for each data point.
It still a lot of balls to stand and fight like he does especially when Putin has a kill list with his name on it imao
They're getting external support from the family service centre in Boon Lay so that is great.
If saf permits I'd go to Ukraine in a heartbeat.
The kind of people who just clap their hands and do fuck all
Our South East Asia neighbors use more of Russian military hardware than us. Hence they still need some support from Russia for maintenance and parts. We only have the Igla short range SAM if I am not wrong.
This is so beautiful and uplifting. I love it A++
That the crime occurred is certain, but they could have grabbed the wrong guy. That happens a lot, everywhere.
The mods better not fucking turn this thread into contest mode
This guy's meme will be the highlight for at least a few years of NDP in the future.
This is just as wild as that thing about neckties being haram because they look like a cross.
He lost his seat, not his job, or am I missing something? edit I wish I could be happy about it but Marine Parade still People's Action Party ground v
They're talking about a roadmap and not doing anything Or rather, they claim they have a roadmap but who knows what is going on since there is still no sign of any roadmap.
Marine Paraders will join you soon! (I live in Serangoon Marine Parade simi sai grcnotbroken)
You say that now wait until GE2025 when he has to carry Ivan Lim
seriously, i did not know Singapore still give dowry. such an old fashioned custom, and i thought it is quite demeaning for the bride too. are you buying your bride from the market? not virgin can get 30% discount?
go, go to war. then we won't have to hear your bullshit
oh yea that was me on a burner account , just got banned for posting blue waffle. somehow the 2 memes and goatse got missed by the mods
I currently have friends who say publicly that trans people do not exist, and multiple people in the same class agree with absolutely no pushback, it is not a generational issue my guy
Sure I did. Then I came to the conclusion that nothing justifies bombing another country.
Ask China to help (in order to untie the bell, the person who tied it is required).
Well their policies are pretty good, theres a greater emphasis on social programs compared to the People's Action Party. Would recommend giving their manifesto a read. But all in all I prob wouldn't vote WP in the coming election.
Me with 5 hours of sleep half the week then take like 11-12 hours of sleep for a night or two
The earth is flat because I do not see the actual curvature
The one with the couple at the party? And then they show some sexually transmitted diseases vid
Greetings cashier i would like to order a family bucket of waifus and husbandos combo
prior to covid, our hospitals were already pretty packed due to some people not planning for increase in population. ntf and ktph are fairly new hospitals but there's still a great need.
Thing is, this do be a consent form for sex ed for secondary 2 students, which said lqbtq students have to sit through
Bingo, till you've been a minority somewhere, you will have no idea what it feels like.
Watched it last year, weirdly do kinda like it, acting is subpar but it has an odd indie movie charm to it
Just went to scroll through for some entertainment. A lot looks like trolls .
Oh, this measures are only until the end of the month, alright. it is just whether the new measures on 1st June is going to be tighter or not.
? Are you ok? Let's be realistic here. How is 1-2k worth of room and board not a relevant part of a compensation package?
Repeal 377A already, you bunch of old outdated conservative fucks.
The conspiracy theories behind Lee Hsien Loong's first wife, Wong Ming Yang's death. It was pretty big and much talked about when she died in the 1980s.
Here's a good one. Religious sites and buildings now require proof of vaccination to enter. Get between them and their precious god to see the real meltdown.
oh damn i love this place, i used to walk by walking up to river valley rd
Are you from Sengkang? Is is strange that you are not the only one who said that People's Action Party will be an easy win and most neighbours will vote for People's Action Party.
it is rare to see monkeys there, but sometimes you see hornbills, monitor lizards, otters, vipers, and even jellyfish if the water is clear. If you are in the west though, Sungei Buloh Wetland Reserve is your best bet.
did not a certain senior politician say that people who earn little are corrupted?
Ya what the fuck hello just beat until right handed lohr I am being sarcastic
No kidding I saw this guy ( http just down the road on the Sunrise Bridge. Here's a video ( http of another golden orb weaver spider in Pasir Ris Park they get quite big!
Get your workforce to go back to office but not allowing the majority of them to even start getting vaccinated, what could go wrong?
YES WE WON. CB FIRST PLACE TAKE THAT.
http Seems to be an axe! Damn, school is also not safe anymore.
Look! A horse! Hey! it is the same horse we beat 2 weeks ago!
do not forget the exit is faced directly at the gym
They really do not. They think they are being completely normal as a supreme being.
just saw a boomer lady compare this to a nazi campaign
I think can . They said only those personalized services that require mask be taken off will be closed, like facials. Cut hair no need take off mask what (as I have been getting haircuts over the last one year)
I do not know if you are from singapore, but in singapore, a single person cannot buy hdb until they are 35. No restriction on private properties but most younger singles def wont be able afford it.
Its not. If anything its counter productive. Its just one more stupid incident that people can use against the LGBGT to justify bigotry and hate.
And their mental health. Pretty much being forced to stay home is bad but stay home with abusive family members with no hope in sight? Even worse.
I would think that as they're going to be on this show, they would dress their best
Nothing to apologise for you did the right thing by raising awareness of these scum parents.
I've seen many users here scared shitless when the numbers spike a little. Fear blocks logic and really makes them illogical. If anything, I'd say the true Pandemic is Fear itself.
We need more people like you who will grow up to be better humans compared to the sheer number of selfish fucks we call Singaporeans nowadays.
I would just asked What did you just say to me? If he got the balls to repeat I would just te that prick to go help himself and tend to other customers
The People's Action Party does not even do what they preach. With this they have lost what little respect left I have for them.
At least Malaysia want to talk cock will shout it out. This one whisper whisper only. Mum Wai! What you want! Anytime! PUK you!
I personally feel that it would look better if faced more to the right with still water. Nonetheless easily one of the best picture taken from the infinity pool
Yes, it is called voting for the opposition. it is not about you wanting the opposition, it is about sending a message that they will understand. As evident when someone cried like a bitch in 2011 Election.
did not know $2 MRT fried rice was such a luxury item.
I am resisting the urge to join covid la kopi and sgconcernedparents to troll
I've actually been looking for somewhere to get my pierogi and borscht fix - been a while since I've had russian food. Sounds like my weekend plans are set!
sees bala and CSJ slinging mud at each other starts off his closing statement with I enjoyed the debate actually!
Again, not the main point of the post. it is a strawman argument to argue over the detail on loosening measures.
You see the fresh soil there? It will be burried
Singaporean here, I would describe my country as A golden birds cage with a obsessive owner .
you do not have to train to throw an elbow
I won't be expecting a person past retirement age to fight on the frontlines. A better question to ask is if the 4th gen leadership would be prepared to stand fast and fight
How come there are still partially vaccinated people? what the fuck have they been doing for the past 3 months?
Mum in central claims she felt it, I am in Tampines and did not feel anything.
Probably same as Indonesia. They have people manning entrances at malls. Better than having someone at every restaurant checking.
You mean an inactivated virus vaccine based on the alpha variant that is near worthless against the delta variant?
I live in the area and they've got some interesting things inside!
So much humility. Truly an athlete we can all be proud of.
anyone who wants the full res pic, do DM me on instagram yongyichuaaa )
Oh this is a damn good comeback. I am going to use it if anyone questions why I am supporting russian business when I go eat it this weekend
Money isnt the issue but just one of many issues. If you think money isnt the issue then you are missing one of many points.
dm me on ig! I'll give ya full res
Not sure about the balestier part but this is on river valley road a short walk from the Mhd Sultan - River Valley junction!
go find me a similar picture (same angle of this skyline) and before commenting shot by thousands of others . Stop and take a look before commenting
Ok I will not accept anything less than those synchronised claps like those North Korean parades.
Susan Long M.V.P. I wonder if the newer generation of journalists have the balls to do expose such as this, or they do but the higher ups are just quelling such stories.
This is going to be my wallpaper for the next n months!
I am assuming hoppey? She's crazy but super fun!! oh my god the world is so small )
I find it damn sad that there are still fervent supporters of the CHC leadership even though its clear they milked them for their hard earned money . when will they wake up
it is! (At least for me i can see it )
Or how we wouldn't have learned anything about the bionix/jeep accident if someone did not break OSA and leak photos of the accident forcing mindef to publicly acknowledge and take action
sorry but i usually only shoot alone / w close friends
this water is 100% real. Plus i do not think you've been to this area (where i shot this) before . It isnt exactly a place people can just walk in )
It takes a special kind of dumbass to look at a someone, who belongs to a minority, pouring their heart out and say, that is just like being white.
Unfortunately this kinda low brow thinking is still very common in Singapore.
I was pretty far away, so i was using a 50mm to shoot this
The only thing I learnt from this video is that the cost of living is high in Singapore and our purchasing power is weak
if it were up to you, how would you approach about doing it
Oh wow thanks guys for the love. If anyone is interested my ig is yongyichuaaa You can follow me for somemore sickerino photos
2 Bedder Condo in Boon Lay is 3.6k per month?
Superheroes do not get paid by the city they're protecting. that is why healthcare workers are heroes, because they do not get paid enough.
that is a cool idea, i'll explore that idea thanks
And the one who found the body. Hope he/she wasn't alone when they walked into the room and made that gruelling discovery.
Looking at his age (looks like 10 or so?), I think it is most likely he just saw someone else doing it and copied it without knowing what it meant. Shame that it had to happen during the parade though.
Truth is that singaporeans do not give a fucking shit about other people. Just lip service, clap and praise today, tomorrow fuck up some poor underpaid nurse's day.
And when he dies, his grandkids would live on to tell the tale. with video proof.
i recall reading this same story a few months ago on this sub too. are you trolling us?
Do they see if the transaction was successful after you enter the details?
damn I won't want to be the receiving end of those. All the guai lan-ness would have disappear.
Why does everything I see about the Netherlands seem great. The Government's got to be run by f---ing reptiles or some s---, everything I see about it seems wonderful
I am from the Netherlands and do not believe this chart at all.
yeah, just finished olvls last year and this graph looks perfectly fine
First day on subreddit of Singapore? Ridiculous comparisons is like bread and butter here whenever the hive gets triggered.
Think that is pedantic? In Amsterdam the I Amsterdam letters got removed at the Museumplein. The motion filed by political party GroenLinks deemed the sign to be individualistic, whereas Amsterdam should instead promote solidarity and diversity.
Will 2 70 year olds really add significant military value to the defense of Singapore? Their job is to stay in the country and lead younger Singaporeans to fight, not to go all rambo and exterminate the invader singlehandly.
IMAGINE GERRYMANDERING A NEW group representation constituency JUST TO LOSE IT IMMEDIATELY TO WP edit SO BAD LULW
Jamus from RI . This is beginning to look like Vivian really has an axe to grind with RI.
This is home, truly, where I know I shouldn't be, where my dreams will leave me, where the drains will clog and flood.
Oh ok, I do not know much about laws so I do not know what the common sentences are
I feel you, had the same experience. Quit that job, but still had those traumatic flashbacks about those years at that workplace.
Yes i spilled cai png curry on my money once and just washed it in water.
Precisely. Snowflakes with a persecution complex will report you to the police for wounding their religious feelings.
The sanctions were introduced after Crimea's annexation in 2014, Georgia's invasion in 2008, etc. labeling as a villain indeed!
They did not get into trouble for proselytising, they got into trouble because those flyers criticised islam.
Imagine missing hitting the cars on the opposite side of the road
The Government rather throw the money into SPH Media Trust than to help the healthcare workers sigh.
I would be too traumatized to ever go to the toilet again. Will rather pee in the open where every one can see.
WiFi are for peasants, he using LTE for radio face with tears of joy
Do you not know that the joy of the common man stems from overcoming the struggles of life? We peasants have to settle for such, that is the way it is.
5 years ago I would have dismissed it outright but recent events have brought my misanthropy to new levels.
So. Are we going to do some clapping this weekend again? I am being sarcastic just incase
This brings back memories of BMT where everyone had to give a sample of their signature before we went back to the bunk, and we kept having to redo the whole form whenever someone accidentally signed the line.
But you already know we plan to do it. That is enough to start to protest now.
brother can i dm you to ask about your experience?
Nice username ) I'll go read up and do some research.
On the contrary, we are forced to serve national service for them
I was praising them since the endemic announcement. I couldn't believe they were adopting a sensible approach. Now they've gone and done the complete opposite. They couldn't take the heat so they stepped out the kitchen
Well if Singapore is for everyone then everyone should contribute equally. But we only have a few brave serving as bunch of cowards.
Why not let Singaporean males immediately start contributing to the economy instead of spending on them? Let's be fair, everyone needs to have a stake and a chance to defend their country they call home.
the biggest joke the lawyer is claiming this verdict as a partial win.
sadly alr confirmed by ST - an axe was secured as evidence (
Boss going to ask if you want to sell YTF instead
, no. OP posted on both MY and Singapore threads.
it is inevitable that the majority of a society will discriminate against the minority.
because we got so manly lazada flash deals how to sleep?!?
One of my FB friend is helping out on this project, she posted a few days back but I forget about it (sorry). Let me download the demo after work today!
I admire SengKang's residents who understood the bigger picture for WP to win their ground. GIAM XIA SENGKANG.
Wow how obnoxious. I never understood what the big deal is about 'good schools' anyways. Being good at memorizing has no correlation to life success! Just be decent and polite parents. what the fuck
parents need to grow up. they are still so old school oh my god
. Different group representation constituency different town council. Won't make a difference to you. At least not much
Ministry of Manpower justify the long hours by saying people are Singapore's only resource thus they need to be squeezed dry. Stone Age thinking with no concept of well-being or efficiency.
like i mentioned to another poster, it does not matter. if you can only see things at face value, you lack critical thinking and you miss the big picture.
Alright you are clearly an idiot. I'll leave you figure that out.
I have a grandma that is close too 100 and my aunt who cannot work due to this shitty virus has to still take care of her in her 50s and she likely won't have a very fun retirement
And what in your enlightened view should be done to curb the spread?
Simple. Coordinate with the embassy to evacuate all citizens now. Quarantine in either India or a secure facility in Singapore for 3 weeks to a month.
it is a baby facehugger, brother! you are lucky you made it out alive.
We really should ban all travel from India. it is just basic pandemic control.
That is unfortunately the complete opposite of what should be happening
That was honestly stupid of the victim to brush it off. I wonder if that contributed to how easy the attacker got off.
Wonder if they made some 50-step vetting SOP after this that includes some patriotic profile to vet every single subsequent performer in NDP face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy
It is a waste of money if it isn't a necessity. If your parents are anywhere as bad as OP's then I'd argue it is a necessity.
it is not mandatory if you do not wish to enter any premises.
Like overpaying insurance premiums and expensive gym memberships, everyone should think twice before spending a significant % of their income on a recurring fee. it is definitely something that shouldn't be done for shits and giggles.
Does it matter? As long as the message cuts, that is all that matters.
The Government is listening to the straits times commentators who are scared of their own shadows
That would be great, but renters love to pre-emptively justify why they are renting, and like to shame those who do not follow suit. Speaks volumes.
You are absolutely right, and that is why many continue to live with their parents until they can afford to buy.
Regarding 3, can VB or the Singapore Government start tackling misinformation campaigns from certain countries or not. This will definitely threaten unity and Singapore's sovereignty.
Gender roles exist for a reason Er so what is the reason that women overwhelmingly do the house work? Do breasts help people sweep the floor or wash clothes better?
Next thing you know, viral WhatsApp messages spread by folks of our parents' generation. DO NOT GO SWIMMING THESE FEW DAYS. Animals have been spotted in swimming pools, and not sure what viruses they bring into the pools. fearful face fearful face face vomiting face vomiting
I am falling in love with Comfort these days. It reminds me the time where I can just flag and get the cab for way less than what we pay now for Grab. Good old days relieved face
I am so sorry you had to experience that as a child. Thanks for this comprehensive write up!
hmm not disagreeing but what other alternatives would be on par with Singapore
US Citizens oh my god! Police brutality! Excessive and unwarranted! Singapore Uncle Shoot already ! Must shoot!
Chinese. Indian. Malay. Christian. Buddhist. Hindu. Muslim. We all worship at the altar of one God here in Singapore. The god of wealth and money. Make no mistake.
now we know why they're so against live-streaming parliamentary sittings. probably so used to saying these things without consequences/backlash that it just came out so naturally.
Isnt mcchicken in Singapore also $2? I haven't gone to macs for a long time
Why is it ranking or preferring people based on race is racist, but choosing people based on their career, sex, age or marital status not considered discriminatory and dosent generate any outrage?
N we have yet to add in the feb figures when the nos rose steeply
Maybe just maybe, the whole task force should be filled with doctors, virologist and senior nurses
This is a very good question we're yet to know
A bunch of afraid to die clowns are flying this country into a concrete cliff
Sorry that the system has failed you and others, silencing you all under the crushing weight of the bureaucracy.
Obviously money. If not, what do you expect people to do? Starve?
i can imagine explaining what is karaoke lounges to the next generation of kids like I am a relic
not as easy as you think to say no to both set of parents.
I did not know not wanting to have broken fingers and being waterboarded as a punishment was being entitled.
. It will take them 5 minutes to figure who this fella is.
it is that expensive to have children? I guess with my previous income of 2.6k, I should just give up any hopes of starting a family until I get a much higher salary.
Slippery slope, insulting tone. You have pretty much gone mask off. Good on you for finally showing your true thoughts.
I mean. if you watch it enough you can hear it. relieved face
Phase 1.5 here it is! it. I am so done with this.
Holy shit so I wasn't hallucinating or having stroke symptoms! Felt my table shaking!
do not say kissing, holding hands is already blasphemous. Not sure if anyone rmb the one elbow distance
Even the guy is trained, he probably only took a couple lessons. As bad as this looks, he could easily do 10 times the damage if he had the intention and know how.
This sounds par for course for the you.S. as well. Slightly different systems. Same outcomes.
He really got fight ? I can only imagine him being a burden to real soldiers on the battlefield since hik being untrained and all. Just saying. Not to put him down or anything
Maybe now they'll finish the CC next to the mall
Impressive that you managed to get a Playstation vita in this day and age.
Hang in there! I'll be fully vaxxed on 28th Oct so need to tolerate also
Yes, I remember I still got charged with the administrator fee last year, so I started paying cash onboard.
Just do not itchy backside and go try Surstr mming without knowing what you are getting into.
Never once a post in subreddit of singapore get so many response, anyway these kind of people, hard to change, prolly some kind of Asian thing here shaking my head
is He Ting Ru very popular? She's definitely v clever and would win my vote instantly, but I always thought compared to other WP candidates, she wasn't as visible to the population or even WP supporters. Was I wrong?
wHeN yOu rAtHeR rEnT to LqBtQ+ tHaN aN iNdIaN I am being sarcastic
I like how everyone here is so raged without actually knowing (1) back story, (2) aftermath, (3) what others have already done or is doing. Well that is reddit for ya.
brother they evacuated a Singaporean and a few others. Did you not read the news grinning face with sweat
I would assume where they're from maybe they can even manage to get meals for 10-20 rupees considering that they are from the villages. One bank note for 5-10 meals would definitely be massively expensive to them
And CB itself was a different name for DORSCON Red .
1 to 3 all committed by RI boys. Probably school mates too. Lousy school. .
Yeah always a fucking eyesore whenever the smart alec spouts nonsense.
Just put up mesh on windows like pet owners do
Strongly agree. Having a kid seems really rough and something that as I got older seems more and more unrealistic
Have you left? Mothership reports students leaving the compound. http http
does not make it any better than the rest. people are being oppressed.
Someone actually posted this - Go neighbourhood market. No aircon kind. We can survive without mall shopping. Can malls survive without us? Because your spending (or lack thereof) is really going to bankrupt the malls face with tears of joy
he is not 18 yet so he cannot be hanged. At most it will be detention at the President's pleasure, basically life imprisonment until the people up there decide that he can come out.
Now parents whack kids can call police. Last time parents whack me I call ambulance.
I am sorry you've experienced this and I promise to stand up for any of you should I encounter a situation like that
Trained fighter? I've never been in a fight but I know enough about fighting to know that.
Other places are opening up while we are banning dine-in. What a yoke, what a yoke.
Isn't everyone entitled to their own opinion? Anybody here asked themselves why Putin did what he did?
There are a lot of ethnic groups around the world whose identities are very closely tied to Islam. Where at least 90% of the ethnicity adhere to islam
I honestly cannot tell who are really anti-vaxxers and who are just trolls
Eh, that is western weddings. Chinese weddings have always been about face and massive parties.
Thanks but I'll plan for the East Coast plan, plan.
I see an extra space there. Why am I like this hhhh
it is a blessed life if you can save/invest enough to retire early or build a passive income stream. But then again the same holds true for most other countries.
And those who taught the culprit too? They may be ridden with guilt, wondering if they had done something to the guy that made him go berserk.
I am christian and I agree to stop walk-in service. And shift to online/remote services. Just have 5 crew setup and people can login and view. No hassles. Or just have the pastor&host hosting the services.
Why do you think their policies are shaped the way they are?
it is just hard to tell if all the bars add to 100%
Oh no, he is going to get invited for a chit-chat session with the police soon (
it is not a penalty, it is for the protection of the unvaccinated. If you have valid reasons not to get vaccinated you are still vulnerable and should not be spending time in a shopping mall when there are 3000+ cases a day.
100% agree on domestic worker bit Unfortunately, I do not see it as something that will be improved. Let's not get started on the foreign workers on construction sites too
Tell that to uncle sam/West. They have been bombing other countries before you were born
Was trying to find that full link thanks for it. Saw this right around start of CB where people were posting about how animals have returned given decreased human activity like it was in the past Then this happened ( http
Once you reach 20, noone gives a fuck about which school you went to
I think the people here are mocking the ones that can get vaccinated but chooses not to. Those are the ones that do not give a shit and only care about themselves .
Hello just to chime in with some support amidst all the downvotes and unempathetic comments. I am in the same predicament. Took Sinopharm and my second dose is next week, so I'll be considered fully vaxxed only on the 28th
Apparently (please fact-check), dependents of work permit holders are allowed to fly to Singapore, still.
Red tape but with so much grey area. Just how we love it .
Can I check if the 7 days in at their home of residence or dedicated facilities?
Whataboutism is when they say it is okay for Putin to do X because the US did Y. do not think that is the case here.
Some of them think homosexuality getting aids. MediaCorp helped to push that agenda too a couple of months ago with one of their shitty shows.
Thank you for being understanding and practical to the needs of others beyond your own. Please stay safe in where you are at. Bless you.
that is just from primary investigations. Once they dig deeper they might find a connection. This attack sounds too personal.
Now it just takes for Jamus to learn how to sing Even aunties need to change panties already. Fuck panties, do not wear better!
Yes. And you totally missed my point and focus on the supermarkets instead.
entually lower it is price to get them back and drivers will have business again. Win win scenario for all. Just vote with your wallet. grab is just grab. Grabbing money.
Yup, live by your means. If they cannot afford a private property, Conti car, branded goods, business class tickets plus lounge access while going on a vacation, that is when they feel stressed.
I am not saying they r pest. A similar example in overseas where rabbits r pest despite it being our pets. because their overpopulation with no real predators to keep the numbers in balance.
Post was well-written, do not see anything inappropriate, rude, or anything to reasonably be offended by. Nothing to apologise for!
The population need to be control before it start becoming a pest ?
This is the most polarizing thread I've seen in a while
that is why I intend to move to New Zealand when my ns finish. Partly because I like the environment and customs more than Singapore's, partly because the cost of living there is lower.
This is a better life than most people in the world to be honest. And this description can be applied to most people in developed countries as well.
I was guilty of this when I was young. I m sorry.
Sounds about right actually. Those who rents know those are the current market price now for rental for 2 bedder condo
I am looking forward to playing the game and seeing my chickenrice
No , Singapore. After much digging, I found the case file here http
At this point I am considering if I should have given my vote to the 'thumbs up man' guy. What a bunch of clowns. (Am a Tampines resident)
Err no to nuclear ? And also you not talking about Nuclear weapons right. I do not think UN allows new nuclear powers anyways.
AGAIN, he did not say it is what should happen. Just that it is what can/will happen. Because racists exist. Jeez you need to read.
Benefit of joining the USER club do not get married kekw
you are right. Hopefully the teachers do not blame themselves though. This really seems like 1 student just losing his mind. Hope that the outcome of this is tighter security measures for students in general.
To the conservative segments , the court is doing right .
Of all the places to see an indy reference. Good job dude.
We live in a crazy world right now. Malaysia and Singapore should really form stronger bonds to support each other
Yeah try methamphetamine instead, at least with that you are aware of what effect it has on your body
The sad part is that beyond the waters it is not known that it is a racist country. Poor people come here hope to find a new home in a land that has many nationalities, only to be disappointed and frightened.
Imagine waking up to a monke sitting in your sofa afrer climbing up the side of the building and going in to your house, i would probobly offer it food
Who is going to feed and pay them? Their employers?
social medias cannot be used to reflect one Government claims.part of why this world is a mess is becuz of social medias. even the US have this problems
I first thought that it was a satire/parody news article, but it was unfortunately not. No offense. Rest in peace and condolences for the family.
A move on order is not an offer to go to another location. It means stop protesting.
This is the story most places for the lower classes. You must educate yourself, rise up out of the class you are in and then you can have some life.
Story of Grab - You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
I am not exactly comfortable with the idea of the nation's 'role model' being a guy who overworked himself into having a stroke. Our work culture is already bad enough.
Media (esp American) probably has a large part to play in that
Going against the Government narrative? This page is going to get Pofma and OP will be ask to Lim kopi soon I am being sarcastic
China is taking the opportunity when the US is distracted to invade SE Asia.
you cannot say that, it is transphobic! everyone obviously missed the I am being sarcastic here
it is like Malaysians assaulting Singaporeans because we sell them water at a very high price. Regardless of the fairness of the deal, ordinary Singaporeans had nothing to do with it.
I bet it is trying to take over the neighbouring shophouses.
The breathings shall continue until DD writes with her right hand! Her right hand!
Shows the true colors of the party. did anyone expect any different
It might, but probably not in favour of the protestors. Singaporeans do not like protests.
Hougang Central is full of them in the evenings. Damn fucking irritating.
Their elite crew or something, the Spetnaz, have been caught dressed in Ukrainian Uniforms and attempting to sabotage already, so definitely some has tried
Scammers and pushy salespeople LIVE for weak-willed people pleasers like you.
But why isn't anyone raising pitchforks to fight against sexism in Singapore?
I am waiting for sexbots to reach the level of tech maturity which smartphones were at 5 years ago.
Yes like saying we know these imports come in with the variants yet we did not know how to avoid the virus face with rolling eyes
Damn. I cannot recall anything like this happening in Singapore's school. like ever. I've heard of suicide by both students and teachers. But to possible homicide is definitely the first.
They are rather much older than Zelensky, to be fair.
One of the OG GPs in Hougang Central decided to sell off the clinic and move to Oz for 4 years, after that then see how . It has been over 11 years since he left for Oz.
Proud that she went so far, and play through her injuries. Kudo and respect thumbs up
Very nice, very cute. If this was real life, the otters would probably be ganging up on the poor merlion, like they do with the water monitors.
I think the way her party handled the situation especially how pritam singh faced and answered the tough questions definitely earned them more votes.
In university someone asked me which school I was from, I told him school 4
Sounds like someone developed a lifelong complex over the whole RI/AC rivalry. loudly crying face Dude, get over it!
I mostly agree, except. lots of younger people in India getting sick and dying, hitting all over. And so 20% vaxxed plus 1% infected already, equals 79% of people in Singapore still 100% vulnerable.
'Scuse me while I save this post. I feel quoting all this can be useful somewhere in the future.
But what we stand to gain lolz with vivian words lolz unnecessary tensions for what lolz . Condemn and aids we did it why he need go all this shit ?
Wasn't the origin story for USER based on a similar premise?
That was my first thought. Such an awesome scaling down so smoothhhh
Remember a time when Lee Kuan Yew tried to promote breeding of smarter kids and also sterilized poor ones at the same time? Lee Kuan Yew had it wrong. Those Happyland parents should've been the ones aborted instead.
Add it to the list of nonsensical rules. it is like they have a dedicated team dreaming up the most ridiculous restrictions
Hopefully more of your congregation also want the same thing. Senseless to have in person services now. Do you even need a service or could you just read the bible and do some praying on your own?
Many people forgot about this This dude created SEO work to remove the negative news on himself. Dude still in Singapore and living a high life
Is the prayer and national anthem singing mandatory here? We used to have mandatory religious assembly in every school, but it was usually mid morning and no one ever sang any national anthem as far as I recall.
I do not disagree. But definitely to the issue about health care collapsing. definitely caused by opening up too soon before it is ramped up.
Because the shit i took today is the same as whats coming out of your mouth
Why are churches still allowed to open? You can pray in your own bedroom if you need to. it is unnecessary to have 50 people in a church if we cannot have 2 people in a fucking pub.
I know how toxic health care sector in Singapore is like. My cousin keena badly from them. But how does treatment of healthcare worker affect the number of covid cases?
Why do schools start so early here? I am pretty sure mine started at 8 30/9 or so (a long time ago in the UK). Kids need more sleep than adults, so it seems crazy you'd force them into school so early.
1.7k++ sgd just for 1 ROOM in silicon valley? Wth that is even more crazy, and i thought Singapore housing was terrible
Literally even if my zoom mic is muted I'll still be careful not to say anything. people are so careless
Yeah, there's nothing wrong here. No point in showing up to 100% when there's nothing to see above 25% in the 1st place.
Because aging population and the hive needs workers to take care of it.
the article on Yahoo got deleted. big brother lai liao
Amazing shot. Could you share the full resolution pic for my wallpaper?
it is not there for you . it is there in case some gay opposition fella gets voted in.
what does that mean i see it everywhere but no idea what it means
Really comments-you-can-hear shit right here laughing my fucking ass off And of course, care for soldiers at the very bottom. (Lowest priority). Never gets old
Shit sorry!!! I just thought it was so good I copy and pasted it to the relevant comment without a second thought. Will edit in the credit now!
I am ethnically Indian and I've wanted them banned since January. it is the annoying 14 year old woke teenagers who learn their moral policing from tiktok that label it as xenophobia.
Singapore is fucking overcrowded. And it is fucking small, and fucking hot and humid.
Wtfuck how come he wanted to please his wife until such a bring-down-the-moon extreme extent. That wife must be insane
Can confirm, we are still trying to get rid of the curry smell from my grandfather wedding, for the record he was married in the 1960s. So i can totally understand your point.
Unvaxxed not allowed to make eye contact with people to reduce social interaction.
Like what the other commenter said, that is the Pomodoro technique http I use http , there are some instructions on that page for how to use the timer. Hope it helps!
Your observation is. good but not relevant at all. OP did not say they want to migrate? Who said anything about migrating? The discussion is about why have a kid in this country.
A bulk of my reasons are more selfish but I agree with this too.
Imagining that they have experienced their hard earned money getting damaged from the rain just breaks my heart
I am looking at Merlion's paws and I am just wondering where does the fur end and scales start.
My parents say it to each other more than anyone else these days
and those are the doctors that will be treating people in the hospital in the future.
Is there a difference to the individual defendant if AG publicly announced the change 1 day before the AG sue them?
Pull out bright future card Yes, this guy got a bright future in the SAF, need more fighters in there. I am being sarcastic
Sure get those pigeons bathing inside the pool too then right after their feast at the food courts
burning their fingers Not the manager' fingers for sure lar. Since when Government will lose anything?!
Maybe what comes after is gme to the moon baby
Why is everyone saying this is cute? Does anyone find this disgusting? I doubt any residents would like to swim there afterwards.
maybe 15 years ago when Lee Hsien Loong was younger, now hes too old to help, hed probably be a liability
I am not even anti-vax . Just saying the effectiveness of vaccines may be over-exaggerated by the Government narrative as they are pushing for a 100% vax population
How many more times of this we going to go through?
http it is around the 21m mark. CNA does not have the actual interview at least I couldn't find it
The best part about that one was he accused the Government of targeting him because he apparently criticize People's Action Party or something along that line.
I do not know but in Singapore, my Singaporean Malay colleagues also wouldn't receive (to bring to the office fridge) packed up corporate gifts from associates which contain pork.
The F is wrong with these people. what the fuck they expect a small restaurant owner in Singapore to do about an invasion?
With exception of national service, this is basically the average life of most urban dwellers in the region .
When I grow up, I want to be like him
Agree with you.fixed fares are almost always lower than by-meter ones at non-peak periods and very affordable after 12mn. Not to mention, sometimes the by-meter fare is lower than what is stated on the app.
People's Action Party could regret not fielding stronger candidates in sengkang. They had no idea WP had an ace in Jamus.
At least they won't get the childhood trauma of parents letting them queue up by themselves while they grab something else 'quickly'
How it feels to have only 2 people in the team hard carrying the entire project.
Whoever came up with the idea of public debate at Mediacorp might be thinking. what have I done? . Unless the person is a WP supporter
I think in Singapore suicide by police must be quite difficult. Unless you equip your whole body with saw blades so you need multiple shots to be disarmed
Seems like only 2 people doing the work and the rest have their phones out .
I've got their logic figured out. Preventive measures will only come AFTER something has happened. These scholars are geniuses, we common citizens could never comprehend such brilliance.
Emergency departments usually have no issue getting locums if the price is high enough
Outrageous, if we do such things then we will no longer be an attractive global bustling business hub!!!
Wow shit, I never bothered about this story in our boring history classes but now that I read your link. it is a damn tragedy man.
I will probably get downvoted and banned from subreddit of Singapore but like parents like children. They will grow up to be like their parents and it is just a vicious cycle. No wonder Singapore is known as a afraid to lose land.
Wow surprised that they still had a basic human decency to apologize grinning face with sweat
I cannot imagine how the parents of the victim must have felt knowing that their child was murdered in school.
Also if I am not wrong, if surrounded by civilians, warning shot is not advisable because of increased collateral risk. I cannot rmb my ST lessons that well tho
I love how subreddit of Singapore shits on America about its policies and what not but when it comes to this everyone keeps their mouth shut
I can already imagine the problem of verifying patrons at coffee shops .
If they want to keep this law they going to have to arrest Lee Kuan Yew's grandson
brother i did not say you said anything read again. I said the Government
regardless of the reasons, you are still more vulnerable than those vaccinated, unfortunately. the virus is not going to look at your vaccination exemption papers and choose not to infect you.
how will they prove themselves if People's Action Party has had supermajority for 50 years and resorts to pork barrel politics to secure their vote?
For all the free world cares, they and their ambassador can fuck right off back to Moscow.
its not cowardly to want to avoid permanent debilitating injury. even BJ Penn got KOed in a bar fight.
PepeLaugh OH NO NO NO USING GUTTER POLITICS AND STILL LOSING PepeLaugh GachiGASM WeirdChamp
I go to sleep at around 10pm and peoples make fun of me because I do not want to be pointlessly stay up late and then be tired all day.
Real story or not, let's all remember to be human to each other in this time of need.
In before someone say Singapore not ready for female PM
I am willing to support a redditor! Give yourself a shoutout!
REMEMBER THIS MASTERSTROKE ON NOMINATION DAY. 10 DAYS AGO NO ONE KNEW JAMUS HE WENT FROM 1K TO 50K ON INSTAGRAM.
Prone in jungle during 5 day outfield, you won't believe me Rest.
Public-Research my man, what does the Government have against healthy homosexual families?
