For a moment I thought it was one of the super old mrt train, where their white slowly changed to yellow
You just saw solid proof why nobody wanted to help, look at what everyone did, they just ran away. Whomever was the person who took the video and put it up on the internet was one of the 'brave' ones. The other called the cops/SMRT staff.
That's our own fault for not signing on, could have been a school principal or smrt director by now!
I saw 2 nurse on the MRT yesterday. I don't know about others on the train but I actually felt safer standing next to them. Maybe because they were wearing face mask. And I'm pretty sure they washed their hands with soap before leaving the hospital.
For anyone curious to visit, address is at 272 River Valley Road, Singapore 238315 Nearest MRT stations are at Dhoby Gaunt CC1/NE6/NS24 and Fort Canning DT20 . May pay a visit someday.
Buddy this is in a moving mrt not a sanctioned fight or rolling at the gym
Cut down gatherings, but bus and MRT and malls and other crowded places are OK.
There are some problems with even allowing citizens to return Is the recommended 14 or even 21 day quarantine effective? It's been a long time since anyone has checked, it's just been 14 since the early days before mutations. That's also completely ignoring the dangers of the flight, the airport, and the travel home, all of which are done in the vicinity of other people. What's the point of quarantine when Day 0 on the bus or MRT or taxi home, they already mix with other people? Is the requirement for a negative report effective? If everyone requires a negative report to enter, why do we still have import cases? Makes zero sense. Quarantine is meant to be only for suspected exposure, negative at first then quarantine to check. If on arrival they are positive, that's a failure at all levels. The sooner we get rid of the pandemic, the sooner our economy gets back to normal. The reason we're not getting back to normal is because people and governments are rushing and taking shortcuts and compromises. It's a failure to see the big picture of 5-10 years down the road. How can we control the pandemic if we have so many uncontrollable factors? We cannot control what happens overseas, that weak link has to be completely eliminated, zero, only then we can have full control of our own situation.
First off reading people T-shirt text is not weird lol. You wear that for people to read isn't it lol Just use the HAND and say no thank you and walk away. Then saying running out of time when they pursue further. The only time I got it backfire was my friend late and I waited there at mrt so I act blur and keep playing mobile games.
No, this is probably on the bus. What makes you think it's at the MRT?
its like the government doesn't give a solitary shit and just throws a dart at a dartboard about what to close. no social distancing on MRT, buses, and advise that most of population should be back to work LOL. they keep the borders open, now the indian variant is here. actually, lets punish the sinkies because they didn't download our government app!
I was in MRT going Jurong East and i don't feel a thing as well. Maybe because i was in a train and thought the shake is the same.
Ya boy! SMRT should have been clearer on that! I always thought it would immediately e-brake.
Public trust and confidence related 1. NKF CEO 2005 - money used for personal use - supposedly charismatic leaders 2. Renci Monk 2007 - money used for personal use - supposedly charismatic leaders 3. City Harvest 2010 - money used for personal use - 1. supposedly charismatic leaders 4. 38 Oxley 2017 - inheritance, last wishes of deceased 5. Nassim Jade 1996 - discounts to select group 6. AWARE 2009 - takeover by christian group by stealth 7. SGH Renal Ward 2015 - 8 deaths of transplant patients, 12 staff disciplined 8. Gag order on serial molester - victims forced the hands of the court with AG's help 9. 26 Faulty Chinese trains 2016 - revealed by HK activists using drone in Spore 10. Systemic SMRT operational failures - removal of 2 CEOs in succession 11. SMRT bus strike 2012 - first strike after 26 years 12. Little India Riots 2013 - Inability of Police to handle, CNB investigates Police failure
I don't understand why companies still think hiring part-timers on commission basis to hard sell a product outside MRT stations is a good way to boost sales and public perception of the brand. Storytel actually has a decent hard product if a little pricey , but it's these fucking salespeople that give people a bad impression of the brand.
This works if you have enough people who are strong+brave+confident enough in the right place at the right time. The MRT looks pretty empty in the video - there simply might not have been enough physically strong folks around to go subdue the trained fighter. I wouldn't want to drag in some young scrawny guy, or an older uncle, to try and help, but end up getting them seriously injured in the process.
Yeah alot of those girls at Paya Lebar MRT coming up to me and HI DO YOU READ BOOKS?
Then what? Take the MRT home? You really think deserting the Russian army by yourself is that easy?
10. Systemic SMRT operational failures - removal of 2 CEOs in succession Not to mention triggering the partial nationalisation of public transport
When you are a sign board in a MRT but your dream job is a microwave.
Always like how they will start their pitch with Just give me 1 minute of your time, I'm not trying to sell you anything . Encounter these folks recently too at Buona Vista MRT when I was rushing for a meeting and got to say they are super sticky and annoying. Best part was when her pitch exceeded 1 minute she had the cheek to say Give me another 2 minutes. and proceeded to try to get my CC details out. Morale of the story is cannot be too nice and don't need to feel bad at all for saying no. Anyways if you enjoy reading and looking for something like the above company for FREE! You can head to for all your reading needs My go to for all my books! PS. I'm really not here to sell you anything. LOL.
Doesnt SMRT have more fantasy than to stick a Bob Ross painting on the window?
I came across one outside of paya lebar mrt, told me them no and walked away lol,so yup.
Thats what happen when you reply in the mrt. Thanks for pointing it out. Most vital would be head and neck yes. Non vital would be stomach area etc.
Me, an essential worker during CB that enjoyed the practically empty MRT/buses where no one was allowed to sit next to you. Was truly the introvert's dream
And if you waited even longer, TRAIN will show up next And then And then And then And then And then it when back to MRT again and TRAIN again.
And next thing you know, you are inside the MRT Train, with the MRT Train announcement inside starts playing Lion King The Circle Of Life Song and all 4 Lion King 1, 1 1/2, 2 and 3 Movies songs all the way back to Singapore EW 33 Tuas Link MRT Station to EW 1 Pasir Ris MRT Station.
And next thing you know, you are inside the MRT Train, with the MRT Train announcement inside starts playing Lion King The Circle Of Life Song and all the Lion King 1, 2 and 3 Movies songs all the way back to Singapore EW 33 Tuas Link MRT Station to EW 1 Pasir Ris MRT Station. Here are 4 video links of the Lion King The Circle Of Life Song, link 1 is the song lyrics and link 2 is also the song lyrics and link 3 is the cartoon version and link 4 is the comparison of both 1994 and 2019 version of The Circle Of Life Song
Ding Dong, May I Have Your Attention Please? All The Trains At Platform A Ends At Anjang ? Station, All The Trains At Platfom A Ends At Anjang ? Station. Not Bukit Panjang MRT Station And LRT Station. But All The Trains At Platform B Ends At Bukit Panjang MRT Station And LRT Station, All The Trains At Platform B Ends At Bukit Panjang MRT Station And LRT Station.
This MRT Train is on the East West Line, not on the North South Line, Ding Dong, This Train Service Terminates At Pasir Ris MRT Station, Next Stop, EW 32 Tuas West Road.
This MRT Train is on the East West Line, not on the North South Line, Ding Dong, This Train Service Terminates At Pasir Ris MRT Station, Next Stop, EW 32 Tuas West Road.
This is on the MRT Train is on the East West Line, not on the North South Line or the Sentosa Train Line, Ding Dong, This Train Service Terminates At Pasir Ris MRT Station, Next Stop, EW 32 Tuas West Road.
This is on the MRT Train is on the East West Line, not on the North South Line, Ding Dong, This Train Service Terminates At Pasir Ris MRT Station, Next Stop, EW 32 Tuas West Road.
Yes, It is on the Downtown Line to both Bukit Panjang MRT Station and LRT Station and Expo MRT Station.
If someone faint in the mrt it's also a legitimate reason to press the emergency button.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested for public nuisance and is being investigated for allegedly assaulting another commuter on board an MRT train. I do not know, doesn't look like public nuisance in my book.
It is immensely frustrating seeing many other countries slowly getting back to some semblance of normalcy, but here we are in the so-called best place in the world to be during COVID now subject to a second lockdown, still under virtually the same restrictions as last April. Especially given that the vast majority of Singaporeans have unquestioningly accepted and adhered to whatever restrictions and measures that were imposed on us for more than a year. Who is responsible for being in bed with corporations and refusing to implement a permanent work from home arrangement, but instead force the working class back to the office, resulting in dozens of strangers being jam-packed into every single mrt carriage on the way to school and work during peak hours every day? Who is responsible for making this country's economy a sham entirely reliant on unsustainable population growth, exploitation of cheap foreign labour, and being a prostitute to foreign capital, such that we have no choice but to continue an open-door import policy in the midst of a pandemic? I'm so sick and tired of ordinary Singaporeans having to bear responsibility and having to pay the price for the mistakes of our so-called elite leadership.
you don't understand what I mean by holding ground. if you send a unit through a country, and they move forward at great speed with great success, who holds the ground in it's wake? ideally, another unit that follows right after it, which can annihilate the surviving forces, over and over, like an MRT train following another. that was the theory behind blitzkrieg. Russia tried the same but failed miserably. it does not have that capability, in terms of organisation, resources, or competence. their supply lines are being harassed and broken. they are not successfully wiping out survivors, allowing them to retreat and harass/fight again. Russia can use all the artillery they want. but great civilian casualties will mean that their real plan - installation of a puppet regime - will almost certainly fail due to massive and ingrained outrage. in a sense they themselves seem to finally understand that a swift and painless for both Russia and Ukraine decapitation strike has completely failed. so the strategy is shifting.
Yeah their key priority is optimization. There is a cost benefit analysis done on every patient and it's not exactly a secret that because class or very elderly patients don't have access to the latest treatments due to this cost benefit thing. While healthcare isn't exactly like smrt where they're out to make an actual profit, the underlying mentality is similar where they will try and cut cost on labour and treatment wherever they can.
I felt it in the west. It was really subtle, I thought it was the MRT construction nearby
I realised that as I grew older I started to get fewer and fewer of these people approaching me. Blessing in disguise/ageing lol If anyone is a student or studying you are fully in your right to reject any forced sale attempts on you. They are taking advantage of your lack of experience handling money. If you find it difficult to reject them just say the money is not yours to spend, unless they want to speak to your parents there and then. I remember in my youth these people would dogpile on me to spend on their vouchers or 'charity'. If they see you buy from someone, others will also approach u for a 'donation'. Being kind doesn't work on them and I really tried. Quite bizarre now that I think about it. Those people were in the same uniform doing this right in front of mrt gantries where people tend to wait around.
Totally agree with you here. But we need to wait for all the social justice warriors to come here and denounce for an apparent lack of empathy to seniors. Pfft, I bet these SJWs don't even take the MRT or bus that often.
If it's not recorded and on mrt, it will be brush off as civil case.
Stepping up to help may get one involved in police investigation too. Best way is to call police. Although the victim would surely appreciate people stepping in to end this violent assault. I guess ideally a min of 3-4 abled men plus MRT staff to come in between them to save the poor chap life before any deadly blow is dealt.
Or just tell them you already bought it from the guy at the other MRT station
Which mrt station? I think the law protects you if u cancel within 7 days. someone correct me if I'm wrong
Hahaha have you seen before how many CCTV there are on the MRT as well as the station itself?
Didn't mention IKEA because that guy said he was serving NS and IKEA isn't exactly wallet-friendly for NSmen living on $300 a month. But yes you couldn't be more right about the lack of an MRT there. You could walk to Queenstown but it's Singapore. You would sweat by the time you got there
Next time just use this neat trick Oh, I already talked to one of your guys at random location pulled from your ass How do I know this trick? Well.because I kena from Storytel just like you at Kent Ridge MRT But on the bright side, I just realised that you can apply this trick to ANY salesperson or brand
Did someone say Anthony Anton S for Stench of the Poor on the MRTs S Casey? Global douchebag?
Tell me about it. Just now I took mrt and it was packed w students. people squeezing side by side. No social distancing whatsoever
I am alot older. I was from an elite sch too. In my generation, we were mostly poor. I worked in factories, hawker centers and retail every school holiday before uni when I was growing up. I want to say to OP that this builds emotional resilience, which is the most impt quality to have later on in life. Life is tough in so many ways. My children were from elite schools but I encouraged them to work too before uni. They did F&B and gave flyers at MRT. My daughter worked in the expo last yr and experienced being cheated by her boss. I find these experiences invaluable. I am hoping this thread gets noticed. I hope there will be a movement to get students in Singapore to work, say, after Sec 4, in service jobs. Perhaps for a month in that year, perhaps as part of the sch term. They shd be mixed with students from different schools and streams. It wld be best if they were similarly attired so there is no dressing up or down. I am encouraged by the response of young people here. Your generation can try to make a difference. Say thank you at the hawker centre, greet the security guard, treat others well.
Bus and mrt. Cluster f until dont know like what. These rules make no sense.
I'll give you a valid argument. My wife is a GP. She has said this I Can understand fear. But I cannot condone stupidity or inconsiderate behavior. No one is asking you to go hug and kiss all the healthcare professionals hcp . My own wife is pregnant and has kicked me out of the house for this time period. No one is asking you to go deliver food to hospitals or something. However, to DENY basic services to HCPs in self interest is stupidity. Many of them are already taking measures not to infect others- but are still getting shunned. I am friends with many doctors and we have all cancelled our meetups for the forseeable future- they aren't going out. I will give you some examples of asshole singaporean behavior. Some people say HCP shouldn't take public transport. Then, I ask you, how they go to work? Not saying you purposely go and stand next to them in the mrt la. But there have been incidents of people scolding them on the mrt. You think thats ok? How about the incident above? Maybe you're the chicken rice seller and scared. You could do what OP did- put the rice at a certain place, dont need to go near him. If you think his money is infected, then why not give this guy a free meal? Just one free meal is too much to ask as a token? I have other incidents. There are patients who are suspect cases who have left my wifes clinic because they couldn't be patient enough to wait for the ambulance. Some of these people go to the market to eat, go home to their kids and families, WHEN THEY HAVE BEEN CONFIRMED as a suspect case. There was even a lady who refused to go to NCID for testing out of fear. All these people make HCPs lives more difficult. You think they aren't having a hard enough time as it is? There is a saying treat others how you would like to be treated. One day, if you or your loved one gets the virus, would you not want the HCP to treat with the minimum of prejudice? Let me tell you, HCPs are also scared. Moreso my wife because she is pregnant. They can choose not to work!- some take MC- some, take no pay leave- but they still choose to treat you. Similarly- you can be scared- but be considerate and dont be an asshole.
because COVID no ezlink card cannot spread via mrt, but COVID have work permit as it's originally from china, so it can enter all the dorms.
River Valley. Very short walk from Fort Canning MRT. Near UE Square if you know where that is. Source I live nearby
Nobody mention the IKEA across the Anchorpoint Mall? The food court is quite unexceptional although if you walk 5 minutes, you can get to ABC Market and get lots of quality food. Stayed there for a year and its really good place, but I just wished the place got MRT station.
Good thing this was on video, with the MRT background audio mentioning Rochor and CCTVs all around, finding and arresting this attacker would be relatively easier than most cases.
Yeah. Ironically, filming was the best course of action to ensure this guy lands in jail. If he pressed the button to alert staff with no video, how are we gonna post on social media to get the police to protect us? Sure SMRT would have the cctv but it won't be shown on social media to give pressure to popo
I have to say some of them are quite creative to get my attention. But sadly they are not good enough to make me stop and talk to them Any tip for you. if they talk to you, just ask them a question instead. e.g where is the nearest MRT? then once they answered you, you can say thank you bye bye!
There is a call button and a stop button if I remember correctly just use the call button so mrt staff can stand by at the next stop + call in spf
There was one time I got trapped listening to a random Christian girl at Woodlands Mrt for nearly an hour. I will never be that kind again.
Doesn't look like any loosening of COVID measures. There hasn't been social distancing while wearing masks for more than a year now, go on MRT during rush hour or try ION on a weekend.
NICE! same kind of view can be observed when the Train is passing along Lower Seletar Reservoir while leaving/approaching Khatib Mrt at sunset.
Anton Casey taking the MRT and labelling it as the 'stench of the poor' - he's now back in Singapore trying to rebrand himself as Anthony Casey. Most people probably forgot about this dude already. dude's never ridden the BART in Bay Area or the A train NYC subway. that's a literal stench because a homeless and drunk person had passed out on the seat next to you and peed on themselves
Next time you see a Storytel staff, ask them if they have heard of a fucking library. It's free. Storytel people stuck outside the library at Stadium MRT station pretending to be affiliated with the Library
I never understand the point of such snide remarks. What you suggesting? Close mrt and buses or only allow vaccinated people to take mrt and buses?
shop in the skies with krisshop on airlines. time to shop on the road with smrt's smartshop
Well, there are public toilets at bus interchanges and MRT stations. That is. until they trace ICU cases to their use of toilets at such locations.
This is a very life changing program ever since I joined them I have evolved into the most enlightened person ever. I have seen God in heaven up close personally, he held me in his hands and told me that he would always be there for me. From the looks in his eyes I knew that everything was going to be alright. In the past year I've lost all four limbs, my eyes, half my liver and about 3 million dollars in fortune. Luckily all it took was three easy payments of $30,999 to see God! I'll rate 11/10 what a steal, seriously. I will definitely recommend this to all my friends. Gtg now guys, I am being chased out of macdonalds for stealing their free WiFi services because I'm too broke to get food. I'll see ya in a bit if I manage to get to the nearest MRT station in about an hour.
You NEED to learn how to say no and stand up for yourself. Fuck being polite. If someone is making you uncomfortable, you're not obligated to be polite to them. I've literally had to use the exact words, fuck off on sales people at MRT stations before. If you don't stand up for yourself, no one will.
Public transportation continues to be safe. Might as well set up malls and F&B in bus and mrt
How to avoid salesperson in mrt/pushcart. 1. Detour slightly from their spots 2. avoid any slight of eye contact 3. wear a earpiece and pretend they do not even exists
we are at psycho pass levels of society now. welp, someone literally getting murdered on mrt and people bloody WALK AWAY
Literally just across the street from Lakeside MRT, gotta milk it for what it's worth lol. Being 1 stop away from JE is probably worth quite a bit as well
nothing wrong with preaching, just like how its not wrong for those insurance agents or what to approach you at the mrt but when you tell them you're not interested, they should immediately respect you and fuck off, not persist or even rebuke you
Anton Casey taking the MRT and labelling it as the 'stench of the poor' - he's now back in Singapore trying to rebrand himself as Anthony Casey. Most people probably forgot about this dude already. Teenagers like me also probably don't know much about the Michael Faye incident cause it happened quite a long time ago. There's also the time where the CIA tried to bribe Lee Kuan Yew when we were still an emerging young country.
Hand up, palm out, shake head, no, and keep on walking. There is absolutely nothing being hawked outside an MRT that is worth either your time or your money.
