They didn't get into trouble for proselytising, they got into trouble because those flyers criticised islam.
I don't think most aren't angry at their arrest but at the situation leading to it. The school administrator mishandling the whole issue and instead of taking this chance to show acceptance, Ministry of Education taking the easy way out by Strongly Suggesting HOME based learning. Hidden meaning Stay at home don't come out and give me problem!
There are tons of horrible schools tho. Ministry of Education staff can be some of the most fucked up and abusive people because civil service I work as a 3rd party vendor to Ministry of Education schools. From my experience 50% are just trying their best, 25% go the extra mile, 15% do not care, 10% pure evil
Isn't our PM the one that wields the decision making authority? Lets be real, Ong Ye Kung and co. are just his mouthpieces.
to be honest I was very annoyed at how viv got 4.5 mins to speak for each question but each of them only had 1.5 mins. but Jamus seems like he took it in a very positive light, so props to him!
The meaning of life is to be found through responsibility, through making the conscious decision to pick up a load and carry it. Responsibility makes it all worthwhile.
Time will tell is the only line that has not aged like milk over the past 2 years
Doing right is what you think is right, isn't it? Sorry to disappoint you, luckily it's not the case
If I am in a place with a possible pathogen, would I risk the health of my loved ones and return home? ok sure. There are really a few thousands scenarios that I can cite to explain why people 1. Travel to India 2. Want to leave India to return home etc
This is applicable to any big religion with differing amounts of how far you can go in each direction. Whether christianity, islam, hinduism, etc etc. Nothing to do with a specific race or religion.
THE recently replaced commander of the Tanglin Police Division, Superintendent Paul Lim Choon Wui, is being investigated by the police after a waitress at the Shangri-La Hotel alleged that he had molested her. The alleged incident happened early last month at Shang Palace, a Chinese restaurant in the five-star hotel off Orchard Road. The 38-year-old bachelor was with a group of about 10 friends in a private room at the restaurant at that time. no mention of who the 10 friends are but people who know , know
Divorce rates going up isn't really a negative thing so long as it's an indicator of people having the freedom to leave unsuitable marriages.
Singaporean here, I would describe my country as A golden birds cage with a obsessive owner .
Yes, I remember I still got charged with the administrator fee last year, so I started paying cash onboard.
There's going to be a chain of trolls just replying to each other somewhere. But the real idiots are so stupid I won't be able to tell anyways. brother, you have god tier shitpost skills, should make one to troll then everyone send
When did they ever proclaim to stand up for everyone and be inclusive? Gee, some dude did say, We have LGBTQ people in Singapore. They live their lives, they are valued members of society. we welcome them, and we greatly appreciate their contributions. And there's no reason why, if you are a member of this community, you should not fit in in Singapore. But who are we to actually pay attention to what this random dude says right, after all, he's only the prime minister As for the gay couples - why would the Government care about those and stand up for those? Because - surprise surprise - gay couples are Singaporeans too. I was under the impression that the Singapore Government should care about and stand up for ALL Singaporeans, but maybe that's too radical an idea.
Amazing, in that regard, the police will arrest me tomorrow for conspiracy to commit a shooting on the basis that I'm a KSP 45 user on Black Ops Cold War. Or they'll arrest me for conspiracy to commit arms and drug trafficking and operating a counterfeiting ring because I run a nightclub which deals in illicit cargo, firearms, narcotics and counterfeit money. The list goes on and on. If we did apply this logic to real life, I'd have a Rap Sheet that's a fucking mile long. Reckless driving, murder, homicide drug or arms trafficking, counterfeiting, grand theft auto, grand larceny, arson, speeding, hit and run, vandalism, illegal parking, illegal vehicle modifications, DUI, bribery and all this would just be from Grand Theft Auto. And moving back to Call of Duty, I should get one count of murder for every player I've killed and one count of being an accessory in a murder when I get an assist if we abide that. Video games causing violence is a ridiculous argument. I've been playing Grand Theft Auto since 2013, and Call of Duty since 2014 and I have not resorted to any acts of violence through my preteen and teenage years.
So you say we need to give them resources and somehow that does not involve a major defeat of the People's Action Party in multiple elections?
not going to lie, sometimes I do wonder what happened to him. Probably got a lot of pussy the next day,.
It's illegal to try to convert folks in singapore too. You can be Christian or Buddhist or whatever, it's not allowed.
That was Ukrainian propaganda. The people surrendered and are alive. Don't fall to any propaganda from any sides.
False. US, Russia and China, along with Singapore is NOT a party of Ottawa Treaty Surprsingly, France and UK are the parties along with Indonesia, Malaysia and majority of the countries worldwide. Meanwhile, while 97 countries who recognise Kosovo indepence including Singapore by end of 2016 there are 110 countries signed an international treaty to ban Cluster Bomb including Taliban Afghanistan who yet to reverse their signatory signed during US occupation in 2012 it does NOT include US, China, France, India, Malaysia, Indonesia pending ratification and Singapore among others. So no, countries claim rule of International order does not mean they follow International laws Heck, even there is a reason why US did NOT ratify unclos where unclos is one of the basis that gives the ASEAN states Mainly Phillppines and Vietnam some claims in South China Sea against China's claims. by the way, unclos is also quite major international treaty as only Israel, Peru, Syria, Turkey, Venezuela are significant total non-party to unclos and not a landlocked country.
When publicly you have ministers saying everything is fine when on the ground everyone knows it's not, you can't blame people for thinking that the Government is out of touch. At least come out honestly and say that it's a problem, at least it's better than hiding behind a veneer of normalcy while healthcare organisations bleed good people. Increasing pay is a good start, starting claps or tributes or casual praises in Parliament are not.
It's the % of dead by age and vax status. So if each bar added together doesn't equal 100% which dead aren't counted?
And without audience please, we don't want our debates like those of the US, whereby audience tends to be more of a negative than positive majority of the time it seems. eg. interrupting candidates with boos or cheering more disruptive if they don't know how to interrupt or cheer at the right time
Well if we can accept further delays to our build-to-order, we can accept foreign workers to the community.
What if sexuality can only be influenced in the earlier years of adolescence? I think it's possible that sexual preference is affected by nurture in addition to nature .
So why cant the solution be to tell people it IS mild? Telling them not to panic? Seems like a very direct thing to me? I personally think it's already currently being done, that's what I mean by 'it does nothing'. You've rightly pointed out that their messaging have already shifted awhile back, but it takes time, and people are likely still going to act a bit irrationally when it comes down to it. Hence we can't really say -more- of what we are already saying, is what I really meant. Also, being a reopening advocator is something that comes with many shades and is not just a dichotomy of OPEN EVERYTHING UP or a lockdowner. Many want the stupid restrictions to go, restrictions which have nothing to do with increasing hospital caseload. I've addressed this point separately on another comment I don't think ALL the people here advocating for more measures loosening is asking for EVERYTHING to be dropped. But I'm addressing specifically the people that are . Dropping some of the more egregiously pointless measures can definitely happen, but there's definitely different views on whether some measures are or aren't pointless. And we're still releasing measures even at this point of the infection numbers, so it's more likely that more measures will be loosened when we get pass the peak. I know the recent loosening is contentious but not the point here Regardless, we still have to face the current issues the healthcare workers are facing. Your suggestions make sense and it's good points to be made in discussions like these. What isn't helpful are those people whining about 5 man dining or VTLs or masking and demanding everything gets dropped right now cause omicron Is MiLd while deliberately ignoring the memo on hospitals getting swamped. edit to address your point on the experts, Singapore should be able to ease restrictions further once the current omicron surge peaks , said several experts. This is likely to be in about a month's time . Posted FEB 17 I don't disagree with them. Point is that we're still in the surge.
INTERFET Thanks. I'm not aware of Singapore's participation. Though I have to say that my hypothetical question is not similar to this as Indonesia had given permission for the Operation.
Somewhat, Israeli, UK and USA studies have shown that vaccinated people help slow the spread of the virus. Also you can look at their numbers and see the proof, you will still have vaccinated people getting the virus but ether not getting sick or having mild symptoms. The goal in covid19 vaccination is less death and intensive care unit patients
As a patient who spent almost 3 months in hospital recently, I can attest to this. Seen it myself, juniors who came back to work on their off days, dealing with demanding and unreasonable patients who refuse to understand that these nurses are stretched, just because their calls or medicine are delayed a bit. Patients who take it out on nurses just because they're angry or frustrated with their condition. Patients who stubbornly refuse to listen to and follow instructions for their own good. The list goes on. The senior nurses who have to expedite scheduled procedures, medicine or treatment, documents, take calls, make sure the paperwork is done etc. They have to teach and show the ropes to student nurses while running their duties or tasks. The students do give them a bit of relief in taking care of the menial tasks, so there's that. There were instances when morning shift nurses were asked to do 3-4 hours of overtime. There was even an instance of the ward I was in had to call up the intensive care unit, yes the intensive care unit, to ask if they could spare a nurse for a couple of hours just to plug the gap. So yeah, the very least they deserve is honesty but we all know that it's a precious commodity to give away for the people in charge.
yeah imagine if there were wp rallies this year. next election will be interesting to watch if nicole seah runs again
My GP . Not from affluent family. He and his friends pool money to set up a clinic. At the start never make any money. Slowly as more and more people come in, then can make okay money. Right now he told me he going to migrate to NZ and sell his share in the clinic. He's also had enough.
Fuck this shit. My partner and I are fully vaccinated and you're telling me we can't dine in even just the two of us living under the same roof, but we can attend the NDP? What the fuck happened to looking at intensive care unit capacity to tighten restrictions?
likewise. a family member thought it was the NSC works and called TC to complain
One day I was rushing home after work and they cornered me. Was very unhappy, but finally explained to them that there is an app called NLB and they have all of this for free! They didn't have anything to say to that
sigma? That's. counts fingers . the 18th letter of the Greek alphabet. What does that mean? What does it mean? What do anything mean?
Yeah, we've managed to work something out. Everyone is going to be compensated fairly for their contributions
Labour and material costs only make up a very small fraction of the price of a build-to-order. Even if you triple the labour cost, the price of your build-to-order will not increase by 20%. This can easily be mitigated by the Government halving their land cost demands. But of course anything that hurtz muh pockets is not acceptable!
We are the only one implementing sanctions on Russia in the whole of South East Asia, not future superpower Indonesia nor other large nations such as Thailand, Philppines or even Malaysia but tiny Singapore. Give it a while. The governments in most nations don't react so quickly. They may eventually impose sanctions after a few months or even years .
True. But from experience, most of the older generation don't understand boundaries and some still operate on the my house my rules and you're my kid so i don't need to listen to you type of mindset.
Not much you can do when they just pack their bags and go home , one month deposit might not even be enough to cover
Completely agree. Am sick of being guilt trip by people who never gave two farts about healthcare worker welfare pre- covid suddenly telling me how I want them to suffer for loosened restrictions. Yet I never heard these people saying a word when our healthcare workers, especially nurses, were being overworked, underpaid and experiencing harassment from patients pre- covid while being under poor management. Are all these factors going to magically disappear once covid is gone? I dare say covid has highlighted how vital nursing is and how awful the welfare is because if not, we would have continued with status quo instead of caring about their welfare. Do people realize nursing was always a tough job even pre- covid?
people are preasured and sometimes usually even harrassed when they do small wedding as it considered poor cheap and dirty which is stupid as fuck but that mentality has significantly reduced over time but is still highly present and an active part of Asian culture.
Thanks, I've been waiting for your game. Hopefully you haven't missed this, but can you please add it to Geforce Now cloudgaming. This way a wide range of people can play it.
This video is a simple reminder for us on how we are taking all the things around us for granted
Think didn't expect suicide charge. They must be readying for a group rush and take down or prevent him from running situation.
Makes sense. abit like the Mandarin speaking requirements in job-ads. Target the issue specifically, instead of using the race as a proxy.
They are already here on Reddit. You can see the comments from certain accounts trying to polarise yet they are frequently upvoted and the mods are not doing anything. Then you have the uncensored Singaporean subreddits spreading misinformation and inharmonious content, yet the administrator allow them to exist.
Oh, thanks! But really, the fuck are they talking about? And why am I being downvoted for asking?
Ukraine had found themselves in the unenviable position of not being important enough for NATO to commit to their protection, and having such horrible relations with a powerful neighbour. NATO didn't commit because Russia is the neighbor of Ukraine and you wouldn't want NATO and Russia to be side by side or war between the NATO and Russia would be inevitable. Ukraine should've known that accepting Ukraine is dangerous for NATO. I personally think that the better option would be a neutral Ukraine and as the old African saying goes, when the elephants fight, the grass suffers. Such positions were expressed in the Monroe Doctrine by the US which stated that they wouldn't tolerate colonialism in the Western Hemisphere. We also knew what happened to Cuba after the Cuba missile crisis and why China was involved in the Korean war. No big powers would tolerate other big players coming to the front of their yard and showing off the weapons they have that can wipe you away. China, Russia, US-NATO has always been like this.
Kudos to the Singapore Government who clearly stated our stance towards Russia. This is a clear message that we do not condone any violations of sovereignty. A somber reminder of our own realities as well. Remember the Tuas waters incident in 2018?
Government has been telling people to remain calm for 5 months now. At some point, they need to stop shitting themselves every time someone sneezes
yes, so just treat suspects not even prisoners however you like la. Because they have no rights.
Well, if I had a choice I'd look for another job but I can't afford to, as I need the money.
made me remember the encik that used to scold , your brain got orange juice izzit
Because our politicians run Singapore as Singapore Inc and everything goes through a CBA calculus, if you expect them to take lead on moral positions you're barking up the wrong tree.
That uncle's toughguy reflexes on point, no hesitation straight away must shoot like he just came back from two tours in 'Nam.
Malaysia, Philippines aren't much more relevant than Singapore on the world stage, in fact you can even say that Malaysia is even less relevant than us and yet both of them can barely muster a voice on Ukraine, let alone Taiwan.
Honestly didn't read anything you need to apologize for. A good read all round. I do feel your experience is pretty much par for the course from here on out when we're all taught from young that the only resource we have is people , we feel pretty special. Coupled with the strong meritocracy mantra the people at the top deserve to be there because they've earned it necessitates that the people at the bottom too, deserve it somehow , I don't see this mindset changing anytime soon. Go against the grain a man can only be measured by the size of his wallet and you'll be readily dismissed as new age , a hipster , a strawberry , or a bum. I bid you good luck in your adventures, and hope that you will learn to tune out the noise as best you can. After all, you'll find it's a sisyphean task to change the sense of entitlement and how surprisingly apathetic we are in this lovely island A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in. In Singapore's case. seems like the most common response could be spend $20M on this park?! ministerial salary my taxes Singapore bonus wtfbbq
Because the manpower shortage is starting to get into the severe range. By 2030, the army will decrease by a whole one-third and just keep falling from there. The Government is already trying to work around it but at some point, you just need more bodies and China-USA is not helping matters. Everyone in the region is gearing up, Singapore cannot be downsizing now of all times. They've been considering conscripting the females into combat roles for a while now. They already squeezed wherever they can squeeze. Former non-combatants PES statuses are now available for combat. They've already pulled as many conscripts into the army leaving the police forced stetched thin and barely functioning. They've already upgraded the tech to operate with a bare bones team. Squeeze squeeze squeeze until nowhere else to squeeze. It's expected that they'll either increase the reservist cycles or conscript the females. After GE2025 or GE2030, confirm will have one or the other, or even both. One way or another, the shortfall will be covered.
A 40-year-old was subsequently identified and arrested on the same day for the offence of public nuisance. The man will also be investigated for voluntarily causing hurt. The fuck? The video not clear enough?
Sounds like a good way to get your ass kicked when the assailant hears you ratting on him.
Not just that. Singaporean businessmen are pretty wild. A few years back some Singaporean arrested and blacklisted by FBI for helping Pyongyang avoid sanctions. Then also got another Singapore kenna arrest for bribing US military officials for contracts. edit It is a Malaysian based in Singapore. My bad. Sure as hell there will be Singaporean businessmen rubbing their hands to help Russia avoid sanctions for a small fee.
The cooking style can also dye cabinets. I've seen it before. Very expensive to replace more than their deposit for sure.
Not sure why you are being down voted. There are obviously toxic parents. But the first course of action should always be to reconcile.
Ya , there's a 2 week lead time for the last batch that were allowed in and still in the SHN hotels.
Wow what a way to start the week. July has been such a whirlwind of events for Singapore with the clusters and new restrictions, and now this. edit plus triple-digit locally transmitted cases. Very black Monday today. Heard from friends that deceased got slashed to death. Condolences to all the close family or friends of the deceased '
Ya ya it was a good time to have kids post World War One and World War Two. It was a good time to have kids post World War Two with all the instability due to power vacuums. Was a great time to have kids when communism was spreading. Was a superb good time to have kids after being kicked out by malaysia.
We don't need Ukraine to remind ourselves. We depended on the cowardly Brits who surrendered without much of a fight during World War Two.
After taxes left how much? Might have to update the figure accordingly edit Ty for enlightening me that no tax on lottery winnings frans now I'm prepared for next draw
Trust me if we take the time and money put on kids and invest into exchange-traded fund, everyone will be sipping martinis on beach and fatfire by 50.
Not denying. But landlords do have a right to lease their unit to whoever they want.
You do realize I actually support repealing 377a right. This has nothing to do with People's Action Party or the opposition. WP doesn't support the repeal of 377a either. I'm just pointing out stupidity when I see it
Education system wise I'm not so worried though. I have the opposite perspective actually. Work and everything else can be managed. If you can't afford your expenses without excessive work then consider some lifestyle changes including a cheaper house . What we have almost no control over is the education system. Here it is pretty much sink or swim for your kid. And if your child is sinking, then they will be very miserable because you will be forced to keep them afloat with stuff like tuition which they also won't enjoy.
People's Action Party could regret not fielding stronger candidates in sengkang. They had no idea WP had an ace in Jamus.
Only bus here from Gan Eng Seng is 51 which takes fucking long to reach so maybe not so much from there. Bukit Merah secondary most .
This is fine. I dont mind going down to 5 people social groups, i am lonely anyway. I dont mind the Government infringing on my rights by forcing us to use tracetogether when all other methods are viable because we are doing our part to help prevent covid from spreading to our community when our own Government arent doing it anyway. I dont mind rolling back to 50% maximum occupancy for all workplaces, since it is obvious my boss will just ignore all rules and have anyone back on site. I certainly dont mind not going to gyms anymore since i only live on work and nothing else as well. Why exercise when you can work? I certainly dont mind sticking to the rules now as mentioned by our future PM, Mr Lawrence Wong, since THEY took such a long time to restrict travel from India and THEY want us to abide by the rules NOW. This is fine. This is absolutely fine.
The breaking news I wish to hear All major telcos are to provide mobile plans and internet services to only vaccinated customers. Then the la-covider cannot even kaopei about it also.
There is little to no medical evidence that indicate that it's a mental illness. It's not, but trans people are sent through the IMH system for several reasons 1 Chronic stress from transphobia and gender dysphoria increases the risk for actual mental illness esp. depression and anxiety , which IMH can help with 2 The only way to know if someone is trans is for them to tell you. This often involves a good amount of talking about one's life and feelings, and discussing personal issues such as responses from family, social stigma and so on, which psychs are much more well equipped to handle and prepare them for than, say, a random surgeon or endocrinologist. This makes psychs a good first stop for trans people figuring out their identities or considering transition, and IMH is where those doctors are at. 3 In some cases, those people are not in fact trans but may have mental health issues that make them claim to be, e.g. a schizophrenic guy who one day claims to be the reincarnation of Lee Kuan Yew and the next day claims to be a woman. A trained psych would be best able to differentiate whether the source of the claim is a delusion or a genuine expression of trans identity, or perhaps it might even be an actual trans person who is also schizophrenic, and so on.
Don't worry with the goods and services tax hike the Government should have plenty of tax monies to bolster singapore's defence or increase military spending.
I realised that as I grew older I started to get fewer and fewer of these people approaching me. Blessing in disguise or ageing If anyone is a student or studying you are fully in your right to reject any forced sale attempts on you. They are taking advantage of your lack of experience handling money. If you find it difficult to reject them just say the money is not yours to spend, unless they want to speak to your parents there and then. I remember in my youth these people would dogpile on me to spend on their vouchers or 'charity'. If they see you buy from someone, others will also approach you for a 'donation'. Being kind doesn't work on them and I really tried. Quite bizarre now that I think about it. Those people were in the same uniform doing this right in front of MRT gantries where people tend to wait around.
When people whine about getting first-world education, amenities and medical care, I literally have 0 tolerance for it. Nobody is forcing you to live in this cookie cutter life you dread. Travel, don't get married, do something outside of convention. Whatever it takes to live your life! edit spelling
Well. You choose to have a kid to love n care for something, you don't choose to have a kid to be your atm when you grow old. fuck you boomers Just get a dog. They're amazing n life changing
If I'm not wrong Storytel isn't the one selling to you here. It should be one of the companies who does marketing and sales to do it. When they told you to install the app did they ask you to key in some reference for them? Each successful sale is heavily rewarded because right now companies just wanna grow their user base and worry less about profit at the start. Think grab and Uber If I am not mistaken Similar marketing companies have been selling WWF donation and some 360 health thing with the pinwheel thing and they quite a heavy share of the sales. Eg ,$10 donated to WWF maybe a $6 or less gets to them before their internal adminstration cost. Hopefully someone who has worked there before can shed some light anonymously
if they do an average of the whole population then its quite likely to be above 6, as most people sleeping 6 or below are young working adults or students maybe age range 15 to 35 , compared to the rest of population thats kinda 1 or 4 ish.
Its not as simple as Russia v Ukraine. Russia invaded Ukraine because of NATO policies led by the US which was going to turn Ukraine into a NATO member which would have placed NATO military assets possibly including nuclear missiles at Russia's doorstep. Many muslims are aware of this having experienced US aggression in the Middle East , and so the whole issue is watered down into supporting Russia because it is seen as resisting US or NATO. My personal view is that its a valid. When theres war and geopolitical , 2 parties are at fault. Ukraine is innocent and Russia is villianized right now but the real instigator is US or NATO - though of course many would also argue against that.
1. Remain unvaccinated in the face of overwhelming evidence that getting vaccinated is the smart thing to do. 2. Use horse worm medicine as your backup. 3. Watch on as more and more unvaccinated people die and get into intensive care unit. 4. When your group is singled out due to these obvious reasons SHOCKED PIKACHU FACE
It is precisely the systemic transphobia that leads to the arrests. The blame shouldn't be put on the individual officers but rather an entire system that allows peoples fundamental liberties to be violated in such an egregious manner. What they did is against the law. This simple is or ought is something conservatives have been struggling to comprehend for decades. Its getting annoying.
Isn't the underlying impact of higher fatality rate or increased need of oxygen and intensive care unit for the unvaxxed the reason for this restriction? It's not that the vaccine prevent spread, but precisely because it doesn't, its unsafe for unvaxxed to go out and increase their chances of getting infected. So what exactly are you unhappy about?
Hey there, OP here. I found your comment really insightful, thanks! I didn't really think about it that way, and when I said that it was mostly to appease the people who would rather be put into groups with equals. It's really common for students here to be put into different categories and for classes to be banded so I tend to lean towards that mindset. Perhaps it's a misunderstanding that is just really common here. Thank you though!
How can you say something so controversial, yet so brave? I am being sarcastic Don't know why you should fear downvotes on here. Most of the users are of the same strawberry generation. You only need to fear the 'angery' Facebook comments when this post goes viral. v
I was in Singapore on exchange comming from denmark. I was only there for half a year but the divide between chinese looking and indian looking where very clear in my eyes. If you asked me if there was racism in the country My answer would be yes. Not at all towards me an outsider in the country i am white but between the people in the country
I recall working at the supermarket as well, waiting to go polytechnic also personal choice , someone asked me the location of a specific item, I just told the person I'm not sure, sorry didn't point to someone else as I had to rush back to my cashier counter . He yelled Why do you not know? You're working here! I replied Sorry, I'm just a temp. His toned changed 360 degree, Oh you are temp , ok ok. In my mind I was thinking he just assumed I'm working there because I dropped out of school and started with the condescending tone. I never regretted working there though, really a good experience at that age to see people from all walks of life, their behaviors, experienced ups and downs, and not forgetting the various ridiculous requests I could never imagine.
I can, however, say that most Singaporeans are largely elitist and classist. Learning well from their Colonial masters.
Remember your place in society before you engage in dreaming Dreams cannot generate into a free-for-all where no distinction is made between the senior and junior party You must make distinctions What is high, what is low, what is above, what is below, and then within this, we can have a dream, we can have a vision people should not take on those in authority as 'equals'.
brother 10 is plenty enough to know swear words and gestures liao . With the advent of Internet, I'm pretty sure the age at which they get unintentional sex education is getting lower also
I would agree but after i saw how a first warrant officer and a major deal with a same situation in a different manner, thats where i realised.sometimes the education and fundamental competency matters. for what it is worth the first warrant officer strategy was not a good strategy.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe this is a Palm Spider! There is a video somewhere of one making a web over my face when I was a child! edit I am wrong, this is a Golden Orb Weaver
I can't believe how quickly we reached this point. Two weeks back, I used to boast to my friends overseas that we have single digit community cases abd still, we practise masking and safe distancing. There is also news that the B1617 variant is sometimes not picked up by PCR tests in the early stages.
a lot of Singaporeans agree with him. a lot or the vast majority but he shares that view with the vast majority of them. And you make the same problematic equivalence How do you even known what the vast majority of Singaporeans think on a particular issue? I'm not even sure the Government, with all its civil service resources, has an accurate answer. And yet people on the internet always seem to know what the vast majority thinks. That's not even 50%, that's at least 70-80% for it to be vast majority . If it is really so easy to know what this vast majority is thinking, the People's Action Party would never lose an election.
Parents here aren't interested in having their kids learn soft skills like presenting ideas and giving presentations draw the art great at keeping the group together they just value grades in math and science. Heck, even English is often sidelined and is taken seriously only because it is a base subject.
Yeah, I can see that. And sometimes reputation is very important. Our situation was probably a lot more open. Plus my wife and I didn't want one and made it clear from the beginning. In Asia with a culture that goes way overboard on weddings too. Funny story, I very good at orating and was offered a job officiating weddings because I look the part too. I actually was rushed into one without any real training. Long story short, it was definitely memorable. I was sweating profusely because I had all this pressure and no training. The bride and groom were absolutely stunning. I tripped over my lines, my heart was racing, the audience had looks on their faces ranging from anger to complete shock and even a few straight up laughing. I struggled through to the end. The bride literally came back after her grand exit to check on me and make sure I wasn't going to off myself or something. I was a wreck! I do not know if not having my own wedding had been part of the cause or what, but it was one of the worst things I've ever experienced. I bet the couple still laugh about it to this day. Meanwhile, I vowed to never, ever try to marry two people again. It's too bad though because the money is GOOD.
Maybe I misinterpreted what you are saying but why are American cultural norms relevant to Singapore?
no definitive consensus pretty sure in science there will almost never be a definitive consensus, especially in behavioural sciences?
Yeah the only thing is I'm sitting 300 m away and no one in my house heard anything so we're arguing if it is or not
I am so sorry to hear that. Was hoping the situation would've been kinder to Muslims this year. Stay strong my man.
Not from Singapore, just saw this randomly, but why do people need to go big on a Wedding when the financial situation is not easy. I see more and more people i Europe that spend only a couple thousand euros or nothing on a Wedding. It's just the smart way.
the reason for my lack of sleep is not school but is that i always watch Premier League games which are usually at 1 to 2am and despite knowing i got school and need to maximise my sleeping hours
he said it during the GE2020 debate and it went viral you can watch it here from 3 25 warms the cockles of my heart
Can I PM you? Does it mean if we have a rebellious or stand up streak, it's best if we steer clear of all GLCs and Government roles? edit basically it's the same as Japan. You won't get fired but be made to leave quietly via hostile signals.
Yeap you are right. Mostly its the older generation pre and post war baby boomers . Once a wrong order from foodpanda came to my house and it was mala i think with pork n luncheon meat. My sister accepted it but got scolded by my mom. My mum thinks its from my gf and start lecturing me about how she is not sensitive to the religion, yada yada. I had to explain to her its a wrong order and the foodpanda rider got it mixed up.
To me, it's better than going down without a fight. Even if Singapore does get conquered, we make the invaders pay for every inch of land they take with blood.
Just the Government panicking and flailing. We are well past the point of sensible, measured policy .
should try CDG's new lifestyle app too called zig got unlimited $3 off promo code, clean user experience or user interface with rides, eat or drink and deals combined not paid to promote
s is where money come in. You must be surprise how many India programmers in Singapore out there. Bitch please, I am 21 single and I cant even buy a resale flat here, talk about 15-20% build-to-order prices for what? if you wanna talk about the costs of the flats, consider the materials, duration and location first, dont just use lack of man power to justified that cost, damnit
You vote the WP into parliament, you still get the People's Action Party candidates as grassroots advisors so your estate still improved. Arguably more so since they would want to win your vote back. Win win win!
mom can we watch James Bond? we have James Bond at home James Bond at home
Grievous bodily harm. In the UK, assaults are categorised depending on the level of injuries, grievous bodily harm is up there and a notch down from manslaughter.
Welcome to the real working world. More often than not. such parents will treat people they deem as part of the social circle as an equal, but once you are out of it, good luck
Putin literally laughs at the sanctions that russia's been enduring for years But their citizens may not be, and that's the group of people that can hurt Putin the most
Singapore isn't going to say shit about territorial integrity if the West is the one doing it with the US protecting us. Believing otherwise is pure stupidity
the fact that grab thought they could get away with increasing the price and attribute it to helping the riders is a damn joke they really thought people would fall for lousy PR props for gojek and comfort for actually attempting to alleviate people's financial burden
So far all the discussion centred on being assertive which is really useful. Anyway, when approached, I simply told them I don't like audio books. So they left me alone. .
The deposit should cover the ability to deep clean. Otherwise yes, increase deposit to protect yourself and not let stereotypes define the landlord. Not all Indians cook.
actually i recall that Ang Yong Guan was still invited on ch8 to talk about psychology even after he ran for SDP in 2011.
personally feel like the situation in Singapore is alot worse than most countries due to our culture and mindset where we are so focused on the more material aspects of life
this water is 100% real. Plus i dont think you've been to this area where i shot this before . It isnt exactly a place people can just walk in
Yeah I made this observation some time back when I was working as a customer service for a call centre. Had one customer called me a good for nothing, shame to my parents and that I will end up working in a call centre for the rest of my life because I was a loser. I shortly quit the job the following week because I just couldn't handle the verbal abuses and personal attacks that I would sometimes get over the phone. Trust me, Singaporeans are 100x nastier over the phone to customer service than in real life. We are passive-aggressive like that. Around the same time, I was doing my undergrad in a private university. When people ask me what I am doing for my university, the moment I said insert private university , you can literally see the sparkle in their eyes die off and they just lose immediate interest in you as a human being. It is disgusting as hell. You are not judged based on the inner substance and moral values that you have got as a person. You are what your school is. I find this extremely ironic because I came from a top secondary school and junior college. At that time, I was treated differently from when I was doing my undergrad even though nothing in me has changed. I remarked to my dad that people treat me differently from when I was in undergrad and now that I am doing my postgrad overseas. I swore to myself that I will NEVER be like that, ever. Because I know how it feels like to be made to feel inferior. The same thing happens on online, you see people mocking private university students etc. The kind of superiority complex that some people have about their education baffles me. The level of education shouldn't matter in our day to day interactions. What matters is that we should treat everyone with equal respect and dignity, regardless of their education and social status. But sadly, I know for a fact that in Singapore, your social status is pretty much determined with your familial wealth or the schools you go to. But to be fair, because of the lady who verbally abused me, she gave me the extra motivation that I needed to get to where I am today. I work fucking hard every single day to prove that private university students can excel in life. Fuck you, Sarah.
Budget 2022 debate Call to explore hydrogen, nuclear power to diversify Singapore's energy mix Akan datang?
Don't sell it until the Switch Pro is released . Remember people panic selling RTX 2000 GPUs to buy RTX 3000 GPUs? Some of them didn't have any graphics processing unit at all.
I hope the news won't give the killer a memorable nickname like lone wolf or unabomber to attract copycats who wants the attention
I've been thinking about how to word my reply for a few minutes now, because I believe you are not against the LGBT community. You are simply criticizing the way they have chosen to bring attention to their issue. Perhaps you could have been more gentle with your words, but all in all, it was a fair point. Choosing to get themselves arrested is going to have some people wondering, as you and your friends have, why they would do something knowing they would be arrested. I'd like to talk more about the word 'reality' you have used. I don't think you used it wrongly, or that you mean some thing else, but as you said, you don't understand the reality that they live in. And thats the problem, isn't it? I'm not transgender, neither am I LGBTQ, so I also cannot understand the day-to-day reality that they face. We might paint with a broad brush and write them off as idiots, as I think many would do, but why not also consider that their reality was so harsh and difficult that they were willing to be arrested to bring light on this issue? What kind of life they must be living to think that risking prison was an acceptable risk? Are they trying to secure a better future for transgenders, at the cost of their own futures? Here, lets discuss a bit on suicide. Suicide rates are notoriously high among transgender globally, but that's slightly off tangent to the point I want to make. It is easy to agree that no one should commit suicide, however, there are still suicide cases. What is their reality, then? What circumstances might drive a person to taking their own life, even when normally, I don't think anyone will disagree that suicide is ok? I've written an essay, so I apologize that I've taken up a bit of your time, but like I decided write this to you because I believe that you are not against the LGBTQ community, I'm just sharing my point of view of Maybe they did that knowing they would be arrested and charged in court, and perhaps they risked all that because there is something greater at play If you've read it all, thank you for taking the time.
with all the sanctions. surely the long term effects on russian economy will be more brutal. sure they will win against Ukraine but the long term effects of the sanctions and possible economic collapse is going to be painful. might be worse than venezuela and lebanon.
Free transfer. Army regulars are forced to retire in their 50s. Apparently 65k or mo ? salary not enough to retire, they need a transfer to maintain their lifestyle.
The a&e at NTF is like a zoo with unbearable heat for both patients and staff and the working ratios are ridiculous
Told them I don't read books, they gave me a puzzled look and i simply walk away '
Hi, to be honest this joke is kinda originally from a Malaysian's point of view. So it may seems there is a unfair portrayal of Indonesia. I appreciate everything the Indonesian Government is doing and admit that i might be a little biased and not in touch of the Indonesia's perspective. But the main emphasis of the joke is to portray the reaction of Malaysians and Singaporeans towards the haze, rather than blaming everything on Indonesia which I admit is a controversial and insensitive part of the GIF
go find me a similar picture same angle of this skyline and before commenting shot by thousands of others . Stop and take a look before commenting
Thanks uncles, now my whole week of leave really going to be just me staying at home. Can't even go for a coffee with friends I haven't seen in over a year.
Yeah so . only people who have actually committed this crime should do this! I myself have no interest in sex with men, but I'm almost tempted to do it just to be able to truthfully make such a report.
Interesting question but false equivalent. Taiwan, unlike Singapore and Ukraine, is not an internationally recognised sovereign state. The set of principles which is outlined in his speech do not apply to Taiwan. A more relevant hypothetical question would be if Indonesia invades Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste, what will Singapore do? That's a really really tough position to be.
I know plenty of people from non-wealthy families who are that way too. Come to think of it, my experience is the opposite of yours the wealthier people I know tend to be more chill about their kids
You guys say it's cute and all that. I think it's more worrisome. animals that invade human property and consume human livestock don't usually continue to enjoy their existing freedoms.
Please don't encourage people to spoil their vote. Either way one person is going to be elected, choose wisely even if it is a hard and shit decision. Some people say spoiling your vote sends a message . The more harmful message being sent is that voting is not a duty. Careful consideration of the candidates is something that we simply cannot run away from.
thank you Sengkang! Thanks for voting worthy alternative voices into the parliament for all of us Singaporeans!
at this rate, we would have to get booster shots before singapore opens up
Also a correct answer. Great vs Grievous depends on the jurisdiction. And some states use injury instead of harm. California, where I prescribe law, is Great Bodily Injury.
This is a great chance for the Singapore Government to redesign our economy to be less reliant on cheap foreign labor. If they aren't going to do it now, they will never do it.
'Coloured classmates'? I was with you for the most part given that my relations with other races are much like yours jiak kentang, was ostracised by fellow chinese . Still, your teminology leaves something to be desired
Is being shy really a flaw though? A pushover maybe but depending on how you define it. I'd noticed that some people are giving unsolicited advice to you about trying to be proud, or fighting back but I don't think you have to take them seriously as they simply just can't empathize with you. Although those people may be true about fighting back being the better option, it may be a bit too difficult to be executed by a shy person. On the part of being a pushover, I rather call it as being highly adaptive like a chameleon. A chameleon trait is both a good and a bad thing as you can be influenced by both good and bad. You are a victim in this, so you are NOT obliged to fight back. If it is too uncomfortable for you to speak up, it is fine. The responsibility falls onto the strangers and friends who happened to be in the vicinity of any occurrence of racism or casual racism.
If you notice they always call the foreign Chinese overseas Chinese instead of foreign Chinese. Implying that we are prc citizens living overseas, this is deeply ingrained in their vocab.
When I was young, my mom taught me to be racist. Not just against other skin colors, but stereotyping in general hair color, status, location, accent . I learned real fast what a shitty thing that was and now I make a conscious effort to check myself for bias. I call her out whenever I hear her say anything at all that conveys any kind of hate. I don't tolerate it from others, either. Everyone deserves to be happy, healthy, and to be given a fair life in my opinion.
It isn't that simple, though. In Judaic Abrahamic religions the proselytizing is baked into the doctrines themselves. Different branches of it follow them to varying degrees and they are also followed to varying degrees. it's not so easy to handwave that away. Source well-read on religion, ex catholic.
Not to be condescending but have you paid attention to any local news in the past 10 years that would invite any feminist commentary? AWARE has taken positions that are a far cry from what one would expect from a stereotypically conservative Christian group. So to answer your question, no. The new guard was ousted at the extraordinary general meeting. Other NGOs got spooked by the incident and started putting safeguards in their constitutions to prevent such covert takeovers by outsiders.
Sorry to hear that , I'm chinese and i know some chinese are judgemental and racist , I can't deny the fact , but stay strong and just be who you are as you don't live for them , you live for yourself, be proud of your culture, be proud of your race . stay strong and screw those regardless of race who can't accept you .
Why don't they do something instead of filming.? To all the downvoters, police comment from the bottom of the post The police would also like to advise members of the public to call '999' if they see an assault taking place. Videos of the incident should be shared with the police quickly, instead of being circulated on social media platforms, said SPF.
Management should be sacked if they do anything negative. These otters are featured in brochures overseas and tourists pay attention to them. They contribute to GDP and hence the ministers and civil service's salaries. Condo management can be easily replaced but not these otters.
So good financial knowledge plus discipline will put us in a very good position to start adult lives. Sounds legit. I like the approach. So why is there such a template at all? What was described sounds really common so much so that I see lots of tired and dead souls around me. Anything interesting thing I mention is replied with but we have bills to pay.
1 presented his points well and coherently despite the big time disadvantage 2 an actual authority on economic matters on account of being overqualified 3 has real, visible charisma. clearly won VB's respect by the end. VB commented that WP's manifesto could have been written by the People's Action Party. it was meant to be a subtle insult yall just copy us only but I took it as high praise. an unwitting admission that the WP manifesto was of good quality. and Jamus' reply to that was perfect. send him to Parliament please!
This is the 1st time in a long time I see people up voting anything related to how we might need tighter restrictions.
Yeah. The Government could lower the cpf contribution rate and scrap the OA altogether. All cpf is channeled to SA and medisave to make people realize they have to fund retirement and housing separately. But that's politically untenable. Maybe compulsory financial literacy classes at a some point in peoples' youth. Might be too paternalistic, but there's really no way around this problem.
The problem is they are allowed to return and testing is not mandatory. Australia bans all entry regardless of citizen or not.
It's call a Pre-emptive strike. If Ukraine had been Israel, the Russian soldiers massing at the borders would have been decimated. Israel do not fuck around when it comes to their sovereignty.
I never understand the point of such snide remarks. What you suggesting? Close MRT and buses or only allow vaccinated people to take MRT and buses?
A quick guide to remembering the difference between Poisonous and Venomous If you bite it and you die, it's poisonous. If it bites you and you die, it's venomous. If you bite it and it dies, it's food.
The sheer amount of excuses given by the interviews irk me. Mr Elson Lee, founder and chief executive of a student recruitment company, said he insists on seeing an MC to verify an employee's claim that he is covid positive. How would we know if the employee is genuinely unwell? Like how do we verify, do we call MOH? Even that is a big hassle, he said, adding that employees should be made to take a supervised antigen rapid test antigen rapid test at a quick-test centre QTC . I think the QTCs should send an alert to the HR department of the company, I think that's more efficient, he suggested. Hello Mr Lee, do you think everyone will want covid? Do you think people would go all the lengths to get a double line on their antigen rapid test to avoid work? Do you think people want to play around with a disease that could permanently affect your lungs? If you want proof, get the worker to write their last 3 digits of national registration identity card, and the date and send a picture? Do you really don't trust your workers? If you don't, then, Mr Lee, I think you have a problem with trust issues and your lack of it. Also. Asking QTCs to send out notifications to HR? Hello? Frontline contractors and healthcare workers are more concerned about making people recover from covid, yet you want to burden them with more administrative tasks that they don't need to deal with? If anything, Mr Lee, I must say you reek entitlement issues on top of your trust issues. Another employee at a technology firm who was recently infected with covid said that his employer had initially demanded to see an MC to approve his absence from work. His boss later begrudgingly allowed him to rest for one to two days and to work from home thereafter, despite him having a fever. This boss, what the fuck, got fever hello you still want to work? What deadline are you chasing? Your employees health matters, what's the use of getting your sick workers to work? Gawd. people like these make my blood boil.
They probably will. I know people who have interacted with some of them in real life and most say that they've imbibed the military kool-aid.
Spot on, I live in Korea and see people here say the exact same stuff as OP so often and claim oh my god hell Korea , not realizing that all the shit that makes it hell are choices .
Can I just say how touched I was by He Ting Ru's speech? T T AND PRITAM TOO AT THE END AFTER HIS ALJUNIED SPEECH MY MAN going to CRY
Just search Singapore covid la kopi on tele. Warning consume in moderation, may cause brain damage.
So once the frightened cat was rescued and placed on the ground, the little girl's first instinct was to run over, and pet it?
Kudos to the officers. Stopping a threat. But hopefully he won't kena by superiors because I know first hand what was that like during my fulltime police national serviceman days. protect the public but alot of restrictions.
Just because people do not mean to be racist, doesn't mean it isn't racism or that no damage is done. I'm very sure OP's primary sch classmates did not mean to be racist, considering that they were likely unaware of the concept of racism itself. Does that mean that it didn't or shouldn't affect OP? Insufficient exposure and insensitivity is EXACTLY the problem.
I have to postpone by wedding twice since last year May. emergency uninvite my guest list down to below 50 last week and now I have to postpone it for another time. God have mercy on me!
Not sure but OP sounds like he or she will be the first one off the island in a sampan
Eventually, we will have to reopen. You can get a covid reinfection. For how long will you want to hold this off for? How about not advocating for full openings right now and spike the infection numbers even higher? - This excuse will still be valid in 2025 where covid will still be around. Should we stay in this state till then? While nothing has been done to ease the burden of healthcare worker this past 2 years? The measures we have in place are already ineffective. I struggle to think of a single measure that is actually limiting the spread of covid.
I think your story not accurate. He was already a weed dealer before he even met her. Just that, he was unfortunate he got caught after he met her. He went after a Russian chick when he was located in US, because he likes her looks, found her online. And this Russian chick made it very clear to him from the beginning, she is looking for rich husband. He lied to her that he was rich and would fully take care of her, so that she would go to America to be with him. So., Um, not sad story. Just a dumb man who created all this problem himself.
I rather it be taught properly earlier instead of kids scrambling on the internet and learning the wrong thing. Saying sex before marriage is okay doesnt mean people will go around having sex. Proper sex education is comprehensive, physical and emotional. It would teach them how to make decisions and the possible consequences. There shldnt be negative impacts if sex education is taught properly.
severe acute respiratory syndrome was less contagious than 2019ncov but we were also a lot more unprepared for severe acute respiratory syndrome. Would be an interesting case study comparison once this whole thing blows over.
Over the last 5 days, I realised that many of the parents who were nice to me in school were probably nice only because they know I'm at the same level. It's nice to hear that you're realising this at an early stage. Note, this happens at all levels of society. Don't let it get you down, play the game when you must, and keep good and honest friends around you.
Keep in mind they are fighting Neo Nazi's as well as against American imperialism and NATO expansion All of these are not justifiable reasons to invade Ukraine. From Singapore's point of view, it's unacceptable for a larger country to invade another smaller sovereign country. Russia's invasion is a breach of international rule of law and cannot be tolerated. Also Ukraine's President has Jewish ancestry and his grandfather fought the Nazis during World War Two. Most Ukrainians are not Neo Nazis, they won't have elected a Jewish president if they were
It must be difficult. Closing a business that you poured your blood, sweat and tears into is never easy. I am in the same boat as you too.
Little time to even have a life outside work, let alone bringing a new life This is such a huge issue and factor in why people don't have time for kids
Pretty sure the Government can't even see talent even if you dangle infront of them. They always default to scholarship generals.
Very disappointed in the dining in restriction. Can we see some numbers on how many cases of viral transmission result from dining in? It's easier to swallow this bitter pill if the public can be convinced that this is a real threat and not some security theatre. Please show us that the Government is not simply panicking and slapping on senseless restrictions like a headless chicken.
Just curious. Which era and where, is your idea of a good time and place to have baby ?
Everything gets filtered up the chain to the top brass that they are not even aware of the issues that the people at the bottom of the chain faced
Yah. I often hear expats here telling me how lucky I am to be born here. Yes Singapore is safe and efficient, you really cannot deny that . But you have to be rich to really enjoy living here or else you are just part of the cog in the wheel .
There is no hooha if the foreigners have merits over the local. The issue arises when there is unfair hiring because they from the same village or whatsoever or a fake degree or compared to a local with more merits.
Pretty loud for a taser, since the video was recorded in a car. Crazy stuff
Precisely this! When I was renting I've gone down to so many places. The agent would inform me after I went down to the place that they landlord didn't want to. I am much more comfortable with them being upfront and I can just ignore the listing.
There are many decisions you can make to save and live within your means while in the prime working age bracket. Very simply you don't need that 5 dollar cup of bubble tea. You can learn to cook and eat at home. You don't need to have a new phone every time a new model releases. Of course you can continue to enjoy the creature comforts but just be mature about it and recognise that there are trade offs. Don't you only live once now and regret later.
Yeah, it's the second major death-ish incident that happened in the span of a month, I just want to study in peace.
I can't account for some people's logic. Coming from a country that had to impose curfews on tuitions centres because they extend past 2am. Your right about drug dependence or worse addiction. But with perceived life-dependent exams, abusers would only concern about the short term benefits, never the long term damage.
Where are all those who said open borders for the economy? How's your precious eCoNoMy now? Penny wise, pound foolish? Those who fail to learn from history are bound to repeat it. Now how's the economy? Was it worth it for the few days of hesitation before closing the borders to countries with a high infection rate and even a new variant? Worth it anot? Profit in the short term, losing out in the long run. No big picture? Too micro?
It's not a transformation thing, more like how do you calculate a rate when both numerator and denominator are changing.
Kudos to you, this guy really deserves to be put behind bars. The victim was already on the ground and he still kept doing knee strikes to the face and kidney shots, this definitely accounts to attempting to do grevious injury to me.
During the invasion of Iraq, we, along with many others were convinced of the weapon of mass destruction theory. Tiananmen incident is a domestic affair
whats weirdest to me is that Singapore sex ed is so prudish that learning about sexual reproduction in humans in biology is more sexually explicit than sexuality education. and in sexuality education, all the Ministry of Education-made slides and worksheets are designed as if they were made for an 18th century society that views ankles as sexual
You clearly know why. I know you want to blame China. But look at the news, look at Singapore entry policies. China people entering Singapore now even not need quarenteen. No one hates Indian OK, today I also ate bryani in the foodcourt. But truth is truth, whatever you are happy to accept or not. It is it.
Not sure if they still have them because I ate there a long while ago, but their pickled fish is also really good.
you're comment history is full of xenophobia. I bet you'd cry to your mommy if someone said something bad about China.
Why is it ranking or preferring people based on race is racist, but choosing people based on their career, sex, age or marital status not considered discriminatory and dosent generate any outrage?
Technocratic, but still somewhat beholden to public sentiment. There are 3 main flavours of vaccine hesitancy Rushed narrative it was so rushed, I don't want to be big pharma's guinea pig Sinophile I don't trust these western vaccines, Sinovac only for me Despite Indonesia's numbers showing significantly reduced efficacy Math challenged 7 people I heard of got cardiac arrest of millions vaccinated , I don't want that kind of risk. Making it mandatory would be politically unpopular, until the wave of public sentiment makes it a slamdunk. The most that's happened so far is increased convenience or access for vaccinated people, but that arguably isn't enough of an incentive or disincentive so far.
I'm mad at people who for no reason don't want to get vaccinated, however, I do have two friends who can't for legitimate reasons finish their vaccines. One friend had a terrible allergic reaction and ended up in the hospital, the other one had Bell's palsy and the doctor recommended she not get the second dose. Even though it's very rare I do think it's unfair they can't go dine in, etc. there should be some way for those people to do normal things. Honestly it's probably the anti-vaxxers fault otherwise it wouldn't be an issue.
national service Officer in civilian workplace Okay, whole office listen up. I tell 1x you all better OT no pay, fuck you understand?
Hello! I went to your profile, seems like we are in the same rs boat, genderflipped! Ya I'm not a big fan of faraid, even as a Muslim wife you get at most 1 or 4 of your husband's assets husband gets half of his wife's, go figure . As a non-Muslim spouse, I get nothing! But he can still inherit half or all my assets if I predecease him. It's a cause of contention between bf and I rn because now that I'm older I'm looking into the legal parts of marriage. He keeps telling me not to worry and he'll figure it out, but he's not showing me any steps of what he plans to do, suggested sitting down with a shariah lawyer to discuss options but he turned it down. He claimed if he dies prematurely he'll tell his mother all his stuff will pass to me, and I was like, my dude. Firstly, your mum is a woman, they not going to let her be executor of your estate. Secondly, your estate is automatically divided by shariah law. Third, you're alr dead, how can you advocate for me if your legal beneficiaries decide to make noise
What' the rule on transport? Taxi or buses only can have 1 driver and 1 passenger? Train at most 2 people? Technically it's still social gathering.
What makes you think I'm against tough measures against Russia? You cannot claim the right to uphold international law by breaking international law, even if it's the right thing to do. Doesn't mean that no one can work around the loopholes or stretching the application of the law to its limits.
Actually China is secretly hoping it'll happen so they can get their hands on cheap oil eventually. Their main support for the invasion is by not condemning it, by downplaying and also denying it. Even right now, their censorship at home is based on allowing pro-invasion posts and deleting anti-invasion posts in relation to this invasion. All while their banks currently comply with the US sanctions. They're playing both sides. Weakening Russia implicitly via inaction and allowing online rhetoric and appearing to be a good guy to the rest of the world.
To be blunt, did you apply this same logic to Nazi or Japanese soldiers in 1939? The bulk of them were just conscripts having to do as asked of by their fatherland, but 'just following orders' has long since been struck down as an argument.
yes, a responsible parent with a healthy mindset. Of course we'll throw rotten eggs at you. Jokes aside, thanks for keeping such common sense in mind. I wish previous generations had been as wise.
This is so dumb in so many ways. Yes, gender isn't a spectrum, but clearly there isn't a clear cut 2 genders you can just fit people in. It's like saying everyone should be right handed, or in uglier terms, autistic, dyslexic and albino people should not exists. Sometimes people are just wired differently, should we force these people out of the picture?
India has the highest recorded one-day increase in covid cases, and this is just the official number. The unrecorded number is estimated to be several times higher. Their Government can't cope anymore and people dying in the streets from covid. Why haven't we banned flights from India like we did for China during the start of the pandemic? If Singapore citizens need to come home, we can always charter or arrange flights for them. Just one cluster at TTSH caused the a&e at 2 other hospitals to be filled. Do we really want to go into another circuit breaker?
Their motherland media tell them anything they need to listen, otherwise they are race traitors and their ancestors will weep for them.
you want people to be able to protest and assembly anywhere? why? disturbance of peace is not really a good thing
Really proud of Singapore for this bold move to condemn Russia's actions. Finally we are no longer playing Switzerland . This act is especially important in taking a stand against unprovoked invasions and bullying by larger and sometimes more powerful neighbours.
Oh yes, thank you for this video and giving them exposure. I really like their channel and if you want to support them, please donate to their patron!
Fuck those racist cheebye. I love Indians and I have so many Indian friends. They are Colorful, always happy, super accommodating bunch of buddies. So sorry you have to go thru this dear. Hope I get to meet you in person
Enough carrot, time to pull out the stick. As a authoritarian society, we might has well do the thing and really increase enforcement for public health. Make everyone display their vac status if they ever have to leave their house or go to any public spaces? If you don't have a legit reason for not taking the vac, fuck you and stay at home. No train, no bus, no taxi no anything.
Everything you described is fascinating from a foreigner's perspective i.e. me . The ultimate planned man made city. I've never seen anywhere like Singapore. But you're right that you need to experience the other end of the spectrum as well.
Studies have demonstrated an important improvement in mortality of patients with severe covid who required intensive care unit admission and mechanical ventilation in comparison to previous observational reports and emphasizes the importance of standard of care measures in the management of covid.
He should not have been at the frontline. Also, do we equip our inbound traveller ICA folks in full personal protective equipment, N95, gowns and shield? Our Muslim friends and their Hari Raya
Still hung up on secondary school? Something i notice, people who went to RI or RGS or St Nicholas or NYGS or ACS tend to remark casually about their alma mater in the course of conversation with others mind you just acquaintances only so it's like you know that they go to that school. I mean, who cares really?
Nobody is flaunting it or asking others to be proud of us for being transgender. Heck, most if not all of us just want to live in peace like the rest. But that is difficult if you're discriminated against which is why these protestors stood out despite knowing that they will be arrested.
from what i've seen at least its the parents who demand it - those actually getting married usually care less for such customs
The private GP clinic near my house has stopped operating on weekends and after 3pm citing lack of manpower. Apparently the nurses or clinic assistants quit and the doctor unable to find new help so she has to cut short her operating hours. And I live in an elderly area so every single day there is a long queue to see the doctor.
Scenes on Monday when your boss has this printed out to show to everyone. How the turntables.
brother the wait at a certain a&e not named for privacy is 10-15 hours, it's mad. I do not know, doesn't seem like it's coping that well
What if securing flights is hard in India? Plus the need to do a swab test before departure. Perhaps part of the reason fake certificates are rampant is because its very tough to secure an actual honest swab test. We could go the Australia route and ban even citizens from returning. But is that ideal? What if you were the one stuck in India and unable to do anything?
Those strikes with the knee and elbows, he knows exactly what he's doing. Trained fighter I reckon. That's grievous bodily harm with intent. Horrible to watch. Hopefully the guy is put away for a long time and the victim makes a full recovery.
Same thing happened during severe acute respiratory syndrome. It's the stigma. Understandable that there is the stigma but just really hurts. For severe acute respiratory syndrome it was worse in the sense that it was highly deadly.
oh man, I mean I would really rather throw this issue to my sister and her husband If no choice then ok . 18 years later, you will see me on reddit asking, my niece just ask me about something really personal and I don't know if I should inform my sister about it.
They take over Istana and then what? It's useless without being recognized by Singaporean. Singapore is an island and you cannot land a significant amount of troops on the ground without being noticed far in advance. Good luck fighting urban warfare in such a dense city. Unless they want to level us to the ground, then it doesn't matter.
Timely reminder of the many things we take for granted in Singapore. The parts that got me the most - 2 of them mentioned that the polymer notes will not get wet in the rain. Which I guess they aren't sheltered from the elements in many situations they may encounter frequently.
His performance did not just one up himself and his party's credibility. He single-handedly turned the table, by using this debate to sell how two or multi-party parliament can flourish. What a delightful surprise. I reckon People's Action Party did not see this coming. Not even Viv could hide his smile when they crossed words at the end, who's arguably the best showman from the lot.
Wow I thought that idiotic argument died long time ago. There's no point comparing population density of a country to a city, unless you believe in Denmark population is uniformly spread across the whole country area and not concentrated in cities. Singapore has a similar population density to London, and many fully open cities in the US.
Well, if only Singaporeans can get back, then why can't we ban commercial flights at the very least? We can extract Singaporeans with chartered Scoot or flights, like we did with China when they are the epicentre. Unlike commercial flights, Government organised chartered flights give us the control to manage and mitigate risks on board. Also, how many Singaporeans are we actually expecting to be in India right now? Their covid hell didn't happen overnight, plenty of chances and commercial flights would have allowed many citizens to return. If Singapore is your home and your work is based here, why the hell would you be doing there for months? How many Singaporeans do we expect to casually visit India for some reason in the past month and get themselves stuck there? If there are so little Singaporeans left there, why would it matter if we ban commercial flights? New citizen with familial ties there or old citizens working there, there's always our embassy to help and to organise your safe return even if commercial flights are banned. So, what is the concern?
holy shit how do people act like saying she instead of whatever your pronoun is , the same as torture
But technically the 'further further notice' should never be read since it's currently an infinite loop between the first two notices
I learnt that even a comedian can lead the country well but we can't even pick a proper clown for ours
I wasn't being serious. To be honest, if someone is worried about their future in Singapore and annoyed with all those complaints, they likely do not have the financial ability nor the career options of moving overseas.
my mom works at a gym and now close again- my current f&b place also closing down this week fuck i need apply for another part time job and pray they accept me or else my family's going to go broke what the fuck god damn karaoke lounge people
Pretty sure I'll get downvoted for being arrogant but here's my 10 cents If an average Singaporean keeps this mentality, thats all they are ever going to be. If anybody relate to that post, great. Don't fucking whine about it. Do something about it. Period.
No nation does deserve any service. But people, be they around or behind the horizon, they do.
One might say the silent majority showed up and booted the Christian fundamentalists out. It is therefore curious why the Christian fundamentalist view of gender and sexuality is somehow attributed to the silent majority as a shield for the Government's inaction.
If it makes you feel better retirement doesnt exist in our land of the free either
Smart, I'd do the same if I see a credit card screen too. No way am I going to fill in the details for something that may charge me money. But I haven't stopped long enough to reach this phase yet , usually just walk past them and ignore to the max. This type of sales people are like predators looking for prey.
Eh. It depends. 99.9% is 4 orders of magnitude difference from 99.99999%, but a 0-100% graph wouldn't show that well. Fact is, there's multiple valid ways of displaying data to emphasize different things. Maybe you do want to show the absolute difference. Maybe you want to show the relative difference. What matters is that you're being honest.
I'm laughing so hard at the mods struggling to delete comments. They seriously thought that most of the people in the GC were part of their group and not silently laughing at them for months they're a joke with everyone I know in real life
180mm guns can cover the whole of Singapore even from landmasses across the sea. along with a force not known for efficient logistics. good luck
Certain religious people's moralities are more driven by who's going to hell or heaven rather than whether things actually hurt people in real life.
If that's your point, then I don't see how it's in your place to tell others to stop complaining about the measures in place . We're not so single-minded to be unable to juggle both.
It's really how much pattern the tenant can chu. Got one dw pay last month say got deposit la etc. It's quite mafan and tiring to be honest.
That is their tactic to never let you get a word in and say no, they will just continue talking until they get you to sign whatever shit that is. Don't even entertain their hey what's that you're wearing Eaay tactic, just be on your earphones the whole time, if they try to talk to you, just wave off and gesture that you're on a call. Better yet, if you have a noise cancelling earphones, you truthfully can't hear what they're saying and you don't need to pretend.
Honestly I never understood why I had to be in school by 7 15 when classes don't even start till like 8 15-8 30. The whole Gathering for assembly and flag raising was so utterly redundant
spend whole day on com do job search, rest to play game for a while and my dad walk past, Son, ar why you no put in effort find job, whole day play game nia.
Just wanted to put here that this is is not from the current conflict but rather a photo op from last year I believe where the threat level is still relatively low. But with regards to your question, I rather they continue to pursue every possible form of diplomacy to end the war ASAP that Singapore in currently in during war time then come down to do photo op and add on additional security concerns on the front line.
Such a reactive step. The Government could have taken preventive steps. But nooo. We need to maximize our GDP at all cost.
10. Systemic SMRT operational failures - removal of 2 CEOs in succession Not to mention triggering the partial nationalisation of public transport
Looking back, it was ridiculous how it was acceptable to pass these things out in school.
An even bigger irony Part of the Ukraine national guard is made up of the Azov Battalion, which is a far-right extremist and neo-nazi unit. I don't how that works under a Jewish president, but it somehow does
How about the Government should have expanded the Healthcare system capacity further more to cater to the ever-increasing population? Our hospitals have been operating near full capacity and hospital beds have been lacking long before covid happened.
I went to the GP to tell him about how my Koffing was evolving into Weezing
If ComfortDelgro up their digital game and start modernising, they'd actually win the market share they lost to Grab and Uber years ago.
Of all things, they decided to completely ban gyms and fitness studios which have not contributed to any known community cases for months. There goes the only thing I have going on in my life besides working and studying haiz.
this is exactly why the cpf scheme is flawed - you cant have a scheme that deals with both retirement and housing needs.
In India, some high castes think that the lower caste is dirty and untouchable. In Singapore, some Chinese think that the Indians are dirty and unfavorable. In the US or Australia, some Americans or Aussies think that the Chinese are dirty and diseases carriers. This is the life! This is how it's been. First of all, stop changing yourself to please others. You will never ever reach an end there. Please learn to ignore these racist people. Build your confidence, starting from now. The world is a wonderful place when you start to ignore the garbage on it. by the way, your writing is good for your age. Think about building your career around it just a friendly suggestion. edit grammar and presentation
Okay then i think you need to re read our military doctrine. The offensive part of our military isnt just the airforce and commandos. The real damage is when you go in and enforce a buffer zone. An airforce can't do that. When i say defend, i know it means mounting my BX or terrex or lst heck even a 5 tonner, crossing the border and shooting some enemy soldiers on foreign soil. Don't need to be pedantic about the word defend.
I woke up in the morning at 7am and immediately went to wake up my parents. I explained to them how I'm dreamgender and dreamsexual but they didnt even know who dream is, boomers. I had to explain to them its a sexy minecraft youtuber and how Im connected to him emotionally and sexually. They didnt get mad at all yay! they just stared at me with a blank expression. I think theyre proud of me but just dont know what to think of it yet since it came as such as shock to them. I tried to show them a video of dream but they werent really interested and told me to go to school. in school the first class was english so I told the teacher that I had an important announcement that I would like to tell to the entire class. Yesterday I prepared a short powerpoint presentation on dreamgenders and dreamsexuals to make them better understand. I explained how dream is really hot and how I feel a deep connection to dream and how he is my soulmate and my identity. The teacher was so amazed I guess she didnt know what to say she looked like she was smiling. When I finished explaining why dream is hot and awesome, I started clapping expecting everyone else to do the same, but they didnt. My best friend didnt clap either which was really weird but maybe he was also surprised since I hadnt told him either. my teacher ended up being the only one clapping, so Im really thankful to her. I thought they didnt get it so I tried to explain in simpler terms that I love dream and how I am dream. Some girls were giggling the entire time so I called them out on it saying they shouldnt be laughing when I have prepared for this moment for so long. Then they started saying really dreamphobic things like saying its stupid and makes no sense. I explained to them why its homophobic and see close minded but they didnt listen. Then some guy called me a stupid fucking nerd which made my blood boil. I challenged him to a duel in minecraft which he didnt even respond to and his friends were just laughing. Everyone else was silent I thought that they secretly supported me but just didnt want to face the same oppression dreamgenders and dreamsexuals have to face every day. Then the teacher told me to get back to my seat and started the lesson like nothing happened. I told her I wanted to show the class a compilation of minecraft manhunt best moments but she didnt let me do it. After the class a bunch of my classmates came to me and asked if I was joking or what and I tried to explain it to them but they were just making fun of me and saying Im weird and a creep. it was awful. I was bullied a bit before but now nobody wanted to talk to me the entire day even when I tried to show my ''friends'' not friends anymore, theyre nazis apparently some dream videos and discussed minecraft speedrunning they didnt respond at all.
Now this, is tough love. Some people just don't appreciate what they have until they lost it. To any French person who happen to be one of those who protested against Macron for this decision, I'll have you know that the international community supports Macron's decision there are some protesters holding placards to urge the international community to oppose Macron Your Government is giving you a key to salvation that many in other less fortunate countries are dying for, yet you still reject it in the name of liberty? Sure you can have freedom, but not at the cost of others! If you still insist on not getting vaccinated for reasons other than medical issues, then you can continue to have your freedom.in hell. And in case my fellow Singaporeans are wondering, I'm not just talking to the French.
Russian shill has appeared. You mean they're using Neo Nazis Wagner Group to wage an imperialistic war to reclaim former colonies in Eastern Europe?
I've been in schools some might consider 'top', and the moment I work in jobs that are considered 'low skill', such as in customer service, attitudes towards me have been shockingly terrible. I have worked as a cashier in a supermarket with my friends all junior college peeps and I can say I'll never work there again unless I have a good reason to. Many aunties and uncles sighing impatiently, arguing despite their miscalculations of prices, thinking as if we are the dumbest of the lot. Some even have the gall to tell me the prices of the goods are lower than the DISPLAYED price as if expecting me to give them a discount. If I refuse as I should then they'll refuse to purchase the item and of course I'll have to walk to the aisle and return the item for them. And of course I'm slow I'm a part timer without 17 years of supermarket packing experience what do you expect? These trash-like people mutter their complaints loudly enough so that I would hear but no one else could. If they do that I would purposely slow down and hum a cheerful tone just to spite those shitfaces. Thank god I'm a part timer so even if I get complaints it wouldn't even affect me. Think about the full timers and the shit they have to go through. The auntie that mentored me and my friends told us that 'the customer is always right' and to always 'let the customer win'. She told us this knowing that we would encounter trash within our short working period there. And we definitely did. This culture of looking down on the 'low skilled' in Singapore is a true disappointment that I had to find out for myself. The stigma is real but very low key. This experience really gave me a whole lot of newfound respect for those working in the customer service sector.
Is this photo recent during the fight right now or at a previous exercise? I love this man and all he stands for. Stand strong Ukraine
I mean. after lengthy deliberations and intensive brainstorming, the Government would probably solve this issue by finding a way to get even more singaporeans to video themselves standing and clapping. that'll fix this crisis for sure.
our core values are represented by 3K KKK ? Men in white robes going to pay a visit to you
They knew what they were in for and they did it anyway to take a stand, that is brave
And? What's your point? You stated nobody forces sexuality. Conversion therapy is where people try to force a specific sexuality on LGBTQ people. At least acknowledge that you're wrong. Do you see the word marriage in healthy heterosexual marriage or it's just me? Healthy marriage is between people of opposite gender. Nobody tries to judge sexuality. And do you see the word healthy ? The judgement is that anything other than heterosexual marriage is unhealthy. There was absolutely no need to include the word healthy if that was not what Ministry of Education intended.
Why don't we send all the safe distancing ambassadors in to fix this. They're doing a great job wagging their finger at people.surely they can do something similar in the hospital?
Good. Then we can stop with the farce that LGBT folks are kith and kin and whatever rubbish attempt at reconciliation when the truth is obviously not the case. How can you say they're valuable part of the society when your words and actions say otherwise.
I think he got overruled, don't forget he has 2 other colleagues on the task force with him who are extremely conservative
How come so many singaporeans still can afford private property of $2k psf and above?property prices also not dropping. Something must be missing.
Im just really pissed off by the fact that some of my ex rv friends are posting things like oh my god why are you taking photos of the poor students, please leave my juniors alone yet his ig story background is a reposted photo of the students. brother you do realise that you are also spreading the photos of the students right? Also, saw one of my ex batchmates posting this essay on his ig story saying like oh ya this is why i hate rv because ive also been bullied, i was depressed blahblahblah IM LIKE brother WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT YOU WERE THE BULLY PLS i clearly remember this dude always making stupid and hurtful comments about girls in the cohort who he thinks are 'ugly', and he will make it obvious to the girls or make fun of them in their faces. oh my god please stop making use of this unfortunate incident to gain attention or make yourself relevant. smh
ALEXA PLAY ASTRONOMIA. But in all seriousness, they'll probably get a cushy job at some Government-linked company.
I feel cheated that I've cycled past this place countless times but decided not to post it here, thinking no one would be interested in it.
you are comparing a conscript army vs a professional army? Of because US will be better. Why don't you compare us with the neighbouring countries?
Yup, every kid usually goes to school with a prepared lunch by their parents. I remember the first thing my mom would do in the morning was to defrost the sandwiches so they were edible by lunch time.
yeah. his identity and to some extent the entire lee legacy, Lee Kuan Yew etc is tied so closely to singapore they'll probably go down with the ship if it came to that,
Well, it's just based on my own experiences with women. There's no basis really so it probably is not true.
in my opinion it's the management people who told the ministers thta they are coping well to score points. No one wants to be the bringer of bad news
Possibly the sheer amount of cases wasnt anticipated in such a short space of time. It's sad but there's a ceiling when planning for as many eventualities as possible.
From RI, at least for my class in secondary 2 there was a unit on homosexuality and the teachers were pretty chill discussing it, throughout the four years they use the standard heterosexuality material and all the be scared of sexually transmitted diseases and sex material but it depends on the teacher tbvh because most of the teachers I had for Sex Ed were more liberalistic in their interpretations and instruction only like one or two in my experience were the 100% serious HPB's word is god kind but the ratio is 50-50
That's unfair. Just saying if the couple educated with polytechnic or university qualifications with decent salary of 5-8k each after say 5 years they should be allowed to live nearer to city or have kids. Life does not have to be so unfair. This problem is just something which is systemic and Government hasn't fully addressed the macro economics. If Housing and Development Board didn't suddenly go on a build-to-order building spree the last 10 -15 years it would be much worse. If they didn't suddenly pop up so many polys and unis the last 20 years again education will be problem. Same for healthcare and pubic transport etc. It's all catch up. For a small country as ours we can plan better. and address some of these issues earlier and not wait till everyone is so unhappy and frustrated with life. Government planning is a 24X7x365 job to get the formula right. or as best as they can. At least give it a decent shot.
Hi, please consider e-mailing or messaging your representative this. You opinion will not be heard if you don't get civically involved. Also as a side note you are advocating for the Government to adopt the views of the minority, which isn't the point of a democracy. Extreme cases are Thailand and US Capitol Riots. I get what you mean, but our goal should not to be to oppress the majority it should be to change the mindsets of the majority unless you don't care about democracy . Volunteer, start a campaign, work with your elected MP, I do not know. But start somewhere and get involved to have a stronger voice.
I've encountered quite a few of these types and what I do is immediately shake my head or hand when I see them approach me. If they don't take the hint I'll just keep walking. Yes, that can be rude. But it's also rude of them to keep bothering me when I already said no. They always give up when I just keep walking and ignore them. Since they can't technically chase you all the way.
there is already an app for smart phones that acts just like the safe entry gateway box. the place where I work has been using it for months. you can also configure it to check for vaccination status in fact, a redditor in this sub even kindly link to that webpage. but, many business owners make it like assembling a PC. there is nothing advanced about it just an app which uses bluetooth. nothing a smartphone can't do.
Well, technically it was MacPhun's Intensify CK.app but I take your point. Not the most subtle of effects. I'm still learning.
I dont understand how this is not allowed in Singapore. They are not robbing people in daylight, they are not trying to cheat the system. They are highlighting a problem in Singapore that they didnt like, and expressing their distaste in a peaceful manner. If you are making peaceful protests impossible, you are making violent protests inevitable. You are stifling people's right to express their personal discontentment peacefully, until they are unable to suppress it any longer, than violent revolution happens. We have seen it happen so many times around the world. Hong Kong protests, Russian Navalny protests.
So if he fires at the suspect and I misses and hits a bystander that's ok? If it kills the suspect that's ok? If it it doesn't miss , passes thru the suspect and hits bystander? That's ok? Probability of all those cases happening is far greater than a falling bullet strike. Given the busy road.
I feel WP benefited the most simply by not joining. Look at that SDP dude who stumbled at his own prepared opening speech
Me too! I had never wondered why the school is illustrated on the back of the $2 note.
Government is all talk about having children because theres no disadvantage for them,only future job takers,while the people having the children take the brunt of the costs, so Government has all the reason to encourage children, but we have little or no reason to.Honestly saddening
Your 1st comment literally was talking about sanctions and everything you've said about them is outright wrong. You do not understand that sanctions are not all unilateral at first . I don't give an F if it's legal or illegal. Of course you don't. You don't even know what you're talking about. Sanctions most definitely are not always unilateral and do not always start unilaterally. You are wrong on these 2 counts in the first place.
Can we just leave those anti-vax boomers, stubborn old folks, and karaoke lounge goers to die or something along that line? At this point, I have just about 0 compassion left.
MOH has clarified on this point Basically, if group of more than 2 people in the same household needs to be together to take care of elderly or young children, they will close one eye.
It is never easy to toughen up through these situations. It will break your heart, but be proud. Proud of your mom. I hope everything will tide through eventually.
Even the guy is trained, he probably only took a couple lessons. As bad as this looks, he could easily do 10 times the damage if he had the intention and know how.
Since you put it this way now. I totally agree with you. However I think if people wanna get a condo, sacrificing their retirement funds for a better house, those people themselves are to blame, not the scheme and opportunity. Allowing us to use our cpf to pay is an option. You COULD HAVE bought a HDB with 50k but you chose to get a condo for 200k. It's like what you said, people have to thinking for themselves and reconsider to lower their Budget.
Scary situation. So rare to see handguns being used here. But the commentary behind is just
wonder whether the people here remember the age of the 5Cs. credit card, condo, country club, car and errrr is it cash? that was fail as fuck the people now haven't gotten much better. low appreciation of the arts, no values no ideals. many people don't even have actual pursuits beyond eating out and going overseas and they are ok with it. that said, there are a lot of fringe groups in singapore enjoying all sorts of niche shit. just gotta go look for them
I think the question is more along the lines of how exactly can we ensure that our conscripts perform like Ukraine's and not like Russia's? In this case, I believe it's a question of motivation rather than tactics. Ukrainians are putting their lives on the line to defend their country and family. Russians soldiers are fighting a war that many of them don't want to while the economy of their country is crumbling. There have been many reports of Russians troops being risk averse in their approach despite calls to be more aggressive from the people on top. In other words, the average dude just ain't willing to sacrifice their life for a pay check that has just dipped 30% since a month ago while their mortgage interest just went up by 20%.
Congrats, singapore's last handful of black and red broadbills are now your problem, just dont kill them i guess
Has anyone tried TADA? I heard they have cheaper rides and take very little commission from the drivers
You are way off base brother. I am pretty sure you'd defend harder if it is someone invading you than if it is you invading another country without reason.
If the protest is against my cause and peaceful Im all for it. Because part of being in a democratic society is being acceptable of opinions I am not agreeable with. Case in point, i agree that the climate change protest in Singapore is warranted, but its proposals are not realistic and unenforceable. And the issue with disturbance of peace is that that is the disturbance of your peace and my peace. But to the trans people protesting for their cause, their peace has already been disturbed. They are not able to attend school normally in their desired gender, how are they feeling peaceful at the moment?
I still remember people inside my station in national service scoffing at the outrage about cancelling free parking for teachers. Justifying working hours and workloads while literal police officers have to use normal parking or ballot and pay for if they are working within DHQ.
It's my duty to god as a insert affiliation to put him first, please understand! I feel for their family members and loved ones hearing that. These people ask for too much. Because people understand that the religious person put God before everyone else, they're upset!
So this guy expects that his cpf can pay for housing, medical expenses and still have enough for retirement? And no need to save a single cent from any other means for these? No wonder they say singaporeans expect the Government to take care of them.
Is this the same minister who said I help you, I help you to the old man?
i wonder if they're just adventuring and found the treasure trove of koi or were they forced to expand their hunting area due to lack of fish?
rather it shows that unless you are a NATO member you cannot rely on other countries for defense. if the US and even other europeans will not defend a country in europe, they certainly will not defend a country far away in southeast asia.
Shame is the only thing these assholes understand. Leak it to world press and let the fun begin.
Pro CCP - Anti CCP - 2 Propagandish but at least they tell a good story
I remember back in secondary 4, they had all the sec4 girl and boys sit in the hall and had all of all watch this long ass skit or drama video of kids partying and what not and how you shouldn't have sex or something, I swear I don't get how that video taught us anything, literally could hear the kids behind us focusing more about the bad acting rather than the actual 'issue' that they were trying to point out.
Contrary to popular opinion here, I'm glad that the arrest happened. I'm not a fan of civil disobedience taking root in Singapore.
Maybe the emergency medical services staff is on shift? A 13 hour SCDF shift means we must go buy food in uniform between calls. We don't change up just to buy lunch. If not, it's a waste of time. Most likely the guy was in half uniform. If it's the hospital's ambulance driver, also same thing. They usually have lunch or dinner on shift in uniform. Used to do emergency medical services work in national service.
First off its not me and my friends. Its the vast majority of Singaporeans who thinks that way. It's just who thinks otherwise I don't even think the People's Action Party who actually has popular mandate via a democratic vote is confident enough to make statements about what the vast majority of Singaporeans think, so it's a bit funny to see this here.
Nice wedding is optional, and depends on your partner, but costs about the same in the US or Europe. If anything, the fact that this is what an average Singaporean has speaks to the fact that the average Singaporean is a bit more affluent. Housing more affordable than most cities of comparable size and development, even after accounting for median wages The retirement part is just financial mismanagement and bad advice. How would you retire on less than 161k anyway? You speak as though cpf gives you a rotten deal or something, when in reality 161k would only give you 10k or year of inflation adjusted returns optimistically if you invest it all, with substantial risks of a 2008 or 2020-type loss considering you'll be retired for likely over 20 years. The max you can draw down is 15k or year if you expect an optimistic annual return of 10% and inflation of 1.5%. The way to get out of that situation is to downsize into a ssmaller hdb.
I will upvote you because I think it's ridiculous that people downvote you when they have a different opinion. That's not what downvotes are for. How do we have any healthy discussion like that? You have made some valid points, and good MPs are appreciated by their constituents for their good work on the ground. That should be acknowledged. Others might have higher ideals for their MPs but it's different facets which constituents are entitled to hold.
Prob seen as the good guys to the conservative majority actually. Just need to look at the reactions on edmw to know. Its probably only thats fully supportive, not saying that its bad or anything of because but this sub is just not too good representation of the general Singaporean public.
Should then propose to make smoking or drinking illegal but don't enforce it at all. Since it sents a moral signal too
USA won't only have 1 death, cause the student would've brought a rifle instead of an axe.
They were 100% ready to get arrested, so I'm pretty sure they think it's worth it.
no way, at the time in my p5 batch, all my classmates had phones with Instagram, meanwhile I had no phone so
experiencing excess flooding of the a&e With mild cases? It's rare in europe at least. people tend to avoid the ER there unless they have to be there. Obviously I can't speak to every single country. is still 130 people getting hospitalised every single day Note that in singapore, about 630k people were hospitalized every year even PRE covid. So even 130 extra a day is at most a 7% increase. Not exactly earthshattering.
Triple upvote for you sir. Upvoted your posts from and because you deserve it
I think I phrased it poorly, I meant to say, to not complain about there having restricting measures, because there are people asking for borders to be opened, normal activities to resume without preventive measures etc, which in my opinion will definitely cause more transmission. While they are calling for life to go back to normal, it's like they neglect the healthcare worker who are the ones facing the brunt of the situation. I can't speak for the healthcare worker but imagine having to go through what they go through, and then see people asking for measures to be lifted, knowing that the system is already overloaded, they probably feel super helpless. I don't know how does the Government think that the healthcare system is coping well, maybe in terms of hard numbers like number of wards, but these numbers are made up by having the healthcare worker work more hours and taking away their rest. I agree with complaining about the current measures and the general response of the Government, because many things the Government had done are ineffective and caused more problems than it solves, and they do so to suit their own agendas. Maybe its a good thing that this is happening instead, as others have pointed out, it exposes many systematic faults within our healthcare system, and hopefully the Government will learn and improve the welfare of frontliners in the future.
This country is jacked. I mean the whole world is jacked in their own ways, it's just how you're exposed to it.
Like what the other commenter said, that is the Pomodoro technique I use , there are some instructions on that page for how to use the timer. Hope it helps!
Why would anyone think the OP is spoilt? From what I can see she's working a job during spare time to make her own money. Fair play to her
I feel bad for the hawker centre stalls. Can't they give open air non-airconditioned hawkers an exemption, while still limiting the table group size to two, with social distancing?
Its 20 USD because their currency fell by 75% since 2008. And everything there is much cheaper. A Big Mac meal there just costs 3 dollars. Personally Id take 20 USD a month for a 1 year conscription. I could make more working for the next year at McDonald's then in national service.
Yea, the s elected presidency and various other issues do grind my gears. I am not pro- People's Action Party, nor am I anti- People's Action Party. As long as competent and can get shit done, my vote will go to them. My only worry is highly competent Jamus might have made a mistake running in Sengkang group representation constituency where most people are happy with the current People's Action Party leadership here. He should have instead ran in places like Punggol single member constituency where he would be able to easily wreck People's Action Party candidates. I'm definitely fine with Jamus winning here, they would definitely maintain the high standards la I'm sure of that. I'm just worried we can't get this golden man his deserving seat in parliament due to where he is competing.
the late 80s and 90s babies are mostly starting families now, we might see a change in a 5 years or so! hopefully
Condoms are pretty useful against sexually transmitted diseases, which I can appreciate, but they're going to have a pretty limited effect against cancer, and clearly either people don't want to use them or they have no significant effect if people are dying from gay sex more per capita than from smoking. It's a sex-ed letter, not just about marriage . And we're moving away from my point, which was that calling it unhealthy is about as homophobic as calling reality homophobic I bear no ill will towards homosexuals, so I'd rather they stop cutting their lives short by 20-30 years from gorging their sexual appetites.
What I'm trying to say is that most of the defending won't fall on spineless strawberries but on the special forces who are sent to neutralise the enemy or airforce pilots, which not many of us are. So. it probably doesn't make much sense to argue with people who say they won't defend Singapore, because when the time comes we are all dead regardless.
what the fuck? AGGA trailer so turn off.honestly npt even funny anymore.ABTM 1 or 2 were good.3 or 4 eh.not bad.but AGGA .just no.
This kind of shitty things happened during severe acute respiratory syndrome and I won't be surprised if they happen again. However, I'm not sure how true this story is. Can the driver sleep in the ambulance after their shift? Doesn't the next shift use the ambulance?
Kind of depends on what your definition of soul is right? Like more power to you if you're the tree hugging sort that loves the great outdoors, but I feel the same sense of soul when eating at my local kopitiam, with the caipng auntie and uncle that say hello to me and we catch up for a bit while I pay. Soul is what you make it out to be. I mean, don't go looking for soul in a Capitaland mall la, but it's here if you revise your outlook on life
Be careful what you wish for. What if the referendum shows that the majority wants 377A to remain? That's exactly how Brexit came to pass.
Didn't lose shit! After five long years of training for this she came fourth. In the WORLD. You. Go. Girl!
I've just brought my two young children to Singapore. We moved from a 3rd world country with failing infrastructure and rampant corruption. We had to live in a gated community with 24 hour guards, and we couldn't walk or ride bikes on the street outside because violent crime was so extreme that people who did so were often mugged. I personally knew a man who was stabbed to death for his bicycle. I had absolutely no hope for our future in that country. Unemployment there is over 40% If you don't want to have a family in Singapore, I don't think the location is what's stopping you. And there's nothing wrong with that. You don't HAVE to have children if you don't want to. Not having kids means having a lot more disposable income and a WHOLE lot more independence. Want to go on a spur of the moment skiing holiday? You can! Want takeaways for dinner 3 days a week? Go ahead! But, if having children is something you really do want to do, I can't think of a better place to do it than Singapore. I may still have my rose coloured glasses on, but I really think a bit of perspective goes a long way.
even if vaccinated you can also carry wat, so wats the diff? Theres no proof you dont carry as much when vaccinated right?
Capitalism breeds a very competitive nature, which stifles a feeling of real community artificial prayers nonwithstanding . A strong us vs them mentality.
I will never understand how property appreciates even though the lease is 99-years. Can someone explain to me like I'm 5 years old?
sorry - I was referring to the first one about how almost all females have a level of sexual attraction to other females, more so than males.
Lots of idiots here. Like days ago got some even calling for the boycott of the Russian supermarket in Singapore. but how you know if the poor owner is not just an ordinary chap just trying earning a living in Singapore? Maybe he or she started the supermarket in Singapore just so that he or she could be far away from the Putin regime as possible? And now you want to boycott his or her business for crimes he or she didn't commit? . It's like foreigners overseas boycotting singaporean businesses setup in overseas countries. Why? Because the People's Action Party did something bad. But that doesn't mean we innocent singaporean citizens did that bad thing, and we might not had even voted for People's Action Party. So why unfairly punish us for actions that are not ours and that we have no control over? So fucking stupid
Me, dragging myself to the clinic in a middle of a raging migraine just to get an MC. Sometimes I don't even feel well enough to step out of the house until the evening, and the clinics might be closed by then. At least there's telemedicine now, but it's also more expensive.
I realised that. I just thought a more local insult along the lines of kepala buto or cheebye would be more fitting.
Sometimes it's hard to see how it's a problem for everyone because it's not a problem for you. Until you face it yourself, only then you'll know the pain of being hurt for something you had no choice in and cannot change. I'm sure you're a good person, you've just been taught to live only in cold harsh truths, but what you really need, my brother, is just a little empathy.
It's pretty much inculcated in the school culture, I think? Anecdotally, my multiple personal experience with ACS old boys have been like this and the tribalism is just cringey.
Since human beings are our only resource, we abuse the shit out of it. What do you mean the supply is running low? Just breed MORE! The Government, maybe.
Yea, that sucks. Having an optimistic mindset is hard when your life is like a hamster wheel.
You bring knife, police is allowed to use gun alr. The punk charged the officers with whatever weapon in their hand, if you were in their shoes would you go for the less lethal option? Personally, I would have done the same. No time to relocate to another firing angle also. Either you take the shot, or you or your buddy gets seriously hurt.
Can 4D chess this one? Maybe the best way to repeal it is to file a bunch of police reports.
I worked at customer service once after my national service, while waiting for university. A really well dressed parent came up to me and submitted some documents, and started chatting with me. The usual questions, then there's the oh why are you working here? I just finished my national service and I'm waiting for university Why working ? What are you going to study ? Work for fun and experience . I'm gna study engineering Oh good good. I suppose you didn't do very well for your A levels right ? That's why you are working here instead of studying. I was getting confused and annoyed at this point. I've already said I'm waiting for university the reason im working and why I'm not in university yet because the acad year hasn't started for me , mental facepalm I just told him my A level results and he just kept quiet thereafter. I don't understand how the small talk evolved like this. Seriously grades aren't everything. Your character, your personality, your choices , your actions, are more telling and more significant than 6 to 8 alphabets on a 130gsm piece of paper. Be a good person in real life. Don't just be a good person on paper.
You are right. Watched NDTV New Delhi Television to see how the news on the surging covid cases were being reported and the journalists lambasted Modi and attributed India's plight to his leadership, insisting he steps down as the PM. They even added how the figures that the Government reports daily are a severe undercount and that the actual numbers could be seven or eight-fold.
His part two is preplanned from day 1 and complete filming and editing already. It's all a money grab. One movie split into two to earn the fools' buck TWICE.
This is really heartwarming, thanks for sharing. The different shades of blue go very well together.
Beyond deposit yes. But smells cost more than 2 months rent? If its more than that, its probably a deeper problem than cooking, no?
Pls remember that this is the same guy that took a selfie with the N Korean mass murderer leader as if they were frens. His ethics and morals have disgusted me from a long time ago.
The only way I can see them getting off lightly is if more of us actually write in to our respective MPs to highlight their plight that despite their contravention of certain laws, their cause was in equal parts justified and ignored by authorities. They have been so brave, we cannot simply give them lip-service and move on.
We should send our racists to Mississippi. See how they like being on the receiving end.
What's the point of your question? What's the point of studying? What's the point of working? What's the point of marriage? What's the point of anything ? Only you can answer those questions. We have our individual values and priorities. They probably are very different from yours and won't make sense to you. For me, having children is one of the best decisions I have ever made. Singapore is one of the best place to bring up a child. My children are well-loved and happy. They enjoy school and have great teachers and wonderful friends. Their laughter and antics bring much joy to us. The affluence of the society means that they will have good jobs in the future. The fully subsidized education means that I know they can complete their education up to secondary school. The well run healthcare system means that I can always trust that they will receive the best care if they ever need it. The security here means that I don't have to worry my hair out if they reach home late by 5 minutes. Their future is uncertain but bright. Global poverty is on decline. Access to information and education has been unprecedented. Famine is almost eliminated. We are in the period of the longest peace in human history. Gender inequality is on a constant decline in most parts of the world. Technological wonders which improve our lives in so many ways are being invented everyday. My live is much better than my parents. And my children's childhood is better than mine. They have already experienced more, travelled more, learnt more, loved more, laughed more than I did at their age. They have less to ask for and less to fear from. I can't wait to see how much better their lives will turn out to be. Back to your question. What's MY point of having children? It's never about the point . There never was a point . Personally, it just is. It's not a decision matrix, a cost or benefit analysis, an equation or a having an end-goal. Maybe it's as simple as basic instinct to pass on my genes. Or maybe it's because I really like babies and children, and people in general. Or maybe the magic of bringing a new life together with the love of my life is irresistible. It was an easy decision for me because it feels right. But that's just me. Would I have made a different choice in another place or time? Probably or maybe not. My answer probably makes zero sense to you and won't help you though. Because I am I and you are you. You can never live my life and neither can I live yours.
You have been summoned to appear in front of the Supreme Court of Authentic Fresh Milk
Talented with own unique style, continue to draw. You will make it big. All the best n stay safe.
ya i know right such selfish people on this sub. all of them should simply stfu, beg the Government for more restrictions so that the Government can continue to underpay healthcare worker and gaslight the population for it. how dare people on this sub bring up structural problems that plagued healthcare even before covid. how dare they dream of meeting people in more than groups of 5?!
Amen. That's what partially keeps me going, when I see my colleagues or team work so damn hard, I can't let go either.
Wait, i dont recall that it was CNB that investigated the Police. Wasn't it a Committee of Inquiry who investigated the incident, and not the Police failure specifically but rather the whole incident from trigger point to the police response. Only CNB link was Tee Tua who was Director CNB, was part of the committee. And I think it is a bit heavy handed to call it a failure, though this last point i believe is subjective.
Wow brother. Can I hire to setup parameter defence in a zombie apocalypse. . You seem very knowledgeable. Impressed.
Sorry for him but ideally he shouldn't be visiting malls right now either given that he is immunocompromised and the covid surge is going to happen. If I were his friend or family member I would strongly advise him to stay at home and only visit parks etc. Hope that he can stay healthy both mentally and physically.
He talks as if a small country like Singapore has the luxury of choice to not be a pawn, how'd he get his doctorate?
I do not know about that but from my personal experience I study at a Methodist school the parents would be rude as fuck but their children would look at me and mouth sorry and look embarrassed. Maybe our generation has hope after all provided that the nice kids' minds aren't being polluted with all that toxicity and elitism from their parents
Male vs female does not apply. religion does not apply. Race should not apply. Says who? You don't get to dictate how people live in a house they rent. You can't say this without an air of entitlement can you? If you think landlords don't get to dictate how their property gets protected, then they won't rent it to you. Plain and simple. If people damage your property they pay to fix it. You can pursue people in court for serious damage. But you can't discriminate and refuse to let to someone because based on their race or religion you think they might do x or y. Landlords just want the least amount of hassle. They want to get back their property at the end of the lease in good, if not better hands. It doesn't matter what you think or how you feel about it. Even if the tenant is willing to pay fully for deep cleaning, full house repainting and replacement of kitchen cabinets due to visual and olfactory alterations, landlords will have to fork out time to find people to do so and oversee everything. It's always funny when this issue comes up here. Whenever it's Indians facing discrimination in Singapore everyone tries to justify it. When it's Chinese Singaporeans facing discrimination in the West, people are outraged. I'm not trying to justify it, I'm spitting facts and how it is in the eyes of landlords. In the west, people of Chinese race have a bad rep due to PRC chinese, as they are also stigmatised and generalised here in Singapore to a certain extent. I haven't heard of someone getting targeted because they are Singaporean Chinese yet.
You can call people out while still being respectful , they are not mutually exclusive. BeIng respectful is a reflection of your manners afterall.
The only victims are peeps who are unable to get vax on medical ground, other than that the whole lot of them should be excluded even from taking public transport. Just walk or cycle or drive or grab wherever you are gg.
Some are inborn while some are influenced. Had this girl switched to being a les after experiencing a very bad breakup. Went back to being heterosexual eventually. She isn't a bi-sexual. So I think environment and influences do come into play as well.
Adults are just grown up kids with more money. One thing I've learned growing up is that there will always be cunts in this world. If they don't harm me I won't be starting shit though. I just make the best of my own life and let them be. Or maybe I'm already speaking from a privileged position. - Elite secondary sch and junior college alumnus
My friend says that the primary 3-4 kids she tutors send each other porn videos on their phones. times have changed
Yeapps but in today's day and age it doesn't mean what you're probably thinking about Of course you're going to have shitty parents who literally sell their children for money dowry or otherwise but usually it's just a token of appreciation for the in-laws! If the in-laws aren't shitty people, they'll usually give the dowry back to the couple as a wedding gift. to be honest if the in-laws don't do that, they'll probably be talked about by the relatives for being cheap too.
Seasoned educator here and I do feel very sorry for students of this generation. Just remember that grades don't connote intelligence but the amount of practice and money shelled out for tuition. As long as you know that you've done your best and you don't regret it eg by not being diligent etc , it is a good effort. Nobody cares about your schools and academic accolades in adulthood unless you're on a scholarship which determines your career path in civil service . These are the best years of your life. Make sure that you make great memories with friends and loved ones.
You're talking about me! So here was an answer 'It's a shop that sells food produced in Russia. By companies that pay tax to the Russian Government. Who in turn, use that money to pay for their Ukrainian holiday currently. In the larger scheme of things. It's certain that whatever I can spend there, wouldn't make much of a difference. But even if it's one less 7.62mm round for their AK-47s. It's one less round that can be fired in Ukraine.' Of course you're also entitled to your own opinion. Go support their innocent small business. To indirectly buy the Russian army more bullets, happy shopping!
In this era. Government scholars. sadly this school never had a chance, even 'against' dunman high, a similar sap school in the east. Most of us are farmers if we are even lucky to get into Government. Of course i can't speak for other cohorts, but it's from my observation of mine I guess the school is too focused on meeting arbitary kpis. It was mostly grades welfare, which sounds like Singapore Inc right.
yes, remember waking up and going to school polytechnic and napping throughout the only module for the entire day.
Its crazy how in other western subs they are celebrating the back to normalcy due to announcements of removing masks mandate soon but here its back to sqr 1 almost
Pick them up but walk in 2 groups, one group of 1 and one group of 2. This makes a really good P2 math question too Jane has to pick up her 5 kids from school. However due to Singapore's covid restrictions the maximum group size is 2. How many separate groups must they walk home in so as to comply with these restrictions?
don't. We have an extremely stable country, with decent education and an extremely clean environment to live in. It's extremely easy to forget all these positive things and dwell on the negative things. From a Singaporeans point of view especially from this subreddit, singapore is seen as the worst place to live when in reality, I guarantee, people from other countries are waiting in line to live here. There are cons in this country. But the pros are so much that this subreddit fails to understand and appreciate once and for all. I guess that's what the internet is for. It is to complain only the negatives every fucking time. While the ones who truly appreciate what we have will never bother to be so pessimistic and depressing. To your post, every fucking poin Spot on, brother. I normally use reddit for my altcoin crypto discussion and pretty happy with the result. Then when I typed singapore , found this negative aura on this topic.
I hope that's the case . All these politicians really like legendary pokemon, live so long liao, I never met any one of them personally.
I think if food delivery could train these guys to deliver your meals, it could mean faster delivery times
I've been there. Sometimes it's not the older generation but the millennials also. Was a university student doing a part time job at a food stall when a girl around my age 20 plus barked her order at me right from the start. When I accidentally got her order wrong she was not shy to raise her tone and even said, OBVIOUSLY RIGHT . It's so appalling. Sometimes I wonder is it a Singaporean thing. That people always look down on a others whom them deem as lower-class as them. Their rudeness is so uncalled for. I think everyone should try working f&b at least once in their lives so that they can learn to be gracious
If the guy doesn't want to come to work, he will find other means not to come to work, said Mr Khairul. This top notch response
Better start smoking so I can die early- oh wait, cannot. Neighbour going to ban me in my own house. .
This is true. The diamond ring is expensive and worthless if you intend to sell it . My wife seldom even wear it.
I was really hoping to see a snake today. Every time I go to PRP I look for vipers but have never had any luck, probably too cold.
The Scottish Government did the same thing, they gave a total number of deaths per vaccination status from the start of the pandemic. But they updated it weekly so people just subtracted the weekly difference and then it showed that 80% of covid deaths were among vaccinated. It sounds like the Singaporean Government is actively trying to hide something, by comparison the CDC and Scottish Government both admitted they're hiding the real numbers on vaccine effects because they'd make people question their effectiveness literally what they said . And the UK is now saying that 90% of covid deaths were among vaccinated people. Seeing as Singapore has been using all kinds of shady accounting tricks to give vague numbers, I think it's safe to say they have the same results.
Perhaps you're right that restrictive measures aren't going to lower the load that healthcare workers are facing. But maybe try having a little empathy. Who are you to tell someone else that their lived experience is not valid? Just because their grievances aren't visible to you, doesn't mean that they don't exist.
I absolutely agree that they have their rights to be complaining about the negatives, but the rat race of our society isn't really unique to Singapore. Earning money, getting a job, settling down and having a family, all these are reasonable expectations for anyone living in a metropolitan area. My main point was that I'm at odds with people believing we don't have a blessed life to be living in Singapore, because I wouldn't think anywhere else that would constitute a blessed life . It's not like if you move to America you suddenly don't have to work, or pay taxes or contribute to your social security. Unless you wanna live in a rural area or non developed country, I don't really see how you can get away from doing all that, in order to lead a blessed life
seriously, i didn't know Singapore still give dowry. such an old fashioned custom, and i thought it's quite demeaning for the bride too. are you buying your bride from the market? not virgin can get 30% discount?
At first I thought Russia is aiming us for our sanctions.then I read the other comments here
Being so high up on the MBS with the infinity pool gives you a truly unique angle and composition where the angle of the buildings are all perfectly vertical with the horizon. edit Wow, so many morons downvoting me. people usually spend thousands on tilt-shift lenses to get this perfect vertical angle for buildings when shooting buildings upwards. Being so high up on MBS gave him that angle freely.
The sad part is that beyond the waters it's not known that it's a racist country. Poor people come here hope to find a new home in a land that has many nationalities, only to be disappointed and frightened.
How old does OP thinks Lee Hsien Loong is. 70 year old liao you expect him to chiong sua? If you're wondering whether Lee Hsien Loong will stay in Singapore if there is war, I believe this was written in Lee Kuan Yew's book When the Vietcong unified the whole country, common thinking at the time was they will move further south and take over the region. Lee Kuan Yew thinking of sending the Wife and Daughter overseas He will stay because he is PM. Lee Hsien Loong will stay because he was a soldier. Going by that if war breaks out, I'd say he'd probably stay. As for his family staying? Doubt edit I went looking for what Lee Hsien Loong in standard battle order looked like. Here ya go Quite frankly if you see your PM or President in combat gear at the front line, you know we're beyond fucked
It's great that you don't look down on them. However, have you ever asked them if they felt like they are missing out on something in life or if they had suffered because of their sexuality? Although you never personally felt it, you might just not be aware that they have been feeling inequality. For example, they can't get married if they like someone of the same sex, which means they miss out on a lot of real legal and economic benefits. It's not just a paper documentation. Not to mention social stigma and discrimination.
I'll give you lunch if you buy me subscription. My phone screen is ready for YOUR credit card. Then start pushing your lunch into her hand and watch her reaction
This is patently untrue as evidenced by the IPS paper. As you can see, the people really dislike gambling. 55% say it is Always Wrong . Only 3% say it is Not Wrong At All . In fact, attitudes have only become more conservative with regards to this issue gambling since the last survey. Has the ruling party acted accordingly? Nope. In fact quite the opposite over the past two decades. So stop repeating this invalidated trope.
honestly tho hl has this sweetish cream taste that i like, havent been able to find that in other brands. its not pure milk but it tastes good to me hehe
Indoor masks don't work unless you are using the N95. Its so baffling that 2 years since, people still do not understand that covid spreads via aerosol. Surgical and cloth masks are only useful for stopping water droplets. I think this only changed after omicron hit, so cloth and surgical masks were arguably useful for the past year and a half at least. Does look like omicron has changed the game here. so we should actually be mandating N95 indoor masking then? Considering you are comparing one of the countries with the strictest restrictions vs one that is back to normality, 2.5x increase in numbers actually does not show that restrictions are working. You're missing the backdrop of how much less dense their population is Denmark population 5.8mil
If your sexual preference could be influenced, you would be able to imagine being interested in someone of the same sex.
Because you need time to climb the ranks and they need to be assured of your undying loyalty before they will allow you anywhere near any position of power.
For police to arrest, without video evidence, they Need a valuable arrestable offence. This video is meant for courts. The lockup will deal with him first. Then courts and hopefully prison
Somehow I disagree as a job hunter for now, I have years of experiences, but luck just not on my side. Being a newly employ manager can go as low as 3.2k in many cases. Even with so many upgraded course attended still doesn't bring my value towards most employers.
Am trans student. I'm honestly, just lucky. I lucked into understanding staff. I lucked into choosing to confide in the right people in the right ways. I lucked into being able to build the support system I needed. Even then I still struggle and suffer from constant fear and anxiety, even then I spent years and years stuck outside the education system being unable to find my way back in. There are so many kids who are less lucky than me. I've even spoken to a few, and it kills me that at some point all the advice I have to give them boils down to luck of the draw on whether or not the person they have to speak to is understanding or not. Trans students should not have to be lucky to have the bare minimum of being respected and cared for. These protestors are brave. And christ, that the police apparently thought it necessary to rush to remove and arrest a bunch of kids holding up a few signs is more telling about the police and the Ministry of Education than about the protestors. What danger were they posing? It wasn't even a major disruption.
Really? Irrelevant personal insults? Have you looked at your argument ? The slippery slope of gay marriage lead to incest marriage to paedophilia to goats and telegraph poles? Slippery slope perfectly describes your argument . And you still insist on lgbtqwhatever thingy , which shows your dismissive and insulting tone. But you can't argue and just go so predictable because you know that you have absolutely nothing to stand on without going mask off as a bigot. You have not yet owned up to being wrong about people forcing heterosexuality on LGBTQ people, nor about gay men being entrapped by the police. Throughout all of your posts, you have just constantly been using an insulting tone while insisting everyone against you is self entitled . Perhaps you should look in the mirror and reflect on yourself. Or are you going to continue with another oh personal insult blah blah blah predictable again? Do you have any facts that gay marriage lead to incest and paedophilia there are countries that legalized gay marriage so it should be easy to find proof if it is true . Or have you pulled everything out of your ass and refuse to listen to facts?
I think this is the first time I see a slashing incident happening in school, it is always outside the school
Who is this country ? The Government? Who is you ? I've never felt like I'm treated like a slave. Projecting much?
Actually it starts way earlier in primary 2-3 with endless homework and tuition streaming and psle stress. Being discriminated for being normal or in a neighbourhood school. Then O'level stress especially mother tongue for some mono logical and cannot make it to a good junior college or polytechnic course. Also max stress at a level. and some go into depression and anxiety disorders. lack of sleep. lack of proper food even!
My ex colleague, 35 now i think. No savings, every month saw him buy new gadgets, handphone, smartwatch. Company offer him to convert to full time, he rejected because full-time sometimes need to work OT or weekend. But then he always talk bad about his foreign colleague, People's Action Party no good, cpf steal money blablabla
I think their ultimate intention is to just lower the cases so that the intensive care unit won't be overloaded, and they are desperate now, so since the unvax are the minorities 20%, it'd be easier to just target them.
Yeah, I meant that line for if your relationship with your parents is neutral-good, and you're moving more for independence.
True. The idea actually is to use cpf for mortgage repayments, then use the excess cash for investments and yield at least above 4% pa. But a lot of suckers use this money to buy car, Reno house, or go holiday. Idiots.
Doubt so. The last demographics survey suggests that 80% of are Singaporeans. The survey is old, but from general sensing of the sub, proportion of Singaporeans should have increased
Oh come on, all the fuck China and CCP spilling over to Chinese hate, India and CECA. Suddenly it's all fine and dandy when it comes to Russia. White worshipping hypocrites
Would be interesting if they used hourly pay. Monthly pay equals to full time employee equals to cpf?
I would say there are parents like this anywhere, or any system, some of them might not openly express yhat attitude, but that doesn't mean they don't 'look down' on people work or study at low level places. It's great that you are very aware of and conious about this issue, and the good thing is as you grow older and start to counter more and more people from more diverse background, you would find most people really don't care much about these things, it's just some jobs and schools tends to have these kind of attitude more often than others. The real life starts after you finish your education.
frogman was good. It gives a glimpse of life in Navy for those who didnt get into navy at least. I watched frogman on the day it was released. Watched with my cousins. Really enjoyed it.
20% of 650 as stated in the article is still 130 people getting hospitalised every single day, and 1 out of 1000 severe covid cases with our current case numbers is still 10 a day. And my dude, you're tripping if you think Singapore is the only country experiencing excess flooding of the a&e
i also feel it in Taiseng UBi. I thought i was high just now drinking coffee just now ,
As always with any modern polarising issues, everyone takes the high ground until they have to deal with the issues themselves. I think universally everyone agrees that this is wrong, but that doesn't mean they will just take it head on. If they can avoid a potential situation, they will do so. E.g someone doesn't rent their house out to hippies because they have a tendency to smoke pot same reasoning I suppose. Every country has this issue. Are you in Japan? Well good luck getting rental because you're foreigner and nobody wants to deal with you
Think thats pedantic? In Amsterdam the I Amsterdam letters got removed at the Museumplein. The motion filed by political party GroenLinks deemed the sign to be individualistic, whereas Amsterdam should instead promote solidarity and diversity.
Didn't know that if you were baptized as a muslim child, it will preclude you from conversion as an adult.
i am so late and i dont even live in sengkang but i am SO HAPPY for sengkang and the wp team there! wish i had oppa in my group representation constituency
I used to go there all the time back when I was stationed at the fire station next door back as an fulltime national servicemen. This Mac was a gift. I don't know how I would have survived without it in terms of food.
Speaking of hum I really miss having Chao Kway Teow with big and fresh hums. These days all the Chao Kway Teow I come across has pathetically small hums.
If I kena this kind of thing, I'd say bisikan syaitan la best just to piss him off. Da' is one thing, your true faith to God is another. That is between you and Him and no one can force you into submission. Also, I never agree with preaching in public. I don't even think the guy is even established enough to be doing so. Spreading Islam is one thing, spreading misinformation or false words is another. While it may seem that he makes effort to call others toward God, his forceful methods are. questionable. Once I was approached by an older gentleman and he was trying to preach to me about prayers. Then he goes one big round telling me about why Islam is the true religion and we need stay on the true path . I asked him do you know about space exploration? He said no. I then told him that space exploration is a thing and if one day, humanity sets foot in another planet, say. Mars, 1. How do we transition from being a musafir to a muqim? 2. How are we going to establish prayers there? 3. Do we sujud facing any direction Earth might be in the sky? What happens when Earth is no longer in view? The fact that he couldn't answer shows his inability and lack of islamic wisdom. So I said goodbye and have a nice day because one day I might be on Mars we all know that's not going to happen to me .
holy shit this needs to be said here? damn is people so stupid nowadays or they just take things at face value or maybe they think bootlicking Lee Hsien Loong and not my president can get them money
I don't think we should jump to conclusions and assume that the school wants to save face - other reasons may include making sure any other potential perpetrators do not have time to delete any evidence. Besides, making sure videos are not leaked out is surely also in consideration of the parties involved - especially the victim.
If you want an insight as to why Singapore policy is still so lacking in this aspect, look at the last few lines of the letter. Based on respect for the values and beliefs of the different ethnic and religious communities . You think the Government really cares that much wether or not you learn about sex early, or that gay is just a figment of your imagination. No, its to preserve that ethnic and religious harmony. Like it or not, the newer generations philosophy on sexual orientation is just not that important yet. Yes its gaining enough traction for it to be discussed in the general public, but it does not yet have enough support to counter the religious hardliners. The hard truth is that most people just don't care. Disagree if you want, but our democracy still works well enough that if the general public at large goes from indifferent to support reformed sex ed, repeal 377A, etc etc, the Government policies will change. If you ask me, its not a matter of if its a matter of when, unfortunately the time is just not now.
That's why the Pledge only says Regardless of race, language or religion , they don't give a flying fuck about your sexuality. Just churn out babies to feed to the corporate machine It also goes against the last line of progress for our nation because of the refusal to progress at all
Idea . Next time just answer, We can get you the numbers. But let me say this. What is the point behind the question?
I thought their planes couldnt fly even before this russian war. Now russia is broke as fuck no way they will honour any warranty . I meam they didnt even honour a treaty with ukraine much less with malaysia
Indian here. No you're not racist for banning flights from India. No sane human will consider this a racist move but rather a cautious move. PLEASE DON'T LET THIS VARIANT ENTER YOUR COUNTRY . I've seen some shit over the past few weeks, I don't want you people go through the same.
court is however not supposed to determine morality, but legality. so, a more fundamental question is whether it is correct by whatever rights are supposed to be provided as per the constitution. I am an Indian, and I am not familiar with the Singaporean constitution. However, in India, despite a very conservative population, 377A which we inherited from the British, as also in Singapore was successfully repealed by making a case that its existence was in contradiction with the rights enshrined in the constitution.
Agreed. It'll depend on the talents or capabilities of each person. Why default to administrative role? There have been exceptional women servicemen throughout history, and yet we are stuck here with gender roles from the 80s. Men and women of a nation should have equal access to the facilities to protect their home, loved ones and themselves. This is coming from me taking notes on napalm Molotov cocktail recipe and tank vulnerabilities.
I think can let them return with 1 month quarantine and have a separate passage in the airport for them, if there are costs associated with this, charge the passengers.
Because it's an important distinction whether a person is just being an asshole, or a person is being a racist. Like if you're going to condemn someone, condemn them for a right reasons.
I read the Quran decades ago when I started dating my husband. He keeps insisting I never actually read it, because if I did I would have converted. Ugh.
Nothing to apologise for you did the right thing by raising awareness of these scum parents.
Anytime fitness at Djitsun Mall used to give me discount at Texas chicken just down stair
My secondary school even got someone who transitioned mtf and then detransitioned messed with my head big time ,all this messages. I knew what transitioning was I just convinced myself i couldnt and shouldn't, for a long time. Hope its going well for you now
otter 1 eh you want gongcha or liho? otter 2 nah I prefer koi otter 1 say no more
I just booked my national service-FIT programme. Can I even go to that? Please SAF waive my ippt fr this year too
Much more man. Family member earns 8k for working 25 hrs a week at gp clinic. You want to chiong, work 6 days a week at 8 hrs a day, that's 23k a month at 120 per hr.
The ones medically unfit for vaccination currently are those who have allergy to the first dose of the vaccine. Those who don't vaccine are mostly by choice.
Banning anyone from returning? Even from Wuhan we brought people back and did you complain? I'm willing to bet, no. Did anyone question the loyalty of people there? people were asking to stop China flights, only to be told they were xenophobic. The only racist here is you.
Locals don't want to be nurses because our Government has never made nursing attractive for people.
Friend was paying 1800 for just the master bedroom at Caspian 7-8 years ago, which is next to this place
There have been some MPs who support LGBT for example Baey Yam Keng who featured a trans person on his social media, and Shanmugam who visited a home for transgender people if I remember correctly, amongst others Yeah I'm saying that it's unnatural. I'm not against it, but I'm just saying that you can't deny that it's unnatural. You have to use copious amounts of lubricant and prepare for it or end up with bleeding and injury. It's an inaccurate analogy because you're using the wrong body part. Again, nothing wrong with it in my opinion
I'm so sorry you had to experience that as a child. Thanks for this comprehensive write up!
The number of sian has multiplied by infinity. For the f&b it is instead the saltmines all activated at once.
i agree. his speech on how they are monitoring intensive care unit capacity to decide on tightening measures is the closest thing we've come to a bloody roadmap. so many ministers sitting on the taskforce and we still haven't seen any hints of a roadmap.
Thank you If you could spread the word to your grandparent or parent or uncle or aunt or friends on being kind to the next healthcare worker they meet, every gesture is appreciated sadly, being respectful is definitely not a given. . I've seen too many of my colleagues yelled at, scolded, physically and verbally abused that it seems the norm these days.
like shit. Practically any world leader or public figure worth his or her salt leading from the front already kena covid. These two plus many other here afraid to die until no tommorow. They won't even meet the people you think they'll share a fire trench with you?
Imagine years from now telling your kids your claim to fame is a middle finger on national day
Geopolitical relevance not as in their relationship with Russia, but all these countries' and our relevance on the world stage. These are all small players who hold little sway. And if Japan isn't a good other comparison for you, what other country would you like me to reference? The classically neutral Switzerland? Australia who isn't even remotely connected to the European continent and have only shared economic relations with Russia in recent years? How about Norway? Kenya? Even China despite their wishy-washiness has created distance with Russia due to this conflict. How much more assurance do you need that this is the lowest hanging geopolitical fruit Singapore will get for a long time?
yea man and usually it becomes a vicious cycle where parents pass on their elitist mindsets to their children and they pass it on to their own children etc. Even in my school I've met way too many people who have absolutely 0 eq and hold so much prejudices against neighbourhood schools. We can say that their intelligence quotient will not help them in the future etc but the truth is most of them will still become very successful in our pragmatic society. Honestly doubt if our society's mindset will ever change but to be fair its not only a Singapore thing . Elitism is pretty much present everywhere
I got conned into listening to their sales pitch even though I had my ears plugged in to music. Like most free trials nowadays, they require you to put in your credit card details and after the first month they'll deduct the subscription amount. So make sure to unsubscribe before the trial ends. I did not even use the app once. Future experiences with them I just told them I already signed up for the free trial. They'll back off afterwards.
And yet you rather Government spend money when commercial airlines are taking on the monetary risk of operating currently
You're slowly understanding that this not mandatory ruling is a wolf in sheeps clothing. When you're slowly removed from society from not accepting an experimental vaccine, it's basically the same as mandatory .
So parade is still on with a thousand people congregating, but I can't take my vaccinated family for dinner. Seriously what the f g s t. Cancel your NPD or let us out to live our lives.
This is not like elections in the 80s and 90s where People's Action Party say liao means its the truth. They still wouldn't be convinced otherwise. Insert Patrick Star Wallet Meme
Didn't buy a ticket but I'll probably still work even if I win this sum of money. I like what I do and I like having something to do that brings me satisfaction when my work is appreciated. Maybe just on a more ad-hoc basis. Being too free makes the person stray and start to indulge in unhealthy things that may lead to addiction or other problems later on. Starting businesses are prone to losses and is tiring too. I'll just keep the money as back-up, buy a spacious comfy property and then live the same way as I do.
Man I started in April, went one month and boom gyms closed, went again and boom pain for a week, went again and boom vaccine can't go for a week, finally been going consistently for 2 weeks and it's closing again. Life just wants me to stay weak.
I have a genuine question. Can a person sexual preference get influenced, or is it inborn? As in a straight person turn into homosexual or vice versa just because they get influenced or encouraged? I think schools should teach kids how to accept and be inclusive, especially when come to minorities when it's not much of a choice to begin with.
as far as i know, christian women can keep their faith when married to a Muslim man. I don't think there's any prerogative for him to want to 'convert' you? The only mandate I remember is for the children to be Muslim, but we don't have to discuss that far.
Yeah, said it that way because I dont even know if they have official rankings or whatever. Been awhile since I've even been near to a secondary school.
Honestly, this isn't sexuality education. It's sex education. It's not about sexuality. It's just about all the horrible diseases you'll end up with for fucking around. It was and still is a whole lot of bullshit.
We established official diplomatic ties not because of the Tiananmen incident. The late timing of it was to show neutrality towards China or US or something, I recall Lee Kuan Yew talking about it in a book
well can i post my friend codes here edit 7792 7766 9996 0721 7365 3344
Hope that means they start showing vaccination status on the SafeEntry checked in page. Otherwise, queues to enter malls are going to clog up so bad. Always thought it was kinda slow when you had to show check in status and vaccination status separately and it would slow things down.
This is a straw man argument as to why is failing and refuse to change. Because doing what it's currently doing is driving it to the ground
This is not just an empty gesture. Consider that Russia has some of the most sophisticated cyberhackers in the world. Making this stand entails costs to our own cybersecurity as it stands to reason Russia will not look too kindly upon those 82 co-sponsors for the resolution condemning Russia's aggression.
Laws are created by our society. Whether or not a law is unjust or not is ultimately determined by the moral values of our society. You can definitely try and start a war if you want, you just face the proportional consequence of that, just like the protesters. The entire point of their protest is to be judged by the public eye. Whether or not this will lead to any systemic change does indeed depend on the feelings of singaporeans on whether or not this is a just case. So to finally answer your question, yes.
Reddit has always been an expert at deciphering context from short video clips. It's very easy to be the right person. when you aren't there.
But then they paid for him for three years afterwards? That's the confusing part of the story given the level of abuse.
I mean, those pesky relationship could make you stray from studying, what happens if your precious grade drops Or gasp what happen if you get depressed if you break up ? Won't that bring down your grades even more? I am being sarcastic
Think about what you're saying. You're repeating the clean Wehrmacht myth. That soldiers were just doing their duty and couldn't question their orders. The Nuremburg Trials have shown that is not a viable defence, and that said defence would be thrown out immediately. Committing war crimes because your superior told you to is not justified. And 'civilians didn't know about the genocide' is another straight up lie. Everyone knew that the Jews were being killed. Where else were they being brought to? Why did all the Jews leave and never returned? Why did those who returned speak of atrocities and murders? Why were the authorities so hell bent on rounding up all the Jews. Claiming ignorance is just another excuse that civilians used to pretend that they were clean of the Nazi regime. The US forcing civilians to visit the camps were to make sure they couldn't play dumb anymore, not because they didn't know it was happening.
nobody claims to have the kind foresight needed to prepare for this kind of scenario. typical keyboard warrior talk all the theory only, you diversify the sources but are you willing to pay 15-20% for your BTOs and other construction projects? Or that one paid for by reserves again?
You can only take away when unvacinated on a day that starts with T, the sum of the digits of the date is divisible by 3, or if the top prize for 4d for the day is a prime number.
Good stuff. Citymapper features in a very modern user interface. Hope they have a plan to branch into private hire cars too.