! Anybody use staycation for catching a few winks before 2020? The soft comforter and 18 degrees temperature without noise pollution kids at pool . Money well spent!
! edit In case there are people out there really wanting to know the Sigma Male meme, you can learn more here
! I'm sure most religions started as a coping mechanism for the living as we all know life sucks but if a religion is also sucking out your life then maybe we don't need it?
! It was more of a Rocky reference than RL! But yeah! Lots of Radchenko is the movie universe!
! Most overworked people take care of old folks, kids, errands, housework, part-time studies, and some still must cook for the family. So if they want to spend 91 mins playing DOTA while jacking off best 1 Min of the day , I wouldn't blame anyone complaining about tiredness.
! Same same. I did that last week when these purplish t-shirt guys asked Do you read books? Do you know about Storytel? I told myself, What is this new? And I said, Sorry, it's not my interest to share with you
! That's the funniest thing I have heard for a long time! The most successful youngsters in my organisation are those with strong family support, very well educated and confident. Most are still staying with their parents except for those who are married. The so called independent ones usually don't even make it pass 1st round of interviews.
$40m spent on the parade and the only thing that people're gonna remember about it is this. godspeed, young prince
$8? Need a review. I heard their ice cream with that cow face tasted really good
'Boy . kong show you a video from when I was young. That time, kong very famous.'
'Fake news'? You must be joking. Who does this story hurt? What malicious agenda does it propagate? 'Fake news' is disinformation created to mislead for political or financial gain. All this story does is remind its readers to have a little more respect for the healthcare workers, in a time of panic and paranoia.
'Member the days when all we had were expat and tourists asking the same questions over and over again? Pepperidge Far- never mind.
'my parents were abusive enough that by the time I left home at 15, I'd been waterboarded and had my fingers broken multiple times for minor infractions.' - what the fuck this is a horror movie plot!
'Penalties' can be subtle like a snub in decorum gives higher title and pay to the silk parachute noob while YOU do the heavy lifting to vetoing your promotion as 'senior management feels you are not ready' to the extreme where you get a dead-end portfolio and finally forced to quit or request for transfer. I know a really stand up lady who refused to play ball even she was a senior director in government agency. She proved herself over and over but they always parked her in 'deputy' roles in various depts or task force which meant she worked like crazy but never gets any credit. Finally took a toll and she requested to leave the agency. She was outcasted in the other agencies. Truth be told, talent and bureaucracy do not make good bedfellows despite our best intentions.
'Scuse me while I save this post. I feel quoting all this can be useful somewhere in the future.
'Serious incident' at River Valley High School involving secondary 1 boy secondary 4 male student assisting with police investigations
'The nail that sticks out gets hammered down' is the japanese proverb. We have talented, devoted civil servants in our agencies for sure. Problem is that the higher you climb, attention to your persona or beliefs or leanings inevitably come up for scrutiny by your superiors. Some are looking for suitable prot g to set their legacies, some need to surround themselves with fanbois or gals.watever. Sooner or later you'll feel pressured to align yourself with some quarter or party or godfather. One piece of advice that i've found consistently true is that someone who acts like he's helping may not actually be, and the reverse someone who appears to be sabotaging you might be doing you a favour. My heroes are the folks who stay above the politics and draw clear lines. These folks, unfortunately, are getting rare at the top level these days because they often get chopped mid-level.
+1 re looking through the tenancy agreement properly. Compile a series of photos of the condition of the place before moving in and send it over to your landlord. Tenancy agreement should allow for some wear and tear so make sure that they can't make you pay for minor wear and tear related things. A friend got some stains on the curtain and she offered to launder the curtain but the landlord replaced the curtains completely and insisted she pay for the replacement curtains. She took the case all the way up to the small claims tribunal and even brought the curtains to court whereupon the judge concurred that it was a minor issue and laundering it should have been enough so she got her money back. Pretty crap situation to be in all in all. Check for things like aircon servicing - will the landlord arrange for this and will they pay for it? Also make sure that the tenancy agreement has your landlord's details incl national registration identity card and home address. Should any dispute arise, oftentimes the police will be unable to help yet another secondhand experience involving bedbugs and a withheld deposit and they will ask you to go to the small claims tribunal. However, you can only serve your landlord a claim if you have their details. Getting an agent is actually better as landlords tend to mess with you less if you have an agent who knows their stuff. Good luck to everyone taking the leap!
+1, anyone still remembers ABC? Probably the only reason why my guy friends understand how reproductive health works is because we all took pure Bio in secondary school and we all had to study the mensturation cycle. Like imagine getting sex ed from science class
+10000 THIS If you have backbone, you'll immediately turn into the biggest target and get shanked by all the promotion-hungry bandits. Never again.
, agreed. Same as our society. School - work - build-to-order - work - work - work - die
, but 110 rupees can only buy you a plate of Chicken Biriyani and cost of living is higher compared to the north. Regardless, people are suffering on that beautiful country because of corrupt POS politicians Our 50 dollar notes are still paper, so what's with never paper?
, he's gonna watch this when he is like 18 years old and go the fuck was I thinking Kids do dumb shyt, we all do. His caliber too power already,
, I got the same experience. They wasted my time, I wasted their time. She asked a lot of personal questions then finally asked me what topic interest me if I were reading a book. I said straight away math books and trading books, ended up she shared her shitcoins crypto investment portfolio which I destroyed right away and scaring her to gtfo shitcoins, . From the coins she mentioned, pretty much I know she is bagholder. But I gave away good advice tho she wasted my time, dca fucking schd or iwm or vwra, have better fundamentals than shiba inu, doge, whatever shitcoins she has. Consider her lucky because quite chio, maybe mask effect , I usually try to waste time of this kind of people in a more frustrating way when i'm free
, i was trying to relate to Dolly Parton's song with the same name Working 9 to 5, what a way to make a living, Barely getting by, it is taking and no giving
, if only you had cropped a tiny little bit - or used content-aware refill to remove that line in the top right.
, if you're of legal age and you're not on good terms with them, you don't really need to tell them in advance. Just rent, move things over a few days, then poof. Remember to collate the important life doc like certificates from educational institutes, licenses , I'd, birth certificate etc and have them securely stored prior to moving
, just one question, what makes you think your mentality is absolute truth while my mentality should stay in 60s ? That's a rare case of self entitlement even for Reddit Don't bother to answer, it's rhetorical question
, later the clusters shift to supermarkets that fall within that category, resulting in the government extending the restrictions to those spaces too.
, less than Japan where you're obliged to work late AND get plastered with the bosses on weekdays. I wonder where Korea sits on that chart
, not discounting Mr Huang's actions, but I don't think any responsible and loving parent could remain at their jobs after receiving a message like that. You'd have to be a real heartless or souless individual if you could continue with your current activities while your flesh and blood is in that situation.
, people sometimes go hero and think they know how to spell a name when its literally a name. Nothing to change except you type or write it the way the person gives it to you.
, reminds me of that ricky gervais bit about being heterosexual but then gradually weaning yourself onto cock
, resounds with me from 12 years ago. Except instead of rice, it was a carton of Farmhouse milk and I was like what the fuck, so expensive? Now I buy almond milk regularly and it's normal.
, screw that all you need is a criminal willing to steal it all in hopes of distributing it to the poor i.e Robin Hood style
, sure sure, blame the many bloody boring rigs deployed that's been digging for over a year and now then decide they induce tremors
, thanks for the correction. Kinda remembered we had +7.30 GMT in the past, but I guess even that was a little off.
, the lifehack to this is have a wife who agrees that all this is pointless. Side by side we can take on and shoot down all family requests that we find pointless. We are doing this for each other, and to share our joy with you. Not to give y'all a show. Because of her support, don't need dowry, , banquet, engagement ring all. And for wedding we purposely restrict to close relatives only plus booked a small place 2k rent . No wedding shoot, no wedding gown etc. End up still can profit. TL DR, as with life, the wife is the most important ally.
, the police will call it non-seizable and ask you to sue, you need public pressure to make them do something.
, they already make those noises, and I have accepted that they'll likely leave the inheritance to my older brother. Jokes on them, he and I agreed to go 50 or 50 on it.
, they cry mother cry father at the slightest discomfort much less injury. Just STFU useless keyboard warriors. Proud of her fighting spirit or salute
, this is the sort of education you get at Yale NUS? Glad it's shutting down.
, what can they do? At most call professionals to come catch the otters . If I lived there and saw security guards chasing otters, I'd pour myself a cup of tea and watch this once in a lifetime magic.
, why does our dumb government want us to be involved in this anyways this is so stupid
, yes the camo of course! It's the camo that effectively hides you from the big bad covid.
, your this statement is heartbreaking and makes a lot of sense, cause if MMTF will do what they're doing to their own countrymen, those foreign workers barely even register on their minds
--- NSFW --- I have stabilized the video for you It took 60 seconds to process and 44 seconds to upload. &nbsp how&nbsp to&nbsp use
-A bit lengthy, TL DR at bottom- I had decent marks in school, enlisted in the Army fresh out the gate. Did a solid eight years of service, and have worked general labor at a factory, worked retail for four years, and finally got the chance to work for a security company that acknowledged my skills and history instead of telling me I'm over-qualified as a lame duck excuse not to hire me . If I had a dollar for every time some parent or elderly person looked at me at any of my jobs outside of the military and had snubbed me as some inept, lesser class citizen, I'd be able to retire by now. There's no sense of common decency in some folk. That's just the way things are. I chose to work retail because I liked interacting and socializing with people. When I worked as a Cashier and later as a Customer Service Manager I've been harassed, spit on, and told I'm worthless because I don't have a job that provides a benefit to society, and that I must've been a crap student that couldn't land a better job . I work contract security now, because I like making people feel safe, and I have the skills to do so. However, I wanted to have less stress than being a full fledged police officer. I'm in shape, polite, and yet I have folks who look at my uniform and snub me as 'mall-cop' or 'rent-a-cop'. Sure, like they let mall cops work a research facilities and power plants. TL DR - Could not agree more with OP. Everyone needs to take a step back and rethink the morals and values that they were taught when younger. Be respectful, be courteous, and try to be a decent human being. Just because someone works a job, doesn't mean they are any less or better of a person than you are. They are there, because they want to work, and provide a service, and earn a living.
. Adjust your expectations. The whole idea of living a meaningful life has always been a privilege of the rich. The vast majority of people throughout history have always just been trying to survive. It's just that with social media, we get to see so many people living the dream life, and then think that everyone can get it. Adjust your expectations. Buy a smaller flat, have a less expensive wedding, don't assume you need to pay for your kids university education overseas. Find smaller things to take joy in.
. and in the good old days, they may even commit hara-kiri. People's Action Party truly leading by example
. But yeah, likely true story. Even i f when they are on NS allowance, b u t they are willing to die for our country and FTs.
. Did anyone complain when they came back from Wuhan? You're saying like it's either ban or do nothing, we live in the goddamn 21st century we can adjust quarantine measures do any other thing, this ranting for a ban and questioning people's loyalty stinks of racist overtones
. first time hearing Singapore imposing sanctions on other countries. but seems like no choice , we need to stand up to such a bully, else other will be tempted to copy him sia.
. I am glad I wasn't the only one who have noticed that those 2 fellas always seem to be diehard People's Action Party defenders in just about every thread related to local politics. I normally can't remember any reddit account usernames in general, but the consistency of those 2 fellas became the exception
. I have no idea to be honest. I think it's because it's not on either extreme of this news and just wants to focus on the actual debate - which interferes with the popcorn grabbing!
. i told him i am not going to have sex with all the nurses. Just the chio ones. I have standards
. I won't say all, but certainly more people can afford to live a better life that they desire.
. it's a subway. He knows there's no referee. He's not a wild dog, incapable of rational thought once the fighting begins. This is just a savage beating by a person with no conscience.
. No. The person you are replying to was trying their darnest to tell you that this photo was taken in front of ICA and not TTSH. Not that it should be taken at ICA instead of TTSH.
. or people capable of critical thinking and thinks Bill Gates is the source of all their trouble.
. Stuck up fucked up parent. They will unlikely be here to read your post, but still good effort to share your experience. I did not come from any 'branded' schools besides my University not that there are many in Singapore , so when relatives talk about school and shit, I'm like where's that? Oh man, the gasps.
. The other unfortunate corner of AMK. Seems like we'll have to wait till the next election and hope our neighbourhoods get folded into somewhere where decent opposition will contest.
. Then it makes perfect sense doesn't it. Ministry of Education is trying to convince fundie parents the SexEd in school is not trying to turn their children into little gaybies and slutlets. Better they sign up for Ministry of Education's version of sex ed then listen to some religious gobbledygook demonizing birth control. TLDR it's a trap!
. Warning shot is allow in SOP and officers don't shoot to kill. I guess desk fulltime national serviceman also can claim they serve SPF and know everything.
. What a leap. Do you also think that the CNA reporter covering the story masterminded the protest?
.aka.so much more easier to manage. Imagine if he had to handle a country where a change of rules can result in protests and riots.
.and that's also a problem right there. When people want children, they always think of what the child can do for them. They never think about what they can do for the child.
.and this was what inspired Lionel Shriver to write We Need to Talk About Kevin. Parents will always wonder about nature vs nurture.
.trying to wfh through all the renovation noises. Of all the items you mentioned, this one hits closest to home. That's why I chose to go to the office even during the worst of the Pandemic back in early 2020. And I'm taking NYC subways, homeless men everywhere. It was a shit show. Still better than staying at home.
.was I not supposed to be doing this? There's no sign. How was I to know? Where am I to get my daily drinking water from now?
1 life loss, 1 future destroyed, 2 families broken. My heart goes out to friends and family, stay strong.
1 of 3 brothers whom at one point in their careers were Chiefs of Navy Peng and Airforce Khern or Meng and CDF Meng . All that superior genes still couldn't hold a candle to Le Chad.
1 ring to rule over you. And henceforth you'll reply with whatever, you say dear , no, it's my fault , you are never wrong, always right .
1 this protest has nothing to do with 377a 2 on the topic of 377a, courts said up to parliament, parliament says up to the public. So actually public discussion is absolutely warranted for 377a. Currently, support for 377a stands at 55% of Singaporeans, it's not fair to characterize the other side as just a 'vocal minority'.
1 Yes, polytechnic equals to Polytechnic 2 I don't think there's a stigma with going to polytechnic, though Junior Colleges that prepare you to go to University are more preferred compared to other countries that have polytechnics, a majority of Singaporeans going to tertiary education choose Polytechnics. My source for this is Section 2 Enrolment Polytechnics 71,436 Junior College 29252 Institute of Technical Education ITE 28508 The tertiary institute that gets a bad rap is ITE.
1. Marriage and kids are optional, and even so, it's universal. If you want to have an expensive wedding and give your kids international school treatment, that's on you. 2. NS no choice. Also, juggling work and life is a universal thing. 3. Housing in Singapore is still relatively cheap as compared to the rest of the world. If you go to Australia, NYC, San Francisco, London, etc, the houses there are much more expensive. At least in Singapore, you have housing grants and the fact that foreign investors cannot anyhow buy HDBs. 4. people also have savings outside of cpf. It's not the only savings account you should have. 5. Average life expectancy is 83, so most people won't die in their 70s 6. Yes, perhaps we can do more for the elderly, but this post doesn't go more into it. Sickly aging parents is relative. I'm lucky to have parents who can take care of themselves. I strongly disagree with the last line. Singaporeans are indeed blessed as compared to the rest of the world. Safety in Singapore is 1, healthcare won't bankrupt you, and standards of living here is relatively high. Saying that Singaporeans aren't blessed because of a hamster wheel that is pretty much universal and more pronounced in other countries is disingenuous.
1. Observations of personalities are hardly fact. 2. Note I am only against rent. I am very pro owning your own property.
1. President Halimah is of the same race as your most famous Malay fighter from World War Two. I suspect she would say. 2. Lee Hsien Loong has balls. No, he gets shit press but he does. I think he would stay. The ones you will see running are the new citizens who have OIC cards or can use Singapore a stepping stone.
1. Some research have mentioned that the cost of your wedding is inversely related to the length of your marriage. 2. Sales of balance, resale home, 3 room flat etc. Remember you do not have to live in tiong bahru or queenstown. The average price of a 3 room flat outside of those areas are around 250k to 300k, maybe capping out at 350k. With a downpayment of 25% which is around 90k and 210k in loans for 30 years 3% the monthly payment will be 900. A standard university or polytechnic grad pay would be around 2.5k to 3k so together it will be 5.5k. 38% of 5.5k is 2090 which means you would have around 1.2k in your cpf left over. Lets say you are left with 800 in your OA and your pay do not increase for 30 years, your money compounded at 4% for 30 years in the cpf will be 591k. 3. Are kids necessary? Are you having a kid to satisfy your in laws or are you really in it for yourself and the kid? All im saying is that context is really important. If you want to chase the luxuries in life or live for other people's affirmations, you have to bear the consequeces of retiring poor or you could get really good with money. If you live a simple and contented life, money would not mean much to you.
1. Totally agree I'm not having a fucking event because I'm not important enough as a person to have people give me money so I can celebrate . I'm also never going to anyone's wedding because fuck them 2. Can't afford kids ? Don't fucking have them folks 3. Fuck the car I used to walk 4km home in the sun they can take public transport for all I care
1.7k++ sgd just for 1 ROOM in silicon valley? Wth thats even more crazy, and i thought Singapore housing was terrible
10 bucks says the people blaming ordinary Russians for the war are the same folk who get upset when westerners blame all Chinese for covid, hypocrites
10 years of reservist which will most certainly be increased in the coming years . This would probably piss off far too many voters, the sheer level of grumbling unleashed would likely be beyond control no matter how much NS award or milestone cpf bonuses you throw at it.
100% agree on domestic worker bit Unfortunately, I don't see it as something that will be improved. Let's not get started on the foreign workers on construction sites too
100% agree! My fiance and I decided it's not okay to bring another life into this crummy world and he got a vasectomy. I have been talking to him about us taking in LGBTQ+ kids or teens who have been kicked out of their homes because of their sexual preferences. My gay best friend was kicked out of his home at age 17 when he came out to his religious family as gay.I took him into my home immediately. I'd love to help out more kids in the same position that need a loving home!
100% agreed. A lot of my university mates and colleagues all went into the field with bright and hopeful eyes, wanting to make a difference in the world. That shiny exterior slowly got eroded away by 100 workhour weeks, working 3 weeks in a row, 30 hour shifts etc. Not to mention the administrative load and crazy families verbal abuse that we have to deal with. There's only so much a body can take physically. And then seeing your non-medical peers who are equally the cream of the crop, decent family backgrounds earning 4-5x that you are, with half the hours. It's hard not to wonder. And when you're constantly physically and mentally drained, I don't think anyone is thinking about inspiring the next generation or being engaged in ground breaking research. We are all just trying to survive every day.
100%. I feel like the least i can do is inform whoever ignorantly sends me the false info. people in the boomer age are at high risk with how they share random videos. Probably not a good thing but when i see it online on social media i cant help but draft explanations in the hopes of some people realising their mistake. In fact, i have seen youtube comments where people at first espouse the russian propaganda and after being informed, acknowledge their mistake. so i think it helps.
1000H-2200H, 6days or wk, no PH or weekend off. 14day MC and 7day AL upon confirmation Pay includes OT, meal and travel allowances
10k in middle-age is a trap. I see colleagues think they're missing out if they don't upgrade so sell hdb buy pte and suddenly a bigger mortgage. Then slog on when they should be slowing down because mortgage, kids going to university and paying off the new luxuries a middle-aged 10k earner deserves.
12-39 year olds have a higher vax rate for 1st shot than 70+ year olds now. It's only a matter of time before we pass them in 2nd shots too.
12. Little India Riots 2013 - Inability of Police to handle, CNB investigates Police failure They blamed this purely on the consumption of alcohol
15% of them. Out of which a significant number are unvaccinated because they are not mobile. And all. The remaining unvaccinated by choice sure can make a big dent in the economy I am being sarcastic
18% includes kids under 12s la, they aren't approved for the jab yet anyway Excluding them it's above 90% Unvax in the single digits already government red herring to distract u from moving goalposts and it's working
2 senior engineers at my dad's company have decided to resign and go back home after this news. Good luck boys. Beginning of the end. If anyone has any questions about moving to Europe or America, I can answer them.
2 x illegal knee to a downed opponent and 2 x illegal elbow to back of the head.clearly the guy is trained and he should know how devastating these shots are, he is in for a very rough legal time
2 years of fearmongering in an effort to drive the vaccination % status we are so proud of?
2. sobs. plus 2. equals. I SAID 2 + 2 - 7 EQUALS WHAT? Canes assessment book Addendum The number of updoots is pretty worrying, yet unsurprising at the same time. We all have a shared pain.
20 min later Eh brother I found a nice place to eat want to come? - otw
20% of a large number is more than 40% of a smaller number. Even 5% of a huge number is a lot of people. Percentages can be very misleading.
20% of all unvaccinated elderly above 80 cases died. vs 3% of all above 80 fully vaccinated without booster and 1% of all above 80 fully vaccinated with booster
2010 GRAB we are going to monopolise the entire economy, from deliveries, logistics, transport, payments to digital banking! Give us your money because we are TECH! 2021 GRAB we are all that but worse . Not only that but we are slower in roll outs, more inefficient, and even with backing from huge sovereign funds and monopolies over APAC, we still cost more. Practicality and execution catches up with novel ideas.
2011, sometimes I look back and feel that George Yeo and Lim Hwee Hua , lose already then give up. Ragequit. It's like one time lose, then feel aljunied not worth the effort anymore. This should be unpopular opinion. edit feel that they should stay on, showing to their opponents that the moment they fuck up, People's Action Party have minister level MP to retake.
2nd summer break with essentially a 2nd circuit breaker. what did my batch do to deserve this
3 MPs are allowed to speak wholly in mandarin. LTK and lee bee have been known to do it in my opinion.
3 murders in a week. Ang Mo Kio murder was a 5 min walk away from my home, and this one is only a few blocks away from my friend's home. Not even gonna bother going outside other than for work for these next few weeks, maybe months.
3,000 migrant workers being allowed to go out on weekdays and 6,000 on weekends or PH amounts to approx. a mere 1% and 2% of the total migrant worker population in the construction etc. sectors in Singapore respectively. Progressive easing is a joke.
30years old - i start my loan repayments on my hdb. Hopefully at a mortgage of $1400 and a combined monthly contribution between my wife and I of $1600, we have a surplus of $200 cpf OA. meanwhile i start my own retirement savings plan. and not live from paycheck to paycheck. 55 years old - i finish my mortgage payment, but I continue to work, increasing the amount of savings i keep. both my kids are now in university. maybe they get a scholarship. but mostly they have to be self-sufficient on their allowances. 62 years old - retire and start living off my retirement savings. 65 years old - my kids both move on to their next stage in life, i downsize my 5room to 3room so my wife and i spend less time cleaning and take the chance to declutter before we actually pass on. 66-70 years - depending on my retirement savings so far, i may have to start drawing down on cpf Life. but who knows
3rd most upvoted post of all time in congrats OP and prepare for your article to get stolen by one of the local news sites!
4 Deploys Internet Brigade They are busy in another subreddit thread making fun of LMW's stutter.
4 pax, roughly just under $30 each. But there was a 1-for-1 dumpling platter offer so maybe without the offer it's $35?
4% of the non fully vaxed 60-69's population died, while stuff all % of fully vaxed died
40% of Singapore who are PRs and foreigners will mostly run away Leaving those locally born and bred who have been mostly left out by the government during peace time to fight for the country. Though we always tell our friends that wewill run when war comes but jokes aside, I believe most will stay and fight as this is our home and we will protect our family who are still in the country no matter how government has neglected us
4000+ upvotes. That's a hell lot more than most posts. You expected to be downvoted, but you weren't. Maybe you have more allies than you think? I call out casual racism among people I know well, even my boss. And I only do it because I care about them I don't want them to be in the position where they hurt someone without intending to. And I expect them to call me out on it too, and they do--because I too am a flawed human and also prone to being careless sometimes.
4mil+ of us vaccinated individuals have to pay the price for these 200k clowns. edit those who have a valid reason and are not eligible for the vaccine shouldn't be faulted. But for those who willingly choose not to take the vaccine, I have 0 compassion for them.
5 meters night time firing. can't remember the exact distance . 5 rounds no time limit. Firers. WATCH. YOUR. FRONT.
5 years ago I would have dismissed it outright but recent events have brought my misanthropy to new levels.
50-50, A study of identical twins vs fraternity twins provides a clue. Identical twins are more likely to share the same sexual preference compared to fraternity twins. However, the fact that identical twins can have different sexual preference despite being essentially genetic clones of each other shows that it is able to be influenced after birth as well. Though personally I don't care how someone turns out homosexual,I just know that when it does happens, they can't help it either way. We didn't choose to be heterosexual either.
51.1 seems low to be honest. If we include the commute, I think I'm working about 65 hours a week, and I'm neither the first one in or the last one out. I don't live especially far from the office either.
5yr AHPETC smear campaign only to cede Punggol East back to WP in the form of Sengkang. L
660k or year is mayor. Pretty sure ministers are paid more. Not sure though, correct me if I'm wrong
6k upvotes, you're already at the top of the year for Although for some reason it's not appearing there yet.
7.5 hours of sleep aint so bad. Personally i try to get more than 8 hours of sleep, plus i dont have a firm time to get into my office unlike my subordinates.
8.30pm? Try 8.30 am . All the GPs and polyclinics in my area were fully booked and I could not get any treatment nor MC for my 24-hour migraine. ALL. OF. THEM.
80 to 90 hours with a 6 to 7 day work week is mind-boggling. I cannot imagine working such long hours. I think even if the pay was a lot I wouldn't be able to take it. I had no idea the banking and finance industry kept such long hours. I have 52 hours this week and even then I'm struggling.
80s kid here, RV felt like that had a chip on shoulder thing bubbling under the surface admission was 250 odd vs Hwa Chong 260+ and the communist glorify Confucian and China mindset. YMMV
9-5 is the luxury, if it's not 830 to 6 not including OT. I don't see how to have a life outside of work when it's so demanding, much less a family
98.4% of cases have minor or zero symptoms. This means nearly all who catch covid recover and keep living, indeed they gain natural immunity which is being proven to have much greater prophylactic value than any vaccine in the face of future contagion. There is no value given for the vaxxed vs unvaxxed ratios of asymptomatic covid at MOH. If you find it, please share. The good news is that nearly all who get covid recover, it would be helpful to know what ratio of vaxxed to unvaxxed is in that 98% does it proportionately represent the the ratio of total vaxxed population? . Of the remaining 1.6% infirmity is 50 or 50 Vaccinated vs unvaxxed, thus the argument that only unvaxxed are a burden on the healthcare system is an exaggeration,though the case that unvaxxed are over represented and overly burdensome in intensive care unit is valid. With a hypothetical 100%vax rate, 100% of intensive care unit visits and deaths will be vaxxed individuals vs the 30% vaxxed deaths currently , the vax does not give immunity. Isolation of unvaxxed to their homes should skew the forward numbers more in the direction of vaxxed being the burden on the healthcare system and give a truer overview of the prophylaxis of mrna vaccines. Regarding deaths, I cannot find a summary of vaxxed vs unvaxxed deaths since vaccination started nor since herd vaxxed rate was achieved, this would be useful. On the daily reading of MoH stats 4 or 6 recent deaths were vaxxed 2 unvaxxed, age and comorbidity were factors. Seperately and for cinsideration of preventable deaths, Singapore has over 2200 smoking related deaths per year thus 142 covid deaths and 4400 smoking deaths since covid emerged in Wuhan yet cigarettes remain on sale and smoking legal. The impact of reducing deaths through eliminating smoking would of course not be seen for decades but is worth considering as second hand smoke also contributes to lung health issues in society. Restrictions on sugar would also reduce death from diabetes. Diabetes kills nearly 4400per annum thus 8800sonce covid broke out . Ref on covid- Over the last 28 days, the percentage of local cases who were asymptomatic or had mild symptoms is 98.4%. 659 cases required oxygen supplementation and 66 had been in the intensive care unit. Of these, 49.7% were fully vaccinated and 50.3% were unvaccinated or partially vaccinated. 76 have died, of whom 31.6% were fully vaccinated and 68.4% were unvaccinated or partially vaccinate Ref on immunity- Ref on smoking- Red on diabetes -
99 bucks?! You could buy many books on the Kindle or Google books for that price.
99% of people aren't good. They might want to be good and think already are so nothing needs to change but the reality is we all live in a society where there are prejudices which afflict people in different degree. Some might be blatantly racist while in others it might be more subtle but that doesn't mean it doesn't exist in those others. This attitude might give you solace but it doesn't help others who are suffering from the consequences of these prejudices. The least one can do is at least recognize it even among themselves and that requires people to speak up.
99% of Singaporean Malays are Muslim so I'd say its about the same odds with Malaysia. I don't see how it's a significantly better guess
? Are you ok? Let's be realistic here. How is 1-2k worth of room and board not a relevant part of a compensation package?
? VB is definitely in the wrong here but this is such a stupid insult . it's 2021 get over the fragile masculinity
? Would the US State department approve that sale? I was under the impression that the US don't want their platforms anywhere near Russian ones. Would Indonesia be decommissioning all Russian-made arms? Or would Indonesia be ok without the Electronic Warfare modules on the F-15s?
[Finished in 4.3s]
A 40 minute range is only but so significant. It not only seems like they're splitting hairs, but I'm inclined to think that the data is way off because so many people barely manage 6 hours a night, let alone 7 or 8.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested for public nuisance and is being investigated for allegedly assaulting another commuter on board an MRT train. I do not know, doesn't look like public nuisance in my book.
A baptism on anything without a soul is, in Catholic theology, just words and a bath in holy water. Same way you can't baptize a cat because cats don't have souls, going through the baptism ritual on an alien wouldn't work because they don't have souls. You can do the ritual if you want, it just doesn't do anything. Same way you can do later rites on an unbaptized individual but they don't actually work if that person is actually baptized, they have to go through all the rituals again. This is important when rituals can be done in a hundred or so languages and the rituals can be found invalid because of incorrect word choice.
A bit exaggerated and life is rather more nuanced than this comment - you can't draw money out of medisave to pay for housing. To be fair to the poster, healthcare is expensive in Singapore although the government has subsidies and your employer also has to contribute to your cpf. Also, an expensive wedding is a life choice.
A bit late to the reply, but judging from the tree height and crown shape, this tree is probably not rain tree Samanea saman but rather Falcataria moluccana
A bit late to this and I might get downvoted for this but the problems you bring up here just speaks of utter, unnecessary pessimism and it just seems that you are trying to look for ways to externalise your bitterness and anger onto singapore, when many of the issues you have brought up rising costs of living, climate change, degradation of natural environments, increasing competiton with global workers, competitive education system that teaches things that doesnt apply to the working world etc are ones that are shared with many developed countries around the world. Rising costs of living? Whilst agree things like property and cars are expensive and their rising costs is a reasonable concerns, many necessities like grocessories are much cheaper here and have much lower taxed than in other developed countries this is also coming from experiences of living overseas. Degradation of natural environments for urbanisation and climate change? I understand that they can suck but how the hell are they only exclusive to singapore? There are summits and talks being made in many countries around the world to conquer such issues. At least singapore has the concept of integrating nature with architecture. The current restrictions regarding covid like mask wearing and eternal booster jabs? I understand that covid restrictions can hinder certain things you want to do and I don't agree with the pull back of restrictions at times either, but I still believe that the best way to conquer the covid situation is to do it slowly and I can see why the government doesnt want to take any big risks. With the delta varient now being a thing and how european countries which some people here like to point to as some crowning jewel of fixing the situation for some fucking reason are now facing the consequences of having immense pressure on their healthcare systems because they opened up too quick and their people are abusing that for their own selfish intent. And I find it funny how people on here complain about wearing masks whereas in some other countries people are trying to get others to wear masks. Wearing masks, though can be a bit uncomfortable somtimes, helps with lowering the transmission of the virus from person to person. renovation noises and having to deal with neighbours smoking? because'mon.those are annoying sure but are you really going to let small inconveiences like those affect you soo strongly and deeply to the point that it would make you reconsider if you want to have children or not? I'm completely fine with those who want to go child free, as that is their own choice, but to find ways to externalise your bitterness to singapore or just trying to find anything to justify your edgy why bring life into this world views is embarrassing.
A bit of constructive feedback, don't take this the wrong way, but the head looks way too small.
A bit of harsh truth here You should probably stop being a doormat and learn to say no. Those sales types can sense and take advantage of people like you, who are overly nice. Is it ethical? Of course not, but it's also, usually, not illegal. Out of self preservation, growing a backbone and learning to be firm will be much easier than getting suckered into all these things, regretting it and having to deal with the aftermath. Save yourself the headache. Anyway, if you did cancel it through the app, I'm willing to bet the pending charge will go away in a few days on its own. If not just keep chasing them.
A bit sad that my MP from woodlands, Amrin Amin, had to go Seng Kang and lose. If he just stayed here it'll be fine. Pretty nice guy.
A bit sensitive but, I think we should also consider influence at home. The parents treatment or ignorance would've affected this a lot in my opinion
A break from the Singapore sub may help. Not as many racist and xenophobic bigots may comment on a post about them but wait till any other post comes up relating to anything other than Singapore Chinese people. So much ignorance. wouldnt be surprised if such uneducated ignorant people were too useless to see they are the problem. Half assed complain when people get arrested for serious racial crimes but will have no problem posting their own racist garbage
A certain billionaire's daughter was caught in a car full of drugs but nothing happened, apparently?
A company's main purpose is to generate profit for their shareholders. It is in the interest of the company's owners to hire employees that are most likely to be hard working and generate the most profit to the company. In the absence of a future-telling crystal ball, employers naturally fall back on past experiences, word of mouth, or as a last resort, stereotypes, to guard themselves against lazy employees that do not generate as much profit to this end. It's all about the money, not about the dislike per se for a certain group of people. Notice how we can change a few words to what you say, and suddenly we have a clear-cut case of racial discrimination that is socially acceptable? Certain races are more lazy, less hardworking, more prone to stealing from their employers etc. Common racial stereotypes that are common. But then in the my or your or employer or landlord's experiences, it's true! So many of their past encounters with people of XXX race have been YYY! That's the thing about doing business, be it through real estate or a company. It's called business because there is inherently risk involved. You take on risk through employees or tenants, good or bad, in exchange for a chance at a profit. You can hedge your risk through certain conditions, but excluding a racial group simply to boost your profits is an option that our country and society has made clear that it would not tolerate Regardless of race, language or religion, remember our Pledge?
A country overrun by neo Nazis voting in a liberal Jew as president? I guess Singapore love WP deep deep because EDMW loves opposition.
A couple of days ago I saw a post about what positive things teachers see in the youth of today for a change in pace from the strawberry generation yadayada This post encapsulates it. You are not a strawberry for being triggered by such injustice. If someone says that, they're using the whole strawberry generation meme to put your experience and understanding of the world down because back in my day we were tougher and more resilient to such things basically means back in my day we were okay with ourselves and others being racist and elitist . You or your peers will be parents one day. On top of telling off people nicely about this, if or when you become a parent or an uncle or aunt or a teacher, remember this feeling and these words. And dont become that parent.
A few nurses who have left have recommended Australia. You need at least Master's specialization though for a good chance! Nursing
A few of the protesters are LGBT themselves. Not much of a stretch to imagine they have strong reactions to a government institution coercing yet another transgender student. Seriously, every time a young person speaks out at a risk to themselves, people immediately try to find the nearest puppet master to pin a convoluted conspiracy on. Does it make you feel more secure or something? Source I was one of the two climate change protesters last year and everyone spent hours asking me about random people I'd never talked to instead of believing that maybe I just care about the next ecological catastrophe after covid.
A few years back a Chinese National PR died in NS because of his officer's negligence during his sister's birthday. Which means the kid never got to be a Singaporean. If an American kid died in NS, probably would have been a big issue. I used the term negligence because I saw a report that his officer was charged for this incident
A friend of mine works in healthcare recently resigned because of the overwhelming workload. Management only use lip power but on the grounds is utter chaos, burn outs and depressed workers.
A full time taxi driver has the option to drive morning or night shift. So it's really 2 drivers sharing the cost of $140 or day. Another difference is taxi drivers have a different price structure for refuelling at their respective refuelling stations cheaper than public . That's why you rarely see taxis refuelling at petrol station. Another savings compared to Grab driver using petrol. I'm not sure if there's a preferential rate for PHV drivers at petrol stations
a good economy means more foreign money coming in, and by keeping their money here we keep their vested interest as well. if we let them take their money elsewhere we have no hostages
A good portion of the vaccination in Hong Kong is also base on Sinovac as compared to mRNA vaccine. So the resulting infection rate statistics is useful real world comparison of the vaccines.
A good time to pick up sign language to get them off your tail, reply them with it and make them feel dumb
A lack of empathy. We can't see why that is not okay, until it happens to us. Also, not so low key racism. Because India isn't on the top of the list of country that people want to go work in, they can't see why banning Singapore citizens working in India is wrong. There definitely weren't as many calls to ban everyone returning to Singapore from UK when restrictions were announced.
A little reminder that if we open our eyes, we can actually see the many wonderful things that we have taken for granted for so long. What a nice video!
A lot of Chinese families got +++ costs. - This one easily $2k minimum, but more likely $5-6k, just for some obiang jewelry the wife will stash away. Dowry - For a girl coming from a good local family local university, staying 5 rm or condo, executive job , the current going rate is $30-50k. Even the lowest I've seen O-levels, staying 2rm, service job , the dowry demanded was $8,888. Highest SES I've seen is give house. Not to the couple, but to the bride's family. Door games - My friend who marry a high SES girl paid up to $50k for this, but he also high SES, so its a drop in the ocean. Got main gate, house gate, room gate. Cheapest at least a couple thousand. Banquet - Very rarely both parents will allow no banquet. $1k a table cheapest, minimum 25 for bride, 10 for groom, plus 5 tables relatives, that is $40k liao. Ang Bao sometimes can make back if you tactical enough, don't invite the ngiao people. This one actually high SES more chance to make money back. A low SES friend of mine, monthly salary $1,800, wife's salary $800, put a $40k banquet, ang bao come back less than $5k, because all friends and relatives low SES. Church wedding - Even if you not xtian, a lot of girls want this. Add deco, whatever you looking at 5-10k, not cheap at all. Pre-wedding photo - Low SES go botanical gardens, hire professional photographer, maybe $500-$2k, depends. More high SES go Asia, plus in holiday trip everything $5k, but show in banquet sia suay the family, so cheapo go Asia. Most of my friends go high SES europe, take photo at high SES gothic buildings, that one $10-20k. Add all up, you staring down the barrel of $100k average. My own wedding maximal cheapo $15k I want to die liao. I can't imagine $100k. My mom ask their mom dowry want or not, they say don't want, my mum didn't give, they up till today still kpkb, say my mum ngiao, say why she so greedy didn't try to at least argue to pay. Dowry that one even if they say no, at least try to pay a few k, if not down the line, I confirm you will have issue. Wedding book 10 tables for my FIL, in the end less than half can fly down to aussie, banquet 2 or 3rds empty. The rest smile smile, but give $20, might as well don't give. My ang bao I don't think got even $2k. Lucky her father kpkb the door games, say mai tu liao, late for church wedding liao, faster get married, so that one I maybe spent $20. Even $15k I still feel waste money. I can go on 3 Japan trips and have a better time. I see my friends spend $100k+ is really tao nao pai.
A lot of expats at my company couldn't take it anymore. They either resigned or transfered back to their home countries
A lot of old people don't have money issues but need someone they can trust to make sure they're being taken care of if they become not of sound mind. Hopefully we'll get better at this in the future so it won't be a necessity to have to have someone to trust to not screw you over.
A lot of people claim to be ineligible due to allergies, etc, and they can probably find a doctor who's willing to sign them off. This is a smarter move to corner them into making the decision themselves.
A lot of people saying this graph is intentionally misleading and tricky because the Y axis doesn't go to 100%, but honestly, I can see why they did it like that. If you really show the y axis up to 100%, you'll have a weird chart where all your data is concentrated in a little 1 or 5 of the total graph area. It'll be too small and not useful in tracking changes and variation across age groups. It's tough to represent data sometimes.
A lot of the time I just came back and studied in my uniform until it was time for dinner, then I would shower and go and eat. Only time I changed immediately was if that day got CCA or Tennis practice
A lot of the Town Council just suffer from executive members juggling multiple roles + cover each other backside oversight and limited external professional support. They copy paste bad practices to cope with archaic and confusing legal and randomly popping up requirements. And when problems happen, MP or Mayor seen as saviour by sweeping shit under the rug. I also remember the Soccer club mismanagements in the late 90s and early 2000s, so much of it was swept under the rug to protect Singapore soccer brand name. The minibonds thing was a symptom of the times, people selling for the sake of selling, a product they had no actual knowledge of the risks involved.
A lot of youths and younger kids don't browse reddit either. Their only source of news is usually mothersheet, which is pro-government
A lot! And often times that improvement loops back into a healthier ecosystem of wanting to give back what was invested in them at an earlier age time or money because there is less resentment or that feeling of having to run away .
A lotta religions in Singapore experience the same, but honestly? Muslims have it the hardest because Islam is tied so deeply into the Malay identity.
A more important point is that he is 44 years old. In so much of the world the country is led by very old people. Sure there is wisdom with age, but a lot of the radical thinking the world needs is a product of youth. There is a lot to say to have a leader that understands and can adapt to changes.
A move on order is not an offer to go to another location. It means stop protesting.
A new covid 'escape strain' is expected to dominate the US mid year. Little of which is known as well. The B1.617 India specific strain you are referring to stemmed largely from the UK strain. So, you many want to inform your friends in the US and UK to refrain from traveling to Singapore also. If you're saying US isn't handing the pandemic badly, youre probably living in a cave - systemic failures have been exposed globally. Don't know about you but many Indians living in Singapore are there because of the Indian education system and the meritocracy that has enabled them. You left India for greener pastures after using the system which is why you probably earn 3x more that Singaporean locals from A grade local institutions. Hence they try to find reasons such that this to keep competition out though nothing is in their hands . Do all you can to safeguard your work permit, but running with the hares and hunting with the hounds isn't the way. Top down imposition of rules in Singapore has been very successful which is why rule following is part of the DNA and the system runs like a very efficient company. All I'm saying is, if the real fear is covid, source countries of the main China and mutated UK, SA, India, US strains as well as the mismanaged India, US and the underreported middle East, Pak etc should be kept out. Reserving the ban on for India, well. ?
A nuclear bomb? At this time of day, at this time of year, at this part of the country, localised entirely within pasir ris park?
A People's Action Party-owned company that had like 2 dollars starting capital and zero assets - bought a multi million software which will be leased to town council at a rather expensive rate. But hey AHTC is the scandalous one. I'm seeing history repeat itself - AIM vs AHTC selecting a slightly more expensive management firm, and TT vs RK lie. Both instances People's Action Party's actions are way more egregious but it's WP that got whacked.
A possible reason. You only get a recovery memo if you get tested at a clinic or the recently opened test centers. Many workplace ask for it even though it is not necessary, so a lot of people still go to GP even though not necessary.
A regrettable though unsurprising indication that rule of law is not really one of the principles that undergirds the foundation of Singapore. This is more an indictment of our legal system than social mores really. Sub in any other unenforced law and we have the same problem.
A relative just told us today he's recovering at home with covid. He's a nurse at one of the major hospitals, and his dept is seriously understaffed.
A scholastic environment like Singapore or sk do not need to be pushing speed on their kids. its availability will encourage its use. I saw it a lot in sk.
A sense of being down to earth, like the rest of WP. Compared to People's Action Party, she does come off as more likeable in the big sister way, at least to me. I can't say about ground work but the way she talks and in the promo videos, you can really connect with her in a way.
a set of health guidelines that are consistent with the risks of various activities They are applying restrictions on what they can feasibly restrict. That does mean that some activities are not restricted as much as they should be if you solely consider the relative risk of infection. I don't think the government has ever said that the restrictions on activities are entirely commensurate with the relative risks of each activity. And I don't think that is strictly necessary, either.
A single 17year old girl that cause almost 48 men to be charge with underage commercial sex.
A somewhat related case was this The irony of the repealed 377 being applied to a catholic priest.
A song from a 1997 Indian Movie shot in Singapore. Singapore looks as modern as today
A staff member on board the train was alerted . and asked if he needed medical assistance. The victim declined any assistance and said that the aggressor had already alighted. He insisted he was fine and proceeded on with his journey, said Ms Tammy Tan, SBS Transit's senior vice president for corporate communications. I hope the victim was right, and he truly was fine. It literally sounds like he cracked some ribs, let alone what happened to his head with those kicks.
A stark reminder of the backwards society we live in. Coming from a young, reasonably privileged perspective, such antiquated views may be foreign to many of us, but there really are a lot of crazy bigoted people in our country
A typically derogatory term mocking how weak the current generation are, and have to be babied by their parents and teachers. Personally I don't use this term, as I believe everyone has their own sensitivities
A valid point. At their age it will seem like end of the world for them. That said if they can't even take sinovac, get covid probably gg.
A very important question to ask yourself now is this. Is having kids and starting a family a goal of yours, or something that has been ingrained into your thinking by society and family.
A whole lot more shit, at worst even DB. At least the kid has an excuse of being ignorant of what he's doing. You can't claim you don't know what that gesture means as an fulltime national serviceman.
A yes man, willing to please the bosses, pull out all stops to get the job done by hook or crook. Why would pap not want such a man?
Abandoned due to the decline of Singapore's mining industry. But still left behind many nice rocks to be mined. Fun fact The rocks from P.Ubin were used in the construction of the Causeway, Istana, Raffles Lighthouse and The Horsburgh Lighthouse on Pedra Branca Island.
About 80 per cent of the patients, including those with covid infections, presented with mild symptoms, did not require hospitalisation, and were discharged after their emergency department visits. If singaporeans stop being freaking crazy about being covid positive, that would help a ton.
About 80 per cent of the patients, including those with covid infections, presented with mild symptoms, did not require hospitalisation, and were discharged after their emergency department visits. Literally reported it is not so much as it is omicron being bad, just Singaporeans being hysterical and flooding the a&e
About mental health, one thing I started doing was that I started implementing very strict boundaries. If im drained from work the only people that I will talk to is family. No one else can disturb me. I need to charge le social batteries. I had always been a yes man, now I start saying no to favours asked of me hard to do at work tho . Ig dont squeeze yourself dry, and find ways that can help you regain your energy and happiness after shift. There are other things I practice but this is the key one - boundaries.
Abrahammic groups here I.e., Christians and Muslims. Combined they probably make up more of our population than just Buddhists alone.
Absolutely agree. Re mental health, suicides were up 20% in Singapore in 2020. 15x more suicides than covid deaths.
Absolutely, your relationship with your family doesn't need to be horrific to move out, or anything like that. Independence, especially for young folks is important. I've definitely seen friends who have had their relationships with their folks improve once they got married and left home.
Absolutely. But then there should be a big picture of the landlord on the page with information that the landlord has a preference to not lease to certain people because of the colour of their skin and because the landlord is a ing idiot . They should be free to lease to whomever they want but the rest of us should be freely informed that they're a racist so that if they apply for a job, credit, associate with us socially or we pass them in the street we can be free not to give them the job, credit or association they desire.
Absolutely. Our healthcare system is built on the passion and goodwill of healthcare workers. For years pre- covid, we have been working at full or almost full capacity and constantly understaffed. It took a pandemic for MOH to realise passion, goodwill and cheap foreign labour aren't sustainable. healthcare workers are dropping like flies and starting to put themselves first, myself included.
AC is next level for sure. You better be prepared to spend half a mil to send your kids to top tier overseas university since their IB cert is a cheatcode
Acceptable when Biden does it for pandemic. Unacceptable when Trump does it for excessive terrorism from Muslim radicals.
Accepting a family member and accepting that it's a societal norm is two different things. What do you expect parents to do? Disown the child? You really think that such parents will be accepting homosexuality as the norm if they aren't facing such a dilemma? That's untrue for Lee Kuan Yew and I believe untrue for most. Most of the issues surfacing is due to the LGBTQ community insisting that the larger society accepts them and it's their right to be accepted. Sorry but such entitlement does not exist. Just as they chose to live their life's as they deem fit, others should be allowed to decide for themselves whether to accept them.
Accepting racism as the norm is idiotic. Are u suggesting we make no progress on racial issues?
According to MoH latest press release 3 Under the current VDS, groups of up to 2 fully vaccinated persons are allowed to dine-in. Children aged 12 years and below, recovered individuals , and unvaccinated individuals with a valid negative pre-event test PET result can be included in the group of 2.
According to mothership he slashed someone earlier, fled and took cab to police hq then this happened Dk the motivation behind that tho actually brought a knife to a gunfight
According to the latest 2020 Census, almost 99% of Singapore's Malay population are predominantly declared themselves as Muslims, including the small populations of 0.4% non-religious and 0.8% other religions, as stated in the following statistics. Okay maybe 98.8%. Happy?
According to your logic there's nothing wrong with the person in the video saying 'We' since nowhere did he unequivocally state he was the 'sole reason the cat was saved' nor did he credit himself and himself only. He literally said 'as a community'. You're reaching, buddy.
Accountability. Instead of a mummy with a cane, viewer that supervise them Those girls are usually studygramer aka showing off their study note and stationary on IG There are also some discord servers that has chatroom for people to video streaming their study sessions
ACS boys never forget their rivalry with RI, even if they are lying on their death bed
Action will be taken if anyone stirs hate speech either for or against any sexual or religious community, added the Home Affairs Minister. Doesn't mean action will be taken on every occasion. Police will use their discretion, assess the context, he said. There's also this I guess.
actually , I'm quite a conservative guy, haven't got into a relationship so I dunno where to stand on these issues. I've got a niece and while she is definitely way too young now, with current point of view, I don't know what is supposed to be encouraged here. okay la, maybe it's not my place to say but I can definitely persuade the parents to do something mah. should I nudge the parents in the way of what you've learnt in the international school standards? eh kid, you may not feel it now but sooner or later, you will prob get interested in this thing called sex. So telling you to never do it will never work out so here's a compromise. I'll make sure you know whatever you need to know to keep yourself safe, physically and emotionally then after that, whatever happens is on your head. from topics of how some boys only just want sex to different diseases to birth control to online sex and the potential consequences and so on. it sounds like it's a good thing to be taught to them but I do not know what age will be right. last I remembered, my subpar sex education was when I'm 14 but you have people now watching porn and being lewd online with each other at a way younger age.
actually 4th one is already considered a loss ideally you need to double the production cost to cover marketing etc to be consider a good return. 1.3mil on week 1 might be due to CNY plus people who will flock his movies, probably aint the wiser one who will research beforehand before watching.
Actually a valid point. Our country is designed as a springboard so Singaporeans can jump to any country with relative ease.
Actually after interacting with you i realise you're just a scared little boy or girl but likely a boy who is scared of NS and feels hard done by society. So i am glad u realise you're a coward like the rest of us. Just that the rest of us are too dumb to know it and we just like our home. You know i realise i need to defend singapore for people like you too. So i gotta practice what i preach then. Hey if you wanna stay and fight, great. U wanna cower in A corner and rant and rave like a coward thats your right. You said it best, singapore is for everyone but looks like you really dont mean it. Since u want singapore only for yourself.
Actually all the P5s didnt sign either. And yet talk so loud on international law. pui.
Actually Comfort has been typically cheaper than Grab for the past few years. The app is also pretty good and I can normally get cabs in less than a min while sometimes Grab nobody is willing to pick me. You can also pay for street hail through the app. Too bad everyone's impression is that comfort dinosaur who takes cabs
Actually for my sch that time they also taught us how to use a condom, what life is like with STDs, what to do if things happen, etc. etc. Might be a recent change or maybe just my sch one.
Actually for Singaporeans who do follow the standard track, they will be very lucky. If manage to get build-to-order, it's like strike toto lidat. After 5 year MOP generally sure make about 20-30% of the house price. So, I see alot of my ex-colleagues flipping their first property to have that small windfall, and use that to invest in more properties. But it's a very rigid 'track'. If you fail to clear the conditions of the track, things get bad really quickly. But ask yourself la, where do you want to be born then? If Asia, I think Singapore is probably the best liao.
Actually for those who are talking about racism and not picking one race or tenants over another, I think that it's better for the owners to be honest and forthright about it. It just helps people to save time and also helps to prevent conflict or discrimination in my opinion, even when it's within your rights or if the law mandates it. Imagine if a group of tenants who are of a certain race which have a high chance of doing things to your property that a group of renters don't like. Wouldn't that sour the relationship if the owner is forced to rent to them? When both parties' relationship turn sour, wouldn't there be unnecessary conflict that could've been avoided by not renting to them in the first place? If both parties are not suitable for each other probably best to keep them away from each other in my opinion.
Actually Germany has the option for people to serve NS at hospitals and such. It does help provide a base load of motivated workers to take care of unqualified care work in hospitals, care homes, etc. It is called Zivildienst, you can google it.
actually happened at around 2pm, my friends told me even before the news broke out edit sorry don't pofma me, from the whatsapp image spreading around seems to have happened at 11 45am
Actually her post is much better written than many Strait Times Forum letters . You should look at some of the letters published there. They'll make you fume, laugh or cry but they will not make you learn anything.
Actually I don't really think we singaporeans are too different, we get a build-to-order usually in the coastal areas because it's cheap, those who are better off get more central locations. Those who stay in the outskirts being priced out still spend 1hr to travel to work. I highly doubt majority of local fresh grads will be able to afford rent in central areas here either. On the whole, I think it's the same in most big cities around the world.
actually i feel like those who look down on others are parents who are projecting their insecurity. worked as a hotel banquet busboy numerous times during school holidays, all the young people were pretty nice to each other regardless of which JC or polytechnic or ITE. only maybe the occasional Happyland still come here and work kind of comment, mostly made in jest. Among parents, i noticed that those who look down on non-elite schools the most were parents whose kids barely made it to elite schools. I've spoken to some of the parents of kids who were truly geniuses and most of them are pretty nice to everyone regardless of background.
Actually I never looked from your pov. Yeah I guess it isn't the end of the world if they skip their morning kopi for their health.
Actually I really wonder what the sentiments is like with the traditional WP Teochew speaking supporters with LTK retirement
Actually I thought so too until I read this paper Granted, it's an animal study, but when male rats were pre-treated with 17b estradiol essentially the female hormone , 53% of them showed homosexual behavior. One might argue you can't extrapolate this study to humans, but doesn't mean we should rule out the possibility that hormones may in fact play a role in influencing homosexuality.
actually i watched an edited clip of the movie on tiktok, leading me to learn that he IS now the president. soooo thats cool, learning new things everyday
actually many of the old-gen RI grads were middle-class or didn't speak with an 'angmoh accent'. they got into RI due to intelligence good grades , not because of DSA interviews. LMW just has a very annoying nasal voice and the face of a coffeeshop uncle, he doesn't have bad grammar.
Actually our ICUs not coping well. Source I work in a PHI with access to stats from other PHIs too.
Actually that is entirely incorrect. Singapore follows the timezone of West Malaysia peninsular Malaysia , which follows the timezone of East Malaysia. Even though Singapore is independent of Malaysia, the high level of border crossing between us would make having different timezones impractical. Singapore - KL busiest international air route
Actually the time and energy my friends spend on their kids makes me even more happy we went CF .
Actually the whole Singapore coping well. That's why can raise GST and taxes. ERP also quietly up. Everywhere they go are signs of prosperity and happy citizens. As I type this I remember why the good emperor always go out in disguise
Actually there is ready and free manpower available - SAF. Don't understand why they are only deploying so few from SAF
Actually this is a big improvement on the previous position. The CA has made clear that the AG has to be held to the promise until and unless the AG publicly announces a change in policy. At that point, a further challenge could be brought, since the issue would have become ripe for decision.
Actually turn out each got 2 million as 8 lucky winners are found on Friday of group 1 - PS would u resign if you win 2 million?
Actually we are better alr. At least we still queue up and pay for the stuff. In America, they will start looting the supermarkets.
Actually why ? Most of them from other countries seem to be quite humble I'm talking about immigrants from all countries . They seem to be hardworking and humble to be honest
Actually wouldn't shame the guy videoing what he's doing is v brave and providing evidence and the only one actively doing something based on this video alone
Actually you'll be surprised. I've seen my nurses get regularly shouted or rudely spoken to by patients on the weekly, and myself by families over the phone. On my last shift, my hair bun was grabbed and pulled on so hard by an angry patient, it needed 3 colleagues to help detach his grip. It's precisely why the POHA was recently revised in light of rising cases of abuse to healthcare workers - That slide was meant to depict that when families and patients ask for drinks or meals or special requests, the nurses or doctors themselves haven't drank or eaten for the past 8 hours, so to be please be patient and more understanding. That's all we ask for.
Actually you're not wrong, but according to my work sources, construction at mid tier also has a lot of ins and outs just like the maritime workers. So overall it's probably the CMP industry as a whole. However, it's very hard to justify whether to open a country if a plane that comes in results in 75% covid cases this is what I see at work while reporting comes in based on when the people from the plane gets sick, so they never share that it's people from a particular area or flight vs just this number of cases a day. It's optics!
Actually, cholesterol levels aside, the number you really want to keep an eye on is triglycerides. That one is more dangerous, according to my medical professional. Oats are good. Overnight oats are even better. Chilled carbohydrates create resistant starches, lowering GI content and increasing prebiotics which are good for gut health. I'll go make some now. Thanks for the inspo.
Actually, from the looks of the video, they were still giving verbal command, and were just starting to draw their guns when he charged. In this case, use of force is justified as per AOJ Ability to inflict harm - check Opportunity to cause harm - check Jeopardy is anyone in immediate danger - check
actually, if I should be so lucky, I'd still work but do very very minimum. E.g. turn up later than my colleagues, take longer lunches, do my work sloooowly until prompted on deadline. Then at 5 45pm ahead of 6pm, go toilet and slowly groom myself. Repeat routine until they try and fire me. .
Actually, it can be installed on any device - just an app called SafeEntry for Business. That's what my church uses, and anyone helping to usher can download and use so long as you have the correct code for your venue or business. Don't need to buy any special device at all
actually, quite on the contrary. he's one of my favourite commentators so far on the Olympics and others on share my opinion thaf he's an entertaining and funny commentator to listen to as well
Actually, the majority of grab's revenue no longer comes from cab rides, it actually comes from deliveries. Cant remember where I read this but the pandemic changed their business structure alot.
Add it to the list of nonsensical rules. It's like they have a dedicated team dreaming up the most ridiculous restrictions
addendum to why shooting the leg is bad - the femoral artery is 1 of the largest arteries and severing it results in loss of consciousness in about 1min with death from bleed out in a few minutes. Paramedics no time to even put you inside the ambulance you dead already.
Addiction affects more than the addicts, though - it affects their emotional and financial stability, which in turn hurt their families who have to support them and the consequences of their addictions. The opposite is true for homosexuality, where repression and stigma tend to lead to those unhealthy coping mechanisms that cause harm be it drug or alcohol addictions, unhealthy sexual behaviours, mental health problems, etc .
Adding on to OP's post , genders also have different worths . if you are a guy , it makes renting a room or place much much harder . You will have to keep trying and sometimes might have to go a bit higher budget wise . if you are moving out at 18 - 21 years old , be ready for the landlord to ask you questions on why you are looking to move out and rent your own room or place edit Source i am a 20 year old male who has just moved out recently and rented my own room
Adding on, the ukraine crisis also taught us that NS 1 year is doable and feasible with female too being part of it. I cannot stress enough that Nation defense needs both gender right now. Not 5 years later, not when there is not enough male population then consider, NOW if you're interested in defense. by the way no need ICT and IPPT also can work.
Adults don't know everything too. We would try our best to protect minors given the shocking circumstances. Not sharing is one way. If you or your mates need to talk to someone and for some odd reason, help is not rendered in time to come, let us know. For now, enjoy your hobbies and don't bother to reply to people if you don't want to.
After a tenant leaves the appartment, the landlord should be allowed to request compensation if the tenant leaves the appartment in an undesirable state. The question is specifying what is admissible as an undersirable state and how much responsibility the tenant has for this. In this particular case I believe the concern are oils being absorbed into the furniture and lingering smells. But this isn't a problem restricted to only Indians. Any tenant that cooks dishes frequently that involves plenty of herbs, spices and oils, or say frequently has home barbeques is going to cause all of these problems.
After all which politician said salary is the justification for dignity? Low wage workers thus have no respect from this policymaker
After come back from school, straight away study. Just like what my Ma would say to me
After hanging out on and briefly reading about him prior to the war, I came to the same conclusion. Not to diminish his patriotism and leadership from the front now, but he made plenty of mistakes in the days leading up to this.
after living in the US for two years, fuck the 'smell' of money. I don't know where these damn dollar bills have been
After seeing the videos of so many untrained civilians picking up arms in Ukraine, it gives me more pride and appreciation for the 2 + 10years we serve. Many of those in Ukraine pick up arms but without the knowledge on how to operate the weapon. At least we are equipped with the skill set and understanding on how to operate a weapon and function as a company.
After suffering Grab overcharging 60% more than street hail for what essentially is the same commute to and fro, I DeleteGrabApp and added Zig in my phone.
After switching to a lean and mean diet the smell of macdonalds makes me feel like throwing up. What a weird and odd feeling considering it never bothered me before.
after the promo code ryde is still cheaper tho. my location is $21 for grab, $16 for ryde, $22 for comfort, tada and gojek dont bother so expensive. and $19.60 for zig before promo. but thanks for the suggestion! will use it when ryde is too ex i guess
After this campaign, please make sure to volunteer for Opposition parties if you want to. Politics is not about the 9 days, it's about the 5 years.
After today, all livestream will only be available 24hrs after all the editing out has been done!
After. NS they still look at your grades and shit to see if you ossifer material.
AGAIN, he didn't say it's what should happen. Just that it's what can or will happen. Because racists exist. Jeez you need to read.
Again, I'll state this. Non-violent protests will never work because the People's Action Party has effectively created a society that not only hates such things but would cheer on any sort of action to hinder their rights to free expression. Waiting it out would only result in a People's Action Party victory, simply because they not only have the monopoly on violence, but also control of the narrative. It'll take a long damn time, and I am pessimistic that it will happen at all. If insurgency does not work, and sudden, violent overthrow won't work in this case here as an extension of insurgency, then we are left with the chilling conclusion the People's Action Party is here to stay, for good. This is even more depressing than I thought.
Again, not the main point of the post. It's a strawman argument to argue over the detail on loosening measures.
Again, there's nothing wrong with calling a dance weird if the dance itself is the object of criticism. If ops race is why they called it weird, then it's racism.
Aged 35, found a girl, don't want marriage, don't want kids, agreed to each take care of each's family, and just spend time with each other, pure companionship. I say this with all seriousness - agency is a thing. Everyone gets to choose the life they want. Most people, however, either don't know what they want, or aren't willing to pay the price for it. They then externalise their choices or lack thereof . No. You get to choose. There's freedom in choosing not to follow the life script. Smiling wanly at those who take pride in how prototypical their lives are during CNY or other family gathering is a small price to pay, when you're actually happy 90% of the time.
Agree completely. We don't really have a choice but to pivot in this direction if you ask me. Higher taxes to me are alright as long as I can see where it goes. Don't use it to to create more mayors.
agree however diplomacy is not done when you need it . too late liao people will slap us first Diplomacy is done over many years of little gestures, kinda like how our love for our wives and girls are done consistently. tio daiji then buy flowers, the flowers will be used to decorate gravestone
Agree with op. It's a pessimistic view but I can't help but see it that way too. My main gribe is the feeling of Singapore bering way too overcrowded. The human conjestion kinda affects me, so Im mostly a homebody, ever since covid I've never been to a crowded mall area for leisure, mostly necessity like haircut groceries etc. But if birth rate falls, government will import more foreigners .
Agree with this so much. Do a snap Circuit Breaker NOW! Economic impact will be less than the drawn out slow decay and death.
Agree with this. My wife family is damn bloody high SES stay GCB but thankfully she is very down to earth. Dowry- she told her mum we will give token sum-$1888, mother returned us $1k. For si dian jin we also just buy some basic jewellry, few hundred, one suckling pig, some oranges, thats it. Engagement ring- I bought a 2k plus ring, she say why so ex. She bought me back a 2k+ present in return. Wedding- parents wantes a bigger wedding but we both stood firm and say we are sticking to our budget and chose a middle class , cheaper location. Spent a decent amount-$20k but net nuetral after ang bao. Doorgames was just like $300, photographer was about 1k plus. If you overspend on wedding, it is usually your own fault as a couple for not setting boundaries and expectations.
Agree with this. The country needs a complete shift in terms of how they're thinking about covid and this government doesn't have anyone with the spine to do that. Full of people who are just reacting to the latest issue rather than properly planning a way out. For me this decision takes away whatever faith I had left that the country actually has a plan to get out of this mess.
Agree with you generally. Anyway, just wanna let you know that both Germany and Italy have announced that they are open to implement SWIFT sanction.
Agree with you.fixed fares are almost always lower than by-meter ones at non-peak periods and very affordable after 12mn. Not to mention, sometimes the by-meter fare is lower than what is stated on the app.
Agree. I don't doubt their intentions, I'm certain it comes from a good place for most of them. Just doesn't translate into the real world as effectively.
Agree. I helped my mother to book a grab ride for a short trip. It cost me $7 ++. But when she took a taxi back home by herself, it only cost her $5.
Agree. Isn't this the case of just finding someone or something to blame for the high covid cases? I mean I'm fully vaccinated but I think that at 82% vaccinated population why do they need to put in such measures? The horse has already run out of the barn!
Agree. Mandalorian, Luke and Ashoka made me continue to watch the show. If not, I will have stop watching it
Agree. Which is why I never understood why we switched to single session secondary schools. In my opinion we had it ass backwards even during the dual session ones. We had our lower secondary classes from around 12 45pm till 6 00pm. Morning session was 7 20am to 12 30pm. Look if we can do single sessions, why not stick everyone into a 12 00-6 00pm session? Tuition? ECA or CCA? You've got the mornings. It's not like the kids would jam up the public transport system after school, since we all OT like mad anyway. Rant over. Carry on, chaps.
Agreed 100 %. There is a very obvious answer right in front of us yet its hardly discussed.
Agreed on finding someone who thinks alike. My SO and I decided to go for ROM and put all the pre-wedding and wedding expenses to our house and annual honeymoons. We also skipped the diamond ring. Of course need to have supportive parents who don't mind having no banquet too.
Agreed with the other comment. The only reason he won by a close margin was due to their last minute shenanigans of placing him in East Coast. The People's Action Party somehow decided their future PM was a pawn piece worth gambling to try to checkmate the enemy in a super risky move. It seems like this election 'anchor minister' effects are wearing off, so it's not just specific to HSK. If he stayed at Tampines, he would win with a commanding lead and not make him look bad vis-a-vis Tharman, our PM that was not meant to be.
Agreed, as a Singaporean I always feel I'm lack of sleep. Always have to rush rush rush. But I guess if you ask the Dutch people who sleeps more than 8 hrs if they feel they are lack of sleep maybe they would say the same too. Question I have is why we make 8 hrs as the standard? Shouldn't the amount of sleep varies with age?
Agreed, but I would argue that this extends to everywhere. Singapore is just a small cog in an entire world that is heading into a train wreck in slow motion. I decided not to have kids and so did my sister. Many of my friends heading in our 40s are also childless and ambivalent about having children. . I also left strict instructions not to be resuscitated or put on life support. The sooner all this is over the better. In the meantime I'm just going to live whatever remains of life.
Agreed, especially when the boomers are the ones projecting and teaching the young to make comments about other's races
Agreed, I don't think Singaporeans in general have an appetite for nuisance. I certainly don't. I'm all for LGBTQI+ rights or saving Dover forest etc. but there is a time and a place to protest and I wouldn't appreciate having my day-to-day life unnecessarily disrupted by protests, no matter how peaceful they may be.
Agreed, this is just re-direction of user flow from GYM Ie, somewhat private area into more COMMON areas. Instead of having some gym cluster should it happen , will now have common area cluster where more users of common area will be exposed to infected.
agreed, used to really like it but gradually grew out of it once I started lifting. if I'm eating fast food it's gonna be anything but mcd, I like mos burger way more
Agreed. After all, one of the true tests of a leader is their ability to unite.
Agreed. Dig trench for what? Go outfield for what? Nowadays infantry feels so damn useless in the war. You can send people and more people but then a missile hit then it is all over. Or you drive a tank then Javelin hit and you gg. Or you drive a tonner then kenna bomb by Matador also gg. Really feels like airforce is the most important one. Got air power even if your people lacking you just bomb, bomb, bomb then enemy gg liao. Case in point is the Iran invasion by the USA. They had more men, but USA got air superiority and their infantry just call airstrike on any enemy position. Hello , getting shot at by the people in the building over there, can help or not? Boom.
Agreed. I am a Buddhist but I don't see the need to force my belief onto my future generations. You can't impose it. The older generations will never understand. But we can change the future
Agreed. I didn't even know sex meant putting P into V until I was in secondary school. The sex ed in Singapore is basically Don't do this thing. We won't even explain what it is, but just don't do it, it's bad.
Agreed. I don't think I'll ever have children unless I can accumulate enough wealth to 1 migrate somewhere more family-friendly and less stressful or 2 give them the option of private or overseas education. I don't want to subject kids to life in the public schooling system here. Also quite disillusioned about how a certain university makes major changes without consulting students.
Agreed. It's hard to imagine that travel will be allowed later this year if we can't even dine out under the current circumstances.
Agreed. Its cross-cultural universality does make you wonder whether it might not be an unfortunate bi-product of our hard-wired habit of categorizing friend from foe. Racism clearly needs to be actively countered, because whenever it isn't, things tend to quickly get out of hand. Even where strong policies do exist, bigotry always seems to find a way
Agreed. Live long and prosperous. Until of course our specie dies out and we get replaced by other colonies that procreated instead. Also since there is no one to inherit our vast wealth, it will be taken by the government't.
Agreed. Now is the best time to hold banquet. You can give covid as a reason to hold lesser tables.
Agreed. Now shouting for the rest of the world's help in the aftermath and making himself look like the ultimate victim.
Agreed. So pay those who serve appropriately. They serve the nation for 2 years, and remain on stand by for decades after. Whether or not what they do is actually meaningful, it's a minimum of 2 years that is demanded by the state. Compensate them properly for it during that period. Another thing we might need to look into is cybersecurity. I sure hope the CSA is prepared for a cyberattack because in the modern age, it's probably the first strike.
Agreed. We always complain about the dictatorship . Maybe it is time we acted like one to bring about some common good, rather than to POFMA some opinion writer on FB
ahaa. This brought back some horrifying memories ugh I remember having to sit for 4 hours on the small table next to my dad's in his office room and then after he tests me and I make mistakes, he'll shout or hit me and I'd be crying into my notebook trying to memorize or learn the rest of what I was learning or They've mellowed out a ton after O levels but I've vowed to never do this if I ever have kids And I don't think I'll have them seeing as how the world isn't in the best of places atm . I'm in university now and those memories were repressed for so long until now I'm singaporean indian so half the time my mum would come in to ask me to do prayers to Saraswati Goddess of Knowledge or Buddha
Ahhahaha oh my god you should put this into the telegram chat and see if anyone believes it
Aight I have nothing nice to say to that guy so I'll shut up. Also, wow that was a fast response from someone who isn't op. Did u click on this post right as I posted this comment .
Aim is only a saga for clueless who doesn't know what is going on 1 The proposal to outsource the software out was proposed by independent consultant. Last I checked, People's Action Party does not own Deilotte 2 AIM was awarded the tender after no one else bid and they came in after the date already expired 3 The bulk of the profit went to NCS who were subcontracted by AIM to support the system. If you're wondering why NCS didn't bid in the first place because the tender was risky as the TC could leave the contract so with AIM in the picture, AIM bore most of the risk while making almost no money So why are people complaining about AIM, because people who voted the wrong party thinks WP's own incompetence in dealing with AHTC issue is somehow AIM's fault News flash it's not 4 WP claim AIM cancelled the contract with AHTC after WP won. They lied here's another saga no one remember, RK wasn't the first to lie in Parliament . WP told Parliament AIM wanted it cancelled first. The letter Sylvia Lim produces in Parliament to support her claims came AFTER they sent this cancellation letter to AIM 5 On top of that while WP was developing their new System, AIM agreed to extend the usage of the software to WP, TWICE! They even receive a thank you letter from WP for assisting in the migration 6 The court case AHTC vs WP MP showed that WP leadership never planned to continue using AIM in the first place
Aiyah as a muslim also you dont go full on rage. Not even what our religion teaches us. Just ignore if you got nothing good to say. brother Moment smh
Aiyah. Different grc different town council. Won't make a difference to you. At least not much
AKA don't talk to reporters. It's tough enough for adults to deal with the paparazzi, don't even give the impression that it's ok or not a bad idea to talk to reporters. Just don't, nothing good can come out of it.
Alas, historical data show that this person will likely end up worse with the winnings squandered or wasted or stolen, and with no job.
Alcohol sales after 10 30 is damn dumb. Same thing the results of a minority resulting in the rest all getting the stick.
Aligned with our national values of encouraging heterosexual married couples to have healthy relationships with each other, and to build stable nuclear family units with extended family support. backward thinking fuckwittery of the highest order.
Aljazeera has articles on this French news also. Seems that people from other countries are more concerned about our poor migrant workers' welfare than our own government. Sad because they are the very people who built our homes. They don't deserve to be treated this way. All the talk about budget but what about other unmeasurable aspects of life such as the right to go out freely? P or S More about the truth about the problems faced by migrant workers in Singapore and how our government chooses to ignore them
Aljunied area also got alot of rich people ok. I'm assuming rich here means can stay private. There's a huge private estate in Kovan area.
All Chinese cultures. The one in China is insane, literally selling their daughters for a pension. Plus they have all the power in a marriage. Power structure is girl's parents girl boy's parents boy, so in the end, the breadwinner of the house is the most henpecked one with the least power.
ALL food has a distinct smell. That's a very weak argument. Dude, stop, it's embarrassing. You keep saying things are a weak argument but you're more than guilty of a logical fallacy yourself, namely a strawman argument. No one is saying that only some food has a distinct smell, what they're saying is, Indian curry has a smell distinct enough to a local that it might be undesirable. Now you can beg to disagree seeing as you're Indian and it's such a part of you you no longer notice, but like it or not, Singapore is not India, so local sensibilities are different. Anything that is not typical local fare could come off as pungent to a local landlord regardless of his or her race. I'm sure stinky tofu, to most people here, is stinky and intolerable. Some cheeses too are ridiculously pungent and will stink up your whole fridge if let unwrapped. Not everyone enjoys the smell of belachan, salted fish, or durian either, but none of these have the tendency to penetrate walls and cling to fabrics quite like curry.
All he had to do was hedge his bets. Alright, maybe I got the number wrong. We can both cite our sources online later on. But it is true that the People's Action Party is seeking to increase Singapore's population, in no small part through increasing the number of foreigners, right? That's it. One paragraph, 30 seconds, he would seem reasonable, he gets to move on with his arguments. But nope, he just had to double down. 6.9m, 10m, why is that the hill you chose to die on? Just focus on your argumentation, you're choosing to debate a number instead of debating his point.
All I can say is, do not let anyone of any race change who you are. Take them as a stepping stone. There might be a reason why we are experiencing this. My dad go through this all the time even before I was born. The racism is not so secretive in Singapore. It can happen to everyone. And I was told it to be 'casual racism'. The fuck is that? Anyways. Regardless of race, language or religion. These fuckers will do whatever it takes to make fun of how we live our lives, how we talk, how we eat, hell, even how we smell. To track back why racism exist. Here it is. Who has been picked on all the time? What skin colour has been made fun of and picked on for centuries? The blacks, the browns. They make fun of us to make themselves feel the superior for being the brighter skin . It was never meant to be pleasant. It shouldn't be a thing. But the sad thing is, it keeps happening. I do not know what the fuck their parents told them or what the fuck kind of sorcery they put themselves under, but fucking hell, let me live how I want to live. Stop comparing my skin with an indian and stop calling me I look the same like indian when I am malay. I wish I could kill that chinese man dead in the ground when I could have. This happened at my internship. It wasn't pleasant. I wish him a happy accident for all I care.
All I can think of is that the screws at the top of the notices look like smiley faces or thomas the engine zoom in
All in the name of not wanting more foreign workers here queue slow clap
All it takes is some buffoon on screen to bust out in hokkien out of nowhere and all the old people be like he he he funi
All lose in this case. government kena malu if this hit international news. Three souls probably have criminal record.
All lot of the money spent on NDP has already been spent on things like labour, rehearsals, etc.
All non-singaporeans are already banned from India. What does this guy even want more? Ban our own people from coming back just like Australia?
All of this is from pasir ris park? Might have to give it a visit though I live in the west .
All of US's most important allies or partners so its not surprising I guess, though alliance with the US should matter little in the face of such naked aggression by Russia.
All our managers came together to chat about this. No one had much to say. I work in a restaurant
all over this thread got people just basically blaming OP for not being thick skinned enough . so blatant
All schools in Singapore are good schools, but some are plusgood and and a few are doubleplusgood.
All that talk, what are the plans made in place so that Singaporeans actually want to defend this piece of land? How can we strengthen our identity? How do we improve unity? How to make sure everyone sacrifices and experiences the same pain? If they can't make foreigners and females go through the same and give us a common identity to fight for, we have already lost any war before it has even begun.
All the average working class worker's dream is to strike lottery and retire. Every week same thing, talk about when they win they quit their job and retire. Sad reality is everybody in the working class already know they will never retire peacefully if their only source of income is the salary. Because the salary is low and the cost of living is high.
All the best to you and f&b business. Definitely will be tabao more from my favourite places and hope they last another round of beating.
all the best! if you're looking for a 1 bed 1 bath, there was a place we were looking at that was ok with cats which we passed on. you can pm me
All the best, you can do it! I got a job unexpectedly after trying for long as well
All the clowns here saying why didn't others step in, watch the video, do you see anyone that even matches the attacker physically? This is on top of the attacker being a seasoned or trained fighter running who is currently running on pure adrenaline. Unless you have confidence that you can physically restrain him in the worst case scenario, the correct option is always to get help rather than getting involved.
All the more Singapore should support Russia then. If some mofo decided to do a naval blockade, meaning no cargo ship can dock at Singapore, then it means war without the need for them to cross the causeway or coming up from Sentosa or Keppel first
all the nsfs with their 7 hours of uninterrupted rest be pulling the average well below 8 hours
All the parents in Singapore will hug their kids a bit tighter tonight. Guys if you are around tonight or tomorrow, let's lay some flowers in the boy's memory. It's the least we could do to try comfort the grieving family. I can't imagine how they must be feeling now. If you are struggling mentally, please reach out for help. Many therapists out there offer sliding scale pricing for those who need but can't afford it. Or try to find someone to speak to. You can get through this.
All the people downvoting you clearly have never trained. I don't know why everyone here is calling the assailant a skilled martial artist someone even said he's Ip Man level when all he's really using are his elbows and knees. And martial artists hold back, because they know how fragile the human body can be. Untrained people first hit you, then think about the consequences after. He did not know how to transition to a mount or back take when the victim was on the ground. He may be athletic, or he may have watched too much Tony Jaa, but he's definitely not well-trained. He just decided to throw random strikes at the victim while the victim was down. And it was against a non-resisting opponent! It was like hitting a stationary punching bag. His 12-6 elbows and stomps are illegal in MMA. Anyone with MMA training would go for a submission or proper ground-and-pound. As you mentioned, someone with training in the self-defence aspects of BJJ or MMA would be able to handle this man. I think people don't understand that we literally do full-contact sparring all the time, and are trained to hold our own against a violent person like this. Not saying that anyone can or should try to help, but I definitely would have stepped in. BJJ or MMA skills have been used to subdue violent assailants overseas and such incidents have been documented. Good law enforcement departments have been training their officers in BJJ or MMA. For anyone curious, you can check out this video and others like it here. people are saying the best course of action would be to stay away, capture evidence and use the emergency button. But would they willingly say the same if they were the victim? Or if their loved one was the one being brutally pummelled?
All these keyboard warriors. Have you ever seen a fight in person? The rage and emotion driven by the attacker cannot be stopped by your hey stop it! . The best thing to do is to record the event more angles the better and stay till the end to be a witness. None of us know if the witnesses stayed with the victim until help arrived.
All these panic-driven behaviours e.g. ostracizing our frontline healthcare staff, stockpiling essentials unnecessarily are disgusting me to be honest.
All travellers direct from India do 21 days hotel quarantine. Some who have spent 14 days elsewhere previously eg Sri Lanka, although this is no longer possible can apply to quarantine at home. I have to agree that Stay Home Notice is a really shitty name for hotel quarantine though.
all we are asking for is frank honesty Ouch, tough one. Only if it fits the convenient narrative.
All we need is some cuckoo with power who thinks his life destiny is to rescue the people of Singapore.
All with the UK announcing 40,000 cases yesterday at the same time as opening up night clubs. 10x the population 217x the number of cases
All you need now is wolf milk, funky 80's TV set and aircon at full blast
All you people saying overworked, when in reality you mean jacking off while playing DOTA. . Having said that. I have no doubt that we sleep a lot less than other countries. Think we need a cultural shift for people tp be okay with just staying at home and sleeping early when the time comes.
all your reactions were expected and that was the plan. singapore not ready for an indian PM because they were prepared to have an indian opposition leader
Allergic to both mRNA and non-mRNA vaccines? As far as I know, if you have an allergic reaction to Pfizer or Moderna, MOH will give you a referral for Sinovac or Sinopharm
allowing one side to flagrantly violate international law and then claim international law to lambast others' response is called getting played like a fiddle . Either you are naive or you are a Putinist.
alot of alt accounts have been banned or faded over time though a bunch still pop up here and there
alot of uniformed regulars here dont even know what the frontline units do, alot of them are just there for the job
Already say is with respect to religious and ethnic groups in Singapore ok. Don't need be so caught up with the word equality when they already put a qualifier at the end.
Also bullets shot into the air do eventually drop back down to earth and can cause decent damage to whatever they land on.
Also correction 16 recruits are in each bunk basically living normally with each other, surprised nobody as contracted covid yet. Army has been lucky so far.
Also don't forget the regular skill training camps and leisurely annual company retreat. in the lush green forests.
Also if I'm not wrong, if surrounded by civilians, warning shot is not advisable because of increased collateral risk. I can't rmb my ST lessons that well tho
Also parents, don't force your kids into a school they don't want just because is has a better entry score. I wanted to go to a neighbourhood school because I know I'd be happy there. But narcissistic mom just had to force me into some far away school in AMK. Didn't mixed in and I had to spend 4 years constantly mocked and isolated. Not wanting to cause any more trouble, I sucked it up and tahan the 4 years. I survived and am now in a polytechnic course I'm finally happy in. But the 4 tormenting years has already left their scars.
Also rich coming from an obvious CCP troll account that's young and low karma with a post history sucking Xitler the Pooh's dick.
Also sympathy for Russian families who apparently sent their 18 year olds for mandatory NS and didn't expect this to happen I mean can all countries do this ? Theoretically. Sending NS men who didn't sign on as a career solider ?
Also the colour of the building is different as well as there's no giant longkang anywhere near ttsh.
Also the reason why LTK came up with the east strategy. If they canvass the whole region over the intervening years, it doesn't matter as much how People's Action Party gerrymanders the boundaries, they would have covered the ground.
Also the sheer number of people even midly ill or with positive test would mean a huge number would not be working in shops, healthcare providers, taxis . It would be chaos. In the UK they had what they called the 'Pingdemic'.
Also took a similar shot at the sentosa boardwalk! There was a sunset right beside it as well. Pretty crazy
Also, although my company is on corporate Grab, I always select the Standard Taxi option to try and divert some of that corporate cash to cabbies. Not saying they deserve it more than the PHC drivers, but the Grab platform really disadvantages the cabbies so I try to level the field whenever I can. I ask my wife to do the same too
Also, this respect for the elderly thing is laudable, but guys, drag your parents or grandparents to vaccination centers even if you have to carry them.
Also. you seem like a sweet summer child. If you ever buy those discounted spa or beauty treatments you will get the upsell talk and be pressured to buy expensive packages. The way to deal with these salespeople is first to tell them you're not buying anything today. Sit back in the chair and cross your arms. Tell them you need to leave and want to pay for whatever service you just received. If they still don't let you leave start dialling 999 on your phone. They will 100% let you pay and leave asap.
Alternate reality debate ends Jamus Lim si bei sian see you all kpkb, k zao liao bye. Thank you fellow Singaporeans!
Although I have kids I agree that Singapore is a terrible place to have kids, or family. It's hard enough to raise kids, even harder to raise them as well-adjusted, good people with a balanced life. I have to spent so much time teaching my kids my take on morals and values, and a lot about why we should not follow the Singapore way e.g. obsession with grades and money . Just imagine. I place the blame squarely on the government, their economy-at-all-costs policies and the elitist fraud that is their brand of meritocracy . Ultimately, the truth simply is, they don't care about us, and it shows. We are just their money-making machine.
Always have your earphones in and don't make eye contact with them. Sometimes they will wave their hand in front of my face or walk up to me while saying Hi! in that unnatural chipper voice. In that case, I just put my hand up like the cardboard policeman and keep walking. NEVER BREAK STRIDE.
Always like how they will start their pitch with Just give me 1 minute of your time, I'm not trying to sell you anything . Encounter these folks recently too at Buona Vista MRT when I was rushing for a meeting and got to say they are super sticky and annoying. Best part was when her pitch exceeded 1 minute she had the cheek to say Give me another 2 minutes. and proceeded to try to get my CC details out. Morale of the story is cannot be too nice and don't need to feel bad at all for saying no. Anyways if you enjoy reading and looking for something like the above company for FREE! You can head to for all your reading needs My go to for all my books! PS. I'm really not here to sell you anything. .
Always wonder what happens when we get invaded since we have quite a few fighter jets overseas, some in Australia, some in USA. Is this some 5head insurance policy? Like we kenna gg bombed, but then we can cry for help and ask them to help sent the planes back. Can't even bomb what is not even in the country.
Alyonka chocolate, which is iconic and delicious. A bit of an overstatement. It's a very greasy chocolate, certainly not good and an acquired taste. I do consume it but it't a far cry from the simplest average chocolate. A bit of information on the Alionka namebrand. The chocolate has the picture of a baby pritnted on it's wrapping. Alionka is the daughter of Valentina Tereshkova, the first female cosmonaut. I wrote a bit about them once here in reddit. The plain chocolate, ironically is mostly made in Ukraine.
Am proud that our country chose to take a clear stance on this conflict on the basis of principles.
Am sure. And am sure the republican appointed judges did rule against trump when he was the sitting president. I get from you that orange man bad vibe. but mkay Brett Kavanaugh ruled against trump on his tax record subpoena. Yeah that judge that got hit by the well orchestrated fake rape circus. And he was a heavily backed trump pick
Amazing 4G leadership! Please call for an elections again this year because I am very sure a lot of people will wanna vote for you all and give you the well deserving mandate! So proud to have smart leaders like you all!
Amazing speech. I wonder if we would share the same sentiment towards a Chinese invasion over Taiwan.
Amazing, he had his mask on the whole time, I can't even keep my mask from slipping when I'm talking.
Amazing. Singapore is a shining beacon of traditional culture and values in these times of depravity and corruption.
Amen brother. Always remember to give more, sacrifice more, rip out your heart and lungs, only then may you achieve the ultimate approval from the deities
America made race-based housing discrimination illegal in 1968, more than 50 years ago. Hopefully Singapore catches up
America Nearly half 45% of African Americans experienced racial discrimination when trying to rent an apartment or buy a home. UK Black and Asian people were almost five times more likely to experience discrimination when looking for a safe, secure and affordable home than white people
American here, with no idea about Singapore politics. First impressions of this guy is that he is damn charismatic and seems like a huge proponent of democracy. Anybody else wants to share some more information with me? This seems very interesting
Amidst all the plans to loosen existing covid measures What plans? Looks like they're living in some alternate reality
Amused that in his experiment to test how the paper currencies would fare in sulphuric acid , the Japanese host made sure to submerge the non-presidential side of the notes as a sign of respect. So considerate, even in acts of vandalism
An amazing humble player. So proud of how far she has come! Looking forward to the upcoming team event.
an attacking country will never be as motivated as a defending one, esp when most of the troops are like yeah but why are we going in? cant we leave them alone?
An elitist leopard doesnt change its spots. This abhorrent comment speaks to his mindset, one that regards others less eloquent and well educated as beneath himself. This is not the first time it has happened, either. Just watch how he handled himself in the roundtable with Jamus in the GE. We need to hold politicians accountable or risk sending a message that such disgusting mindsets are tolerated, with the worst outcome being a slap on the wrist. Michael Palmer was sacked as Speaker for marital indiscretion, something that, while immoral, does not impact his ability to contribute to Singapore's political scene . This is arguably worse, as we have here a Minister that has clearly demonstrated his disdain for the majority of the population, a population that pays him handsomely to lead us. Is this the kind of leadership we accept? Is he someone that we want in Parliament?
And across Asia, only Singapore, Japan and South Korea among the 80 states co-sponsored the resolution, from what I read
And all the rhetoric about all schools are good schools , psle doesn't determine your future blah blah blah This is the same Vivian who asked if you want to eat at hawker centres , foodcourt or restaurants years ago . He's really 60 years young , time to grow up
And as a small guy, you have a bonus of +5 AGI so there's no way the guy playing Bruiser can catch up
And Australia and New Zealand both stopped that, and they are all living near normal lives.
And before anyone says oh you need to be married in order to get build-to-order housing before 35 years old. , yes but you can be married without having an extravagant wedding, register as a couple via ROM will suffice.
And businesses shpuld be able to hire exactly who they want freely. Why can't they decide based on race, religion and nationality?
And food and water and electricity too. Plus they're not on their feet all day depending on the employer. They can opt for more days off a month but subject to a pro rated salary reduction. Some prefer to not take the extra days off so they can save more money.
And honestly for 90% of the people. Life wouldn't differ too much. But if you happen to be someone that the new regime doesn't like, then there is a window you might end up falling out of. Should the 90% not stand up for the rest, in the name of avoiding war or bloodshed? attitudes here are an absolute minority once you take a step outside the island, most people arent as passive as the islanders here.
And humane working hours. No amount of money justifies sleep deprivation, clocking 24 hour-days or having all leave cancelled. Employment is not a synonym for indentured servitude.
And I hope that you also never find yourself one day in the wrong side of the values and beliefs of different ethic and religious communities. Don't assume that you'll always benefit from this calculus and when that happens, I'm sure you'll feel better when people justify your oppression
And if it comes down to hit someone? Then what? You've just killed someone with a warning shot
And if you waited even longer, TRAIN will show up next And then And then And then And then And then it when back to MRT again and TRAIN again.
And in the first place, everyone is entitled x amount of sick leave or MC. Who is the employer to decide what is a more valid reason? If they take too much, start docking their pay with unpaid leave. Shitty employers need to be weeded out of the industries slowly.
And ISA jioed the NCCS to coffee after the church pastor urged the congregation to turn out to vote. The fundamental Christians overplayed their hands in that way and realised the pushback. Now they lobby in a much more subtle way by setting up their own groups to provide family work that's aligned with the government. glares at Focus on the Family
And it is so in UK and US law too. Discrimination only occurs in the context of protected characteristics or classes. For example, a person could not be sued for discrimination if they chose to refused their property to drummers or trumpeters. The difference is that UK chose to extend the list of protected characteristics to include sexual orientation.
And it worked. I've been using Grab just because I'm used to it, had no idea Comfort was so much cheaper. Just downloaded the app and set up an account. Sick of Grab's monopoly.
And its the same 99.co founder or CEO who shared their experienes due to Indian spouse and started an initiative to remove race column or to put all races welcome tag. To help with this ongoing situation and to show support for inclusivity with diversity-friendly, Singapore property search portal 99.co has a 'Diversity Friendly' tag on its platform for property listings. The tag replaces 99.co's previous 'All Races Welcome' initiative tag which had been in place since 2014, when the property search portal first started its fight against housing discrimination.
And Jack Neo be like please drink it first to decide for yourself if it is toxic milk or green tea milk
And keep it in the freezer. Invite friends and relatives over for ice cream then showcase it to them.
And Malaysia is also in the ring wrong timezone, so both Singapore and Malaysia are both offenders. Singapore could have changed to +7 GMT after gaining independence but it did not do so.
And my favourite Of course, there are just some challenges on the ground that we need to overcome, but we just need to put some thought into it.
And next thing you know, you are inside the MRT Train, with the MRT Train announcement inside starts playing Lion King The Circle Of Life Song and all 4 Lion King 1, 1 1 or 2, 2 and 3 Movies songs all the way back to Singapore EW 33 Tuas Link MRT Station to EW 1 Pasir Ris MRT Station.
And next thing you know, you are inside the MRT Train, with the MRT Train announcement inside starts playing Lion King The Circle Of Life Song and all the Lion King 1, 2 and 3 Movies songs all the way back to Singapore EW 33 Tuas Link MRT Station to EW 1 Pasir Ris MRT Station. Here are 4 video links of the Lion King The Circle Of Life Song, link 1 is the song lyrics and link 2 is also the song lyrics and link 3 is the cartoon version and link 4 is the comparison of both 1994 and 2019 version of The Circle Of Life Song
And not handing their kids money for the groceries. Damn, you just made me relive some childhood trauma.
And not to seem demeaning, but it's kinda like getting a cat or dog. Sometimes it is self gratification, but there is a caring reason for it, like only getting pets from a shelter. That probably says more to a person than just accepting an accidental pregnancy and toughing it out.
And now they can't risk the gamble again, now that we know how close the contest ended up. A few thousand more people convinced to call their bluff the next time will cost them another minister.
And one wouldnt argue that Biden stole the election. So did Biden reverse this policy by Trump again since he did rejoin Paris Climate thing? And whats so hard to sign it when they are practically in full compliance on anti-land mine policy? Lastly, did they destroy any existing land mine stockpiles?
And please . Let's stop here. You have your opinion, I have mine. We have criticised each other's viewpoint. Very sian already. My work group is stepping up on production and I have no more energy to type. Thank you very much.
and popeyes has a $12 for 12 deal thing from 17-18 May through delivery. they fucking predicted this would happen
And Russian soldiers are doing that, en masse. They're surrendering to Ukraine and giving up. Most of them only have the courage to do so through their platoon leaders. Instead of seeing the good, you just want to find more reason to hate.
And Russian soldiers are doing that, en masse. They're surrendering to Ukraine and giving up. That's simply not true. I applaud those who did, but they are a miniscule minority. Instead of seeing the good, you just want to find more reason to hate. So tell me, who is pulling triggers on the ground? Putin? Who is aiming the missiles? Putin? Who is good here? Every single Russian soldier on the ground? Because a few of them surrendered?
and that burnout is caused mainly and solely by covid? you're living under a rock as large as your ignorance if you cannot recognise the inherent issues in healthcare the toxic environment coupled with bad management that had nothing to do with covid.
And that is some of their biggest downfalls and hindrances, hilarious as it kind of is.
And the alternative turn the boots off from National Service and makes it less likely that they would like to fight. You actually need the infantry recruits, who will suffer the most casualties, to be excited to finally able to carry lethal weapons and learn how to fight and kill. That's the problem with the three armies the Americans tried to build. 15,000 Iraqi troops melted away at 1,500 head choppers. You don't need an army of layabouts and clerks. That's what the staff officers are for. If you think hiring them is a waste of money, well, most armies most of the time are full of frauds and wastes. Wars are rare.
and the corruption was never proven? so it was assumed he committed suicide out of guilt or shame?
And the danger of social media and over consumption over indulging , always addicted to one thing or another , always needing instant gratification. It's a really messed up world and dangerous to bring any new life to this earth. So much to fix.
And the epic echo chamber because anyone that says anything that doesn't follow the child-free narrative gets downvoted. Almost mistake this sub for sometimes.
And the government doesn't do anything to clarify this mindset How should the government be clarifying this mindset? Aside from the various websites they have.
And the one who found the body. Hope he or she wasn't alone when they walked into the room and made that gruelling discovery.
And the police officers are most likely trained to shoot at non vital body parts. My understanding is that they are trained to shoot at center of mass. Main reason to avoid missing and having bullet go where they aren't meant to go, e.g. bystander. Also, there is no non-vital body part that is easy to aim at, so non-lethal shootings are a matter of accident, not intention.
And the police officers are most likely trained to shoot at non vital body parts. There's no such thing as aiming for non-vital body parts , at least in Singapore police and military. If you point a gun loaded with live ammo at someone, aim for centre of mass and be prepared to kill them. If you're not prepared to kill them, don't point a loaded gun at them.
And the US supreme court gave the people the Miranda rights ruling Stop hiding in the well and waving that everything US bad hat
And the worst is those kids who are brought up under these parents who end up in university without ever doing any sort of customer service emerge into society like cunts. Compare this, compare that, only want the cheapest, the best, the quickest without stopping to reflect if their attitude or questions are appropriate or not when interacting with retail staff. Sometimes I wonder if we've got an entire generation of sociopaths on our hands.
And their mental health. Pretty much being forced to stay home is bad but stay home with abusive family members with no hope in sight? Even worse.
and then one of the alumni had just wondered a bit too loudly, how did you all make it there? P
And then they see our 50 dollar note and wonder what the fuck went wrong. Back to paper, so it tears easily. And it's freaking huge that it sticks out like a sore thumb in your wallet. God forbid they ever see our 500 dollar or 1grand notes.
And then when your tenant cannot pay rent, both of you end up on the street. Can't believe how quickly people forgot 2008
And then your kid isn't booksmart and couldn't enter a government university. So you tell him to pay for his own private degree. While you save your cpf money.
And there are those with decaying hdb leases who may to be able to resell their flats to unlock the value. Basically rented the flats with their cpf OA. Only consolation is leaving whatever remains of the flat lease for their next gen after they die.
And they gained alot of support this year around and were able to prove themselves as a REALLY formidable oppo with the voting margins so close things are turning around !
And this is a female golden orb weaver. Males are far smaller and usually end up being eaten by females after impregnating them. Females are the massive ones.
And this is why People's Action Party have opposed full recordings of parliament proceedings all the while. Paid millions but don't know how and when to keep your mouth shut. Won't be surprised if they stopped live recordings after a year saying that there is low viewership.
And this person is the AG which is appointed by the government. Theres an off chance, however small, that it can be weaponised against gay minorities like myself in the future for political points Hitler vs Jews and gays? . If we end up having such a degenerate government there's a greater issue than lgbt rights but such a threat looming above us isn't exactly assuring
and those are the doctors that will be treating people in the hospital in the future.
And those old aunties and uncles who could have been 6 months vaccinated by now. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
And those who taught the culprit too? They may be ridden with guilt, wondering if they had done something to the guy that made him go berserk.
And we just need to pay the healthcare worker well and solve all the management issues. Then they won't be overwhelmed by the sheer numbers anymore. Time to open up. I am being sarcastic but this is honestly what a lot of people in this sub will reply.
And what does primary and sceondary school have to do with this issue when nobody is pushing for HRT for primary and secondary sch students. The issue here is that she has gone through the proper medical channels and yet Ministry of Education still stepped in to stop her treatment.
And what position are you in to compare the experiences of minorities in various countries? And pray tell where else you've lived? And if you are a minority in Singapore? I have also lived in the US, the UK, India, Japan and Malaysia. Singapore has been the worst experience, by far, and are the people here even compared to majority-race-affirmative-action Malaysia are the most poorly equipped to have productive and nuanced conversations about race. Possibly because the majority has convinced itself that racial harmony has been achieved and is patting itself on the back. But all we have is no riots because the laws penalize people who protest thw status quo for disrupting social harmony or offending other races. The reason other places may sound worse is because they are now having difficult conversations that reveal the true extent of the ugliness. Singapore isn't there yet. I mean, ffs, we're still at is it preferences or is it racism? I don't disagree that the world is fucked up and that there are racists everywhere, but of the rich European and English-speaking countries, Singapore is at the bottom of the list. Easily. For what it is worth, I also think that the two videos we saw, old incel man against miscegenation and dumbass woman banging gong to interrupt prayer or ritual, were minor. Doesn't bother me as much as the relentless casual racism , the race obsession, and the preferences bs. Finally, even if you were right, how the fuck is that a good argument for not being self-critical and attempting to improve ? Yeah it's worse in other places so we have nothing to do.
And when he dies, his grandkids would live on to tell the tale. with video proof.
And when he's a senior citizen , he's gonna tell his grandkids when i was young, gong was a rebel.
And where exactly do you fire this warning shot so It can't hit someone and kill them?
And yet gay people still can't get married despite holding Pink Dot every year. Do you have a better idea or do you just like wanking off People's Action Party?
And yet public transport is still somehow - miraculously - a covid free zone. It's incredible.
And yet the vast majority of computer mouses and desk set-ups are made for right-handers, especially the ergo-mouse. Where is the justice.
And yet when I point this out I either get downvoted or people say I'm xenophobic
And you get to decide what is unjust based on your feelings? Sounds like an SJW mentality
And? If someone is showering Singapore with rocket artillery, I don't think they will waste valuable anti-ship missiles hitting random merchant ships at sea. You have completely missed the point. You think the ships only sail through? Singapore has the world's busiest container port. The trade that comes through this area forms part of the global supply chain. These ships dock in Singapore. They refuel in Singapore. They carry out operations in Singapore. We handle about half the world's annual supply of crude oil. Any threat to Singapore will most likely endanger global operations of corporations and countries. Singapore has proven itself to be much less corruptible and much more capable administratively than the countries which are the most likely to attack us. Yes and no. Administratively or tactically, the US Army has no peer. It also has not win all that many wars recently. I'm not talking about the US and Russia. I'm talking about Malaysia and Indonesia, the two countries that would probably find it the easiest logistically to attack us, have previously run wargames to that effect Operation Pukul Habis and would arguably stand to gain the most from taking over Singapore. Please read up more about the geopolitics and economics of Singapore before commenting about something I'm not sure you understand. edit Clarity and added info
Andrew Goh Keng Guan was the assistant head of the Talent Group with the Economic Development Board's EDB Resource Development Division. He was responsible for recommending applications for Permanent Residence PR under the EDB's Deposit Scheme. In 1998, Goh processed an application for Tse Kengchun, a Chinese businessman. Subsequently, Goh asked for a loan from Tse. When Goh wanted to repay the loan, Tse told him to keep it as a token of his gratitude for help in his PR application. Subsequently, Goh demanded $50,000 per successful application from Tse when the latter approached Goh for help for applications for his Chinese associates. Goh was sentenced to 26 months' imprisonment and ordered to pay a penalty of $380,000.
annoying that they identified it as the indian variant virus. could have stopped all flights like 2 weeks back to prevent this nonsense. all too worried about their new portfolio.
Anonymous, Here I am, holding this signboard and protesting. Let Singapore and the world see this message. Hohoho, hopefully the government will see this and ban all flights from India.
Another BS that minorities keep hearing is that it is the boomers who are racists and not the educated youths. Racism in Singapore is systemic. It is not deliberate, but rather, the unintended consequence of our 'national' ideals. Don't blame the boomers. There are plenty of racist youths here too.
Another clusterfuck that we all saw coming. Recent university grad and am awaiting on an offer from a company, hoping this situation doesn't throw them off or deter anything. Hope whoever is in the same situation where their job or career could potentially be on the line will hang in there
Another downside is they tend to get stuck together when they are moist . I remember being quite amazed when I first handled polymer notes if I remember correctly Aussie currency? .
Another paper general parachuted into politics vs economist with work exp World Bank and IC who bring new perspective. If only everyone bother to read up and care about politics, it'll be as clear as water to them too. NO BLANK CHEQUE FOR People's Action Party
Another responsible parent? Am I in the twilight zone or have I just been surrounded by toxic people my whole life.?
Another tai-chi explanation. Basically they are saying we are not going to do it anyways, why care about it then? The question that should be thrown back is since you don't do it, and you say you are not going to do it, then why have it in the legal code? This is not essay-writing, you don't need to add bullshit to the penal code to add word count.
Another thing that I felt Ymy lost a lot of points in was the third ball especially when Mima goes for the banana flick or strawberry flick. Almost seemed like 70% of the time it was very difficult for her to return that
Another thing to point out is that UK police officers aren't issued firearms by default, they have to go through special selection or training to be an AFO Authorised Firearms Officer to be able to be able to carry firearms
Another update from ST Teenager arrested for suspected involvement in the death of 13-year-old victim The Police have arrested a 16-year-old male Singaporean teenager, a Secondary 4 student, for his suspected involvement in the death of a 13-year-old male Singaporean teenager, a Secondary 1 student. On 19 July 2021 at about 11.40am, the Police received a call for assistance at 6 Boon Lay Avenue. Upon arrival, officers found the 13-year-old teenager lying motionless, with multiple wounds at a toilet at the said location. The 13-year-old teenager was pronounced dead at scene by an SCDF paramedic. Preliminary investigations revealed that the two male teenagers are not known to each other. Notwithstanding the preliminary findings and the arrest of the teenager, the Police are continuing their investigations into the motive for the assault. An axe was also seized as case exhibit. The Police will be charging the 16-year-old in court on 20 July 2021 with murder, with a view to seeking an order from the court to remand the teenager for psychiatric assessment. The Police will conduct a thorough investigation and the full facts will be established in court. Pending the court proceedings, the Police would like to urge members of the public to refrain from speculating on the case out of respect for the family of the deceased.
Another user said something like just want to be different, not follow TREND as the unvaxx excuse. Really roll my eyes
Another way of saying this is, if everyone is vaccinated, you will only have vaccinated deaths, and if no one is vaccinated, you'll only have unvaccinated deaths.
Another week. Another thread about how OP cannot fucking say a two letter word NO to a complete stranger. What do they teach in schools these days
Anti -russian actions? brother seriously? What about you all killing people in Ukraine that's a thing you know
Anton Casey Fled to Perth after the fiasco. Same as the Malay wedding $50 Amy Cheong. Why these cowards all flee to Perth once shit hits the fan?
Anton Casey taking the MRT and labelling it as the 'stench of the poor' - he's now back in Singapore trying to rebrand himself as Anthony Casey. Most people probably forgot about this dude already. dude's never ridden the BART in Bay Area or the A train NYC subway. that's a literal stench because a homeless and drunk person had passed out on the seat next to you and peed on themselves
Anton Casey taking the MRT and labelling it as the 'stench of the poor' - he's now back in Singapore trying to rebrand himself as Anthony Casey. Most people probably forgot about this dude already. Teenagers like me also probably don't know much about the Michael Faye incident cause it happened quite a long time ago. There's also the time where the CIA tried to bribe Lee Kuan Yew when we were still an emerging young country.
Any further tightening of our border controls to reduce transmission vectors? It can't be the case that we're going into phase 1.5 while the borders go phase 3 right?
Any other Malays like me out there ? I don't pray five times, I already forgot how to read all the recitations. I don't really learn about Allah and the prophets and all that. But at the same time, I don't eat pork, go drinking, go clubbing and all that. Like I don't do things what you'd expect someon who renounced the religion would do. But I still genuinely fast each year and sometimes when my friends invite me, I'll go to Friday prayers, though I just pretend since I forget alot of the steps. I feel like I do alot of these things due to culture and not the religion edit And it's not like I don't believe in God either. I don't totally reject the religion, I'm just not a big fan of worshipping it or how it dictates some people's lives. My cousin actually broke up with his Chinese gf because she wasn't willing to convert. I just think that kind of thing sucks.
Any pictures of Putin, Stalin or even Dolph Lundgren? edit Must be Putin and Commie lovers who are downvoting my comment. Obviously don't know how to see a Western joke when they see one.
Any predictions about where to camp for their victory parade? I'm gonna camp at river vale plaza
any proselytizing religion should be banned from doing so, in my opinion. most of these religious types should instead dedicate their time and effort into helping the less fortunate, instead of bothering normal regular folk going about their day.
Any reason why Today interviewed a CEO of a Laos company instead of a Singapore company? Quick google search edit Laos instead of Thai
Any school can be stressful. It's a function of expectations from student, parents and school. You can have A students who are not stressed, A students who are stressed, and the same of students failing. It's a fine line between trying to get students to do their best and work harder, vs pushing them beyond what they can cope mentally. Doesn't help that students may not be willing to talk to their teachers or their parents these days, and end up possibly getting possibly poor advice from peers or online.
Anybody read Fujimoto's new oneshot look back yesterday? This is so freaky what the fuck. the timing and everything. One hell of a coincidence.
Anybody who preaches to others who did not ask for it are just annoying pricks. Your religious concerns are not my problem. You do you I'm not saying you can't. Just don't bother others with it.
anyone rmb this case of teen bullying back in the early 2000s or late 1990s? She was confined against her will in one of the bully's house and there was like a group of them of say 8-9 people. During this time, she was scalded and had to commit obscene acts with a dog or smtg. I can't seems to dig out anything about this anymore.
Anyone who doesn't think twice will still have to be accountable for it if they do! It's part of adulting. Do things for the shits and giggles or have 1000 reasons in an excel spreadsheet and there will still be consequences good or bad .
Anyone who gets into some sort of confrontation involving knives or any other type of bladed weapon needs to be prepared to be cut or stabbed. It ain't like the movies where you can just siam and parry shit. Not how it works in real life.
Anyone with Premiere CC skills who can edit this gif into this format would be a karma millionaire overnight
Apart from the compulsory service isnt this the dream life of practically every middle class westerner or citizen from a developed country? Everything seems pretty normal Born, study, work, marry, wife, kids, house, work, work, work, new house, work, work, work, retire, reverse mortgage, disease, death. Plenty of ups and downs but from what I've seen that's the general gist. Definitely privileged.
Apologies if you have tried this route already, but your doctor also excluded you from taking Sinovac or Sinopharm as well?
Apologies. You seemed awfully defensive of Air India and against us returning our citizens in managed and organised and risk mitigated flights. Awfully funny for a 4th gen Singaporean to be more defensive of India than Singapore and fellow Singaporean interest. Really invited me to doubt your nationality. Maybe I should have assumed you had stocks in Air India or something. Even our new citizens deserved to be brought back safely and there should be systems in place to prevent in flight transmission. Repatriation flights give us the control to do so, to both protect the passengers and regulate the flow so that we can cope. Its safer for the returnee and safer for all of us here too . India has no bloody reason to stop humanitarian flights over Air India's need to keep afloat.
Apparently I look very young or what in my casual clothes with mask on because they always like to stop me with hi are you in jc do you read books and me in my 30s being like no I don't bye and nyoom away . I do not know man, they really hard sell if you stop for them. So I totally get why you feel scared too. Sigh
Apparently most are old videos and fake news. The russians cant even bomb air strips which are strategically more important.
Appearance is one thing. If they really wanted our red dot, they'd best smoke us out. That way they get to keep all the things that make Singapore valuable - the infrastructure public and private ! Destroying the infra is silly because the only thing valuable is the infra, not the land itself.
Appreciate the constructive feedback! Indeed, I should pay more attention to the dynamics of the piece. Still very much trying to improve!
Arab traders came over, Nusantaran rulers loved them and wanted trading right or concessions. Converted over to Islam from Hindu or Buddhism, whole kingdom converts out out loyalty ? edit Changed Malay to Nusantaran
Archaic bosses with no critical thinking, no trust in employees and effectively no room for maneuver. Still want to lay burden on MOH and healthcare worker to take action for you, but when they tell you what guidelines to follow, don't want to follow instead. Dear Mr Lee and all you dinosaur bosses, nobody will show mercy on you when you fall into the same situation one day.
Are companies supposed to just be handed resources just to compete with MNCs on a level battlefield ? How did you think startup companies rose to challenge large MNCs? You think Grab just kaopeh kaobu about taxi companies don't hand taxi companies a blank check before dominating the shared car economy? How and why do you think graduates are being hired in companies? Your sort of thinking is probably no opposition party manage to escape the trap of thinking its the People's Action Party fault.
are people going to keep defending racism? especially in long essay-like paragraphs and advanced vocabulary
Are the Malays in Singapore properly represented in the political arena? Good luck finding the people who actually asked that. the issue is best described as it's complicated . The one who said that apparently voiced support for ISIS in 2014. But the individual's Facebook has been deleted so it's nearly impossible to find his actual words and the site has long since died, but an archive of it exists if you're very interested in reading.
Are they the ones wearing red? Like the ones near buona vista? I don't know, I've always just walked straight and pretended they didn't exist.
Are u telling me that life in Ukraine is close to Czech living ever since Euromaiden?
Are we allowed to name the companies that insist on presenting MC for ART positive employees with symptoms and required rest? Can use this as a shame list for candidates to avoid stepping on bad opportunities. I'm so glad that my employer continue to close its physical office and the default setting is work from home. Before covid, there is no need to present MC already so I'm very disgusted to know some big listed companies insist employee to do so when they are ART positive with symptoms. And insist them to get it from GP still.
Are you arguing for the impact on healthcare facilities, or whether Omnicron is making one or not? I am in full agreement with the former, but I also believe Omnicron being this infectious is also a big reason by itself.
are you bonded? if not, its not too late to chg ur mind. the industry is at a lowest morale here now in Singapore.
Are you considering studying in America? Most people here don't really flex their education just their wealth .
are you for real? OK ok you win. All Russians are just good people who have been brainwashed. You are the master of nuance and critical thinking. They should give you Nobel peace prize.
Are you from Sengkang? Is is strange that you are not the only one who said that People's Action Party will be an easy win and most neighbours will vote for People's Action Party.
Are you implying that vaccines make you immortal? What a sheep, not even the vaccine companies claim that. I am being sarcastic
Are you joking or what? Lee Hsien Loong and Halima Yacob are geriatric. Neither is Zelenski standing on the front lines firing a battle rifle. He's behind the lines, as safe as he can possibly be while trying to build morale and pushing war propaganda. He's doing photo ops to push a narrative for his side. Unless you want to lose very quickly by losing your leader, you should keep them as safe as possible.
Are you me? I feel you. Really disappointing and it's going to be hard to book another date between now and December. Most venue would have been booked.
Are you playing devil's advocate just for the sake of it? Have you even been in the position of any of these healthcare workers before? Maybe you would not at least I hope not yell at nurses or anyone for a cup of Milo, I can assure you from experience that it's a daily occurrence. Don't need to die die dig for you, throw one rock in the hospital can hit such people already . The general population might be patient and understanding BUT those in the hospitals are not the fit, healthy and pleasant general population that you have in mind. They're always sick, in pain and frustrated over the long waiting times and other consequences of inadequate staffing like no updates, long time taken to serve meds, long time taken to serve food. From your mental health focus in Singapore is dead in the water reply to I believe you imagine the patient to be some relatively fit angry person with mental issues when it's more likely than not it's an older, demented patient and that's just par for the course and why does it matter that the story was told halfway as if there's any justification for being abused- mentally unstable means the healthcare worker should be abused? As if healthcare worker abuse is justifiable in every situation and caused only by mentally unstable people. and I find it so amazingly rude for you to confidently just dismiss the experience of people who are actively living this and merely expressing the difficulty of their plight without even an ounce of awareness of what's going on on the actual ground. Even with the illustration of such experiences, there's still people like you who haven't lived it and are even waving off our experiences and honestly getting shouted at for Milo is the least of our worries and to get even that dismissed who's to say the other more serious consequences that we've experienced will be taken seriously? It's true the upper powers should do more to fix the structural problem we have but don't forget this burnout, this workload and this abuse are often contributed to by everyday people similar to yourself who hang out with friends, travel overseas and then get covid and come to the hospital to demand an immediate fix, 5 star service and taking out your frustrations on the healthcare workers when healthcare workers do not even have their basic needs met. Since we don't have the ability to change what the upper powers are doing, we can only ask for compassion from the other party. But hey, why would the people who show the most compassion and empathy need any, right?
Are you serious? Are you mentally defective? Charlottesville happened because some deranged alt right filth ran an innocent lady over with his car. The solution to that problem involves deprogramming people who have spent so much time with their heads shoved up their ass that they think being a member of some vaguely defined group of people automatically makes them superior to everyone else. There is no blame whatsoever to be placed on the people who were not trying to murder anyone else.
Are you sure most religions? Majority of religions are folk, animistic, and have what might be called pagan elements. These are not proselytizing. Only those 'universal' religions like Christianity and Islam are proselytising. I do not know of any other universal examples but prob there are.
Are you sure you served ? You should probably read up again and I didn't serve as a desk fulltime national serviceman
Are you surprise that brainwashing isn't par for the course in a DICTATORSHIP? All Russians are just good people who have been brainwashed This is precisely the reason you have 0 nuances and can't differentiate between Russians who are anti-war and pro-war Russians. because you are implying that the anti-war russians are just as bad as pro-war russians because they aren't rioting and protesting hard enough even though they are risking their lives doing so.
Are you telling us with a straight face that it's equally hard for Chinese and Indians to find rentals?
argument then the than Learn the difference here Greetings, I am a language corrector bot. To make me ignore further mistakes from you in the future, reply !optout to this comment.
As a bonded healthcare worker , if by the time that I complete my studies nothing is resolved I already plan to leave Singapore for good. There's many things that I love about Singapore, but there is no point in sacrificing my mental well being. edit im kidding la i cant afford to break bond -
as a Chinese that grew up in the west I know exactly what you're talking about. I also got fed up with it and moved back to Asia partly as I could never see how I could get promoted and to my amazement even within Chinese there is a divide or class war. Maybe it's just a part of life I do not know .
As a college student struggling to self-discipline during online classes, I'd do anything for a Singaporean mother right now.
As a fan of arpg, looking forward to future development! Jiayou all the best! Will wishlist to support
As a fan of the mainline game, Go doesn't appeal to me. But I am glad it has widespread appeal. More Pokemon fans are always better, in my opinion.
As a foreigner here, I was really hopeful that I could see my family again soon. Now it is clear it is not going to happen for another year at least if I stay in Singapore. Singapore is a great place but having no clarity in terms of next steps is not going to work out.
As a foreigner, I am always shocked by how racist and selfish some chinese are. I have heard a lot of insult towards minority on their back by chinese people. Some absolutely ridiculous shits that I will not post here. Another thing that bugs me is how little knowledge chinese have on minorities. There were quite a few chinese I know who asked dumb qns like Is Prata malay food? I have only done schooling here but there were some slightly racist elements in school too. I think we cannot deny that Chinese is given the most attention compared to other mother tongues in many schools. Other mother tongues were often given less care. Just think about SAP. It just builds the correlation of excellence in academics and excellence in chinese language. I am from a non-SAP school, but my school only celebrates CNY, where people sing chinese songs and MCs in talks would speak in chinese subtitles provided . But we never celebrated hari raya or deepavali. We never celebrate culture and language of non-chinese. The weirdest of all this is the racist chinese are friendlier towards foreigners like koreans and Japanese than malays and Indians. Some even go crazy when they see them. oh my god u are angmoh or korean or Japanese? How can they like foreigners more so than their own countrymen, malays and indians. They know more about those foreign cultures than non-chinese local culture.
As a Houganger, I cannnot be more happy than to welcome Sengkangers to the club victory
As a med tech, thanks for remembering us. We don't just push buttons to churn out results. There is a lot more than meets the eye to our job and I hope the field gets then recognition it deserves.
As a minority in the US, I get you. It's never worth it to erase your culture I did and regret it . Good luck, I wish you well.
As a multiracial society, English acts as the common language. It also helps us as a country that relies heavily on good international relationships.
As a Muslim, I feel you. There's always that uncle or group of uncles in gatherings who's very holier-than-thou, and they'll be grandiosely preaching to anyone they meet eyes with. Actual scholars trained to preach to give da', as it's called. A scholar-preacher is called penda' are never so loud and pushy and in-your-face. They're often very quiet people and do not give unsolicited preachings.
As a parent, I feel really sad for the victim's parent, family. School should be a safe space for the kids, we all assume that. This is honestly more terrible then the news 163 locally transmitted cases. rest in peace boy. To his family, be strong.
As a parent, sick kids come with the terriotory- they fall sick every time they get vaccinated, and once they start preschool it's every few weeks or months. Fever should not really be something parents freak out about. If only most people think like you, this crisis would be manageable. I sat outside a clinic and saw parents yelling at the poor clinic assistant because their child has a 38 degree fever and cannot wait the estimated one hour and was complaining that he was going to report such negligence to MOH. I felt so sorry for the already overworked clinic staff. She told me that they get shouted at minimally twice a day
As a person who could not say no, sometimes, I'll msg my friend to call me and also tell these strangers I'm late for something meeting a friend, class, etc I will say some times they will cling onto you, despite saying you're busy, that's when u get ur friend to call u. If you don't have a friend that's available, say you are late and just walk, they will follow, but they can only follow you up to certain areas
As a person who genuinely loves kids and always saw myself with a family with children not because society says I should because I'm a woman , I have been thinking about this very seriously. The endless school work and cca really gets to me.
As a pr, who has recently finished ns, is it worth to apply for citizenship, where I would maintain Singaporean citizenship, but migrate overseas to live there, preferably Australia or New Zealand? I want to hear views of fellow prs who are considering to convert to citizen here.
As a primer, if things did not change as I remembered as a former ambulance medic ten years ago, SCDF emergency ambulance shifts goes by 2 day shifts, 2 days off, 2 night shifts, 2 off. It's mandatory that our emergency personnel do not go over 24 hours of active duty, they are supposed to rest for 48 hours after that.
As a singaporean born in china, i have to say that's both true and untrue which is unfortunate. Most chinese have never seen a non-chinese in their lives. This means they can be extremely racist without themselves knowing what they did is wrong. Those who are more exposed to foreign cultures usually try to teach them not to be but it is an uphill battle when they have no concept of racism. On the other hand, i was outright denied a seat on a french subway. Told by a staff that he will not tell me where to go after a train broke down. Told by a university professor on exchange that he will teach the class in french despite it being a school that requires the teaching language to be in english. That is after him telling me that he spoke english for 18 years and he is not going to speak it here. All in a short 6 months exchange program. Pretty hard to top those. At least personally for me.
As a Singaporean who moved to Australia, I will be eternally grateful to my parents who let me do this. Coming back to Singapore and seeing what my friends have been up to has been a little depressing
As a small business owner that relies on a physical outlet, I'm super worried. Hoping that there will be a waiver on rent for this period.
As a student from RV, I highly suggest y'all stop gossiping, it's very very triggering edit gossiping and speculation, civil discussion is okay, at least for me and we are VERY beaten up after TWO major incidents in the span of a month ya. I'm grateful to have good friends and mostly good teachers who understand me well and are reasonable, but I know others don't so, if any rv peeps reading here, do reach out for help, to your friends or to me. I'll be honest, still kinda contemplating whether 2020 or 2021 was worse for me.
as a student myself, i'm still trying to reel from the shock that i could be talking to my classmate and the next thing you know, i'll never see them again. school is regarded as a second home to most, so for something so shocking to have happened in a school, by another fellow student, really hits hard. my condolences to the boy and i hope both families can recover from this eventually.
As a transgender person in Singapore, I feel like the best thing to come of this is awareness. We're rarely talked about as anything more than caricatures, and many forget that we are humans too. Being transgender is ultimately just a small part of who we are. Many people I've met mean no malice toward me, they are just ignorant. Unfortunately, in Singapore, mass media has not done much good for the trans stereotype. I personally see this as a chance to stand up and be heard and try to change that. It's a good time to show if you genuinely believe in it your acceptance for transfolk so that our society can see that it's not just some trendy liberal movement. Hopefully transfolk who are still in the closet can see that there are more people out here who are willing to accept them and stand up for them than they might think. The government ultimately needs its people, so social acceptance comes before any kind of legislative action will be considered. I'm sympathetic for Ashlee's story but we still have a long way to go as a society, and in the meantime we still have to play by its rules. I'm sure that the protestors knew what they were in for as well they've gone and helped throw attention on this issue. I don't think we should get angry about the arrests that's a whole other issue about free speech to get into but instead use this as a platform to spread positivity. I don't want special treatment at all. I just want to live a normal life as my preferred gender. I think people forget that.
As a US citizen who watched the US presidential debates earlier this year, it's very refreshing to hear a candidate talking instead of shouting and for the moderator to actually be uh. moderating, by waiting for the candidate to finish the argument before moving on. The environment was very civil and I wish that more US citizens including officials in charge of organizing our debates would watch these so that we can learn and improve our debates.
As a woman, I feel that I would be giving up far more if I were to have a child, rather than remain childfree as I am. Sleep and money and the freedom to pursue whatever career I wish, as well as my hobbies are extremely valuable to me, and having a child would require me to make sacrifices that I am not willing to make.
As a young singaporean myself one more year to be able to vote im so friggin proud of her for not letting that scandal pull her down, the fear in her face when she was apologising shook me to the core so much, kudos to her
As adults our days are longer and we are unable to disconnect from work duringvlunch unlike primary sch days
As an admirer of the creative energies of hindenburg, i am offended. J neo couldn't punch himself out of a wet paperbag.
As an ang moh with ties to Singapore, I think the looming musical chairs cost-of-living economy is awful in Singapore and puts a lot of undue stress on the young. Most people my age I talked to are jaded with their life's heading, lack general purpose in life and live on autopilot between occasional overseas trips. While this may be true for young people in most of the developed world, I think due to the micro-cosmos of Singapore this is only exacerbated. Looking at these comments I am also sad to see that people are fully embracing the personal responsibility, pull-urself-by-the-bootstraps theory, by taking an example from the text wedding and blaming financial illiteracy for systemic flaws in Singapore's society. I think Singapore is tuned to reward just a narrow scope of people who work in stem fields or finance and fail to address the society's broader need for culture, happiness, social security, you know, things that make us human beings instead of equating all of that to things that are made profitable. There is more to say about the gaping income inequality, work culture, generational relationships, but perhaps too much for me to comment on. I don't mean to be a judgmental, privileged ang moh here, just my perspective, coming from someone that has seen, read and travelled a fair bit. I love Singapore and you can bet your asses that I'll be on the first plane there after covid restrictions subside a bit. Love you all and wish you all the best.
As an atheist i stop them before they talk to me because it will only lead to argument, and i tell them im freethinker to be polite
As an enemy attacks and pushes further into your territory, their supply lines become more stretched and vulnerable. This allows large countries by landmass to mount defence in depth - they keep falling back and allowing the enemy to overextend themselves, while their own supply lines grow shorter and more efficient as they are being pushed back . Eventually, when the enemy is stretched all the way, they counterattack with fresh and better equipped forces, and destroy a portion of the attackers. They then push forward again. When the enemy presses the attack, they repeat the pattern of backing away, letting the enemy overextend, and then counterattack. Can't do it in Singapore as the island is too small.
As an ex Raffles boy I don't see what's the big deal about schools. Me and my mates are all pretty average Singaporeans.
As an Indian I only have to say this, WHY HAVEN'T YOU BANNED IT YET? seriously, you should ban all the flights and not put your lives at risk. Stay safe.
As an Indian living in Singapore, I have to agree with him. There is absolutely no need to get the Indian variant of the virus into Singapore which at face value seems to be more virulent than the other known variants of the virus. I don't understand how this becomes racism. I have friends dying to get to Singapore but all I tell them is to stay safe back in India and take all the necessary precautions.
As an Indian, I can tell you guys that this plastic note thing is not introduced to us yet. Also if you look at the demographic and economic situation in India, you can realize that those reactions are legitimate. And most of the Indians know and respect countries like Singapore, Japan, China, US for their advancements.
As an Indian, unfortunately I can't recommend this plan. Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of things to be proud of, however they're more relevant while growing up. As a tourist, that's just not going to work at all
As do straight relationships. I'm rolling right now brother. Straight relationships don't have a 75% rate of intimate partner violence. That's the case for the LGBTQ community in general though, whether or not they are in a relationship, and drops off sharply in more supportive environments. Healthy relationships generally improve mental health across the board, and gays and lesbians in straight relationships are even more miserable. The relationships are pretty central to the behavior itself and are highly abusive, so I'm highly skeptical of the claim that they're a cure rather than the poison. But I agree that homosexuals shouldn't date anyone, let alone straights, unless they put in hard work over years to fix their trauma.
As expected, the government has decided to swing back to the n-th encore of Phase 2. I don't care if this is selfish of me to say, but god send help because I am hella fatigued with this nonsense. edit or Add-on Again, this is a selfish and personal take, but I'm sick of how our age group is losing our youth and hustling time to covid because of some dumb YPs, anti-vax boomers, ham sup los, etc etc etc worsening the covid situation. I know the reality is not as simple as that, but that's certainly how shit feels. Makes me want to be immature and throw a tantrum a little! And not to mention all the harm caused to businesses and employees. The government keeps saying they will provide the relevant financial aid, but they always make the process exceedingly convoluted, as if it were trying to deny your application at every step of the way. Even when I helped my parents apply for stuff like the CRG, all we got was ministry A saying ministry B didn't have the documents we sent them, and hence the application will be rejected and we'll have to start all over. Grrr I just wanna be so paggro rn! Like maybe my whole family is illiterate and can't fill up simple forms . Maybe we're just stupid maybe we can't follow simple instructions maybe that's why we're earning 2k per month and getting fricked by covid . The bush warbler's call is heard first in the morn, but with no worm to bring back to the nest, the bush warbler's call turns to scorn, as any early birds too starve along with the rest. Also. Can't imagine how much it must SUCK to be a business owner in 2021.
As far as I understand it may not have been a direct import - lots of malay or indonesian words found their way into the Dutch lexicon, like pisang banana or tauge beansprouts , or kroepoek prawn crackers . Wouldn't be surprised if those words also ended up in South Africa along the way.
As I commented in another thread, the call for volunteers is to want to underpay either only with stipends or outright want free labour for highly trained healthcare workers. Truly unbelievable with all the highly paid ministers or generals or senior civil servants.
As I recall the lowest number of school hours in Europe is in Finland. Interestingly, they have among the best results as well. Mandatory newspaper reading. Actually not a bad idea, I doubt even a tenth of my fellow high school students regularly read a newspaper. Does that mean parents MUST prepare lunch for their children daily or they'll starve in school? O Well, you can get enough calories from the canteen snacks, I suppose, though it would be cheaper to bring food from home. But no one is too poor to feed their children the state mandates a minimum income of around 20k USD per year , they will take away malnourished or mistreated children from parents who neglect their responsibilities in this way and put them in foster homes. Like most kids I just made the sandwiches at home in the morning and brought them along.
As I understand it, the threat of catastrophe arising from nuclear sources is functionally inconsequential, i.e. you risk just as much having fossil fuel and natgas facilities on Jurong Island.
As if anyone has nothing better to do but spy on small unimportant fry like him with no brains to pick
As if security deposits don't exist to handle the very same reason given to not rent.
As if the durian is fucking aromatic and the soup or food that is cooked at the hawker centres do not leave any trace. They are still allowed.
As in got will to fight but never plan properly . No proper logistics plan etc etc. Most govts don't plan to have enough munitions because its expensive and needs constant restocking. Ao yes developing countries are probably like that. But many articles also point iut that countries like germany and others arent as well stocked as well.
As in they didn't do it earlier due to a lack of courage, if you prefer formal language my sir.
As it happened as I was searching for the europiccola on carousell I found an almost brand new robot for like 60% of retail price so I bit the bullet and got it! It's been one week and I'm getting used to it. I would definitely consider La Pavoni in future if I do want something that steams milk tho I hardly take dairy actually . This coffee thing is a deep rabbit hole.
As long as 377A exists, the issue of civil unions or marriage can't even begin to be addressed.
As long as got no hippies defending the alien they will not unleash their ultra violent destruction pee
as long as minister's salaries are pegged to gdp growth as if this is some magic rainbow we have to keep chasing , this will not change. their salaries should really be pegged in part to median income growth as well as lowest decile income growth.
As long as Singapore offers the connection to China or India and Asia, they will come and setup Asia-Pac or Regional HQs here. You can snear and say it's impossible because these tech startups or mncs are pro-LGBTQ. Yes they are but they also have to answer to investors who pump millions or billions of dollars into their company expecting a pay out. If they miss the opportunity to make money in Asia which by and large is not really LGBTQ friendly , the their board may look at them and go hmmm
As long as Singaporeans sit content willing to accept whatever the government says, they will never have to explain anything. And by god do Singaporeans sit content.
As long as the two data sets have the same scale it's fine. Those that insist the y axis goes to 100% I hope you're not people who does their own research
As long as you're not standing, it's good enough to them. OCS , SCS especially, literally no sleep.
As much as i enjoy ridiculing anti-vaxxers, many of this people are suffering essentially from a mental disorder and or or have been corrupted by bad faith actors spreading disinformation. Their families are affected too by their actions. We should have compassion and hope they get better.
As much as I find it incredibly remarkable of Zelenskyy and I respect him so much for this, let's not act like this is somehow expected of every leader. Nobody should be going into war and it's not their role anyways. Not to mention how they're literally senior citizens, they won't even be able to carry a gun.
As much as I found that article missing obvious context, I have to agree now. This is such a slap in all our faces who have chosen to get vaccinated.
as much as i get annoyed at those uncles, i would be lying to say i am not waiting to turn 70 and do the same without giving a fuck about anyone
As much as I think its very likely for such things to be said by ministers, there was a 1 minute gap between VB saying He is illiterate and how did he get into RI which this edit subtly covers. Regardless, its likely gonna be claimed that the conversation had moved onto someone else and not LMW.
As opposed to the guy who insults people and even other world leaders whenever he thinks he's off the record? I'd take the boss who overworks himself to death.
As our very own wise sage Calvin Cheng once said, Let the flood gates open I am being sarcastic
As someone above said, this sub really does not capture the demographics of Singapore. I also believe that the masses, even if it doesn't affect them in any way and they have no real issue with it, will just vote for the status quo.
As someone currently working in this sector. It's overwhelmingly the latter. We could offer salaries similar to Techbros, and we will still have very few people who are willing AND able to work as nurses.
As someone else who did IB, the IB programme by itself is pretty chill to be honest. Depends on school too, but I was able to just ride through and still get a pretty decent score.
As someone who has been caned before, I don't really see how people are just OK with it and laugh it off. It's borderline if not literally child abuse that can mentally scar someone for life.
As someone who has had my own experience navigating the system, I tend to agree. Nevertheless I think that it is important to continue spreading awareness.
As someone who has never gotten marksman before, watching this gave me mad anxiety especially since the left and right officers look like they are right across each other. Not sure which one took the shot but the chance for collateral was really high here.
As someone who has yet to begin working, is it actually true? What instances do they pay above the minimum stated?
As someone who is going through your first paragraph, I highly doubt that makes a sleep impossible. Noone plays DOTA for 90 mins, and noone jacks off for only a minute. When you start getting distracted, hours are sloughed off. Are there people not getting enough sleep because of the pressures of work? Absolutely, doctors and nurses are some of these people. But they aren't here on Reddit. Computer scientists, office workers and Finance bros? Please, you all know you don't sleep cause you damn well please to.
As someone who is working at the cinema and have seen cuts of the movie countless time, every moment of it was cringey and disrespectful.
As someone who owned a family karaoke lounge I feel your pain. Government has categorically ruled out shielding us from the landlords. We are in this fight ourselves.
As someone with parents combined income below an average singaporean's median income, i do think having both parents at median income would allow one to more than just survive. Kids are not that expensive if parents don't send them to enrichment classes and tuitions. I still made it to university despite not having tuition during my jc times but at the same time, I'm shocked when I found out every single classmate of mine has tuition in at least one subject with some parents spending thousands every month on their kids tuition fees. Of course if you are spending so much on your kids, one will not have enough money beyond survival. But the question remains, are all these expenditures on the kids necessary?
As the SAF likes to say, 7 hours of uninterrupted REST. Not even sleep, but REST .
as we all know the singapore government is extremely powerless and historically has never been willing to interfere with the private sector. I am being sarcastic if I could come up with solutions without any resources, we might as well get rid of the ministers since their job can be done by some random guy on the internet. give me a team of civil servants, plus access to information and I can come up with of all sorts of mechanisms in a nicely written white paper. heck, I'll even do it for free.
As we've seen before and now , aren't really good at making up their mind on where they stand on things p
As weird as it sounds, I do know of many older generations people who are loyal at heart and wouldn't skip a beat to bear arms if war ever comes, even if they are out of the age. Some of them even said that they just need a few rounds of M16 to get back their muscle memory. Don't forget that generation is hardcore as fuck during NS. They were taught by the first few batch of soldiers who were tekan until like fuck under Israel trainers, plus some of them fought in confrontasi. They were the ones who went through brutal trainings compared to the current generation not that I'm complaining or what, it's just a fact
As with everything, being nice too has a limit. It's just a matter of knowing where is it. But now at least you know that it isn't worth to be nice listening to these people.
Aside from la kopi, which others? I got kicked for asking them if they were horses ley. Need some weekend entertainment
Ask China to help in order to untie the bell, the person who tied it is required .
Ask your insurance buddy if he have extra lanyard. On those landmines area, wear the lanyard. If they dare to approach then ask them to meet for coffee for financial analysis.
Ask yourself, how many startups pushed out an idea so fucking strong right at the start that paves the way for a whole new world, right at the start, before having the opportunity to gain resources and experience to nurture and refine the idea before it truly gets to become an industry toppling entity? Startups do not prosper because they have that industry toppling idea right at the start. Many start with a good idea keypoint equals to good idea , an idea to solve a certain problem in their relevant niche area. They form that idea, and with some initial support, come up with a really rough prototype. At this point, most startups will fail. The rest will acquire some initial funding, whether from public or private entities, AND USE THAT MONEY TO FURTHER DEVELOP AND NURTURE THAT IDEA. Time continues and startups that survive this process emerges strong, and possibly even get to list. Let's look at the world's most used example, Microsoft. The founders took the opportunity given to them to code in their early years. They then got interested in augmenting software for micro controllers in their time and eventually IBM fucking big company already gave them a small project to work on. Upon IBM's acceptance, the funds they received propelled them and gave them freedom, experience and recognition. You can read up on their history if you want. The point is, ideas are not going to manifest results if they're not given the chance to be developed, debated upon, nurtured and undergo iterative revisions. Political parties will never be able to perform if they're not given the opportunity, our votes, to nurture their ideas in parliament, to gain experience in running town councils, to tune their ideas after receiving feedback from the citizenry and debates in parliament with other parties. You see, if we're only lamenting about how the opposition parties offers nothing 10x better than the People's Action Party, the People's Action Party will only get to become increasingly entrenched in its group think problem with no proper and rigorous debate in parliament, and the opposition will never have the opportunity to grow. The other thing is, the comparison of using startups is stupid simply because politics is about the implementation of governance that will benefit the citizenry, and uplift the ones who are affected negetively. It's never about one party swooping in and taking control and killing everything else. It's about debate, discussion, agreement and compromise, on good ideas brought to the table. In your comparison, anybody can infer that your viewpoint is such that the People's Action Party's policies are so good that no opposition members can come up with anything sufficiently better, given what you've seen on their manifestos. This viewpoint is already dangerous because it undermines the idea of having a parliament in the first place and the need to have proper debate and consideration of all potential ideas. You're setting the precedence for judgement before debate.
asked the Singaporean government not to kaypoh and por lan pa. These people so smart ask them be foreign minister lo. All of them suddenly expert in Russo politics.
Asking someone to wear deo is just mean. Even if it rlly stinks only super close friends or family can say stuff like that it's just social etiquette to not comment on BO. Sighs
Asking the real questions. 2 seems a really weird number that's going to add a lot of stress to familes.
Assuming that tenants of a particular ethnicity are going to be higher risk is racism. They already have the right to be discriminatory in that manner. They shouldn't also expect to be respected for it, or for people to be polite to them about it. They should grow a pair, admit they're prejudiced, and that's why they're doing it. It would sound a lot better than their whining justifications. They'e exercising their right to behave like turds, they should accept that they're called that. I am a landlord by the way, although I rent to anyone whose legally here .
At a certain point when you have 70% first dose and almost 50% second dose, and have no reopening plans whatsoever, people are going to question the leadership and longterm future of the country.
At first I was thinking, they need to flush out anyone involved, the news doesn't say a suspect was caught yet mothership was saying they needed to avoid the perp? but heck yeah all the parents are going to be so worried if they cannot even contact their kids
At his deathbed, if something is wrong with Singapore he will get up! Even in death i still serve! - Lee Kuan Yew probably
At least 2 of my colleagues, when asked did they worry about climate change negatively affecting their children's lives before having them, replied 'it will be their problem' It seems like people who either don't think about or ignore these types questions are the ones having kids which will likely turn out to be like their parents. It would appear that we have a vicious cycle on our hands.
At least abstain I would say since Russia dont really matter a lot in ASEAN. But carrying balls to support West like US and Ukraine voting NO on curbing global rise of neo-Nazism Even Australia also feel pai seh to Abstain on this while Singapore probably should vote yes . And why US voted NO as they claim 1 thinly veiled attempts to legitimize Russian disinformation campaigns denigrating neighboring nations and promoting the distorted Soviet narrative of much of contemporary European history, using the cynical guise of halting Nazi glorification 2 The United States Supreme Court has consistently affirmed the constitutional right to freedom of speech and the rights of peaceful assembly and association, including by avowed Nazis, whose hatred and xenophobia are vile and widely scorned by the American people. So US dont ban racist speech because it is protected by 1st Amendment. Try doing it elsewhere, like Germany or Singapore?
at least indians can grow beard easily sigh. as a chinese man if feel sad i can't
At least Malaysia want to talk cock will shout it out. This one whisper whisper only. Mum Wai! What you want! Anytime! PUK U!
At least not the STARiS v3. That one is so bad LTA say nope, reverse! I will tender it myself
At least our lunch cannot get stolen if we don't sleep! Quick people, race to the bottom so we can keep the economy going and the rich, rich!
at least the guy getting his ass kicked knows how to protect his face from further damage.but i think he's gonna suffer a few broken ribs from all the stompings he received
At least the UK has diversity somewhat in the backgrounds of their MPs and Secretaries. John Major and James Callaghan did not receive formal university education, and plenty of members in the House of Commons and the House of Lords have diverse university educations spread out between Russell Groups and non-Russell Groups.
at least they mention that people probably will have premarital sex. Probably my friends experience didn't talk about it that much since SJI is a Catholic school. Do schools get that much autonomy on their sex-ed curriculum or Ministry of Education give standard template?
At least they won't get the childhood trauma of parents letting them queue up by themselves while they grab something else 'quickly'
At least us muslims are not in Malaysia where its a big game of spiderman pointing at spiderman accusing each other of not being muslim enough. Muslims here, aside for the very small vocal few, mind their own business.
At least use back same font lei. people who believed this was real might share lai share qu. Later escalate till NEA take action. Bear NEA logo somemore. Any digital footprint can be tracked if they really want to.
At least you aren't a toxic dual Diamatti user sliding and bunny hopping around the map. Right?
At night? They are terribly inconsiderate during the day as well. Pulling out a child who does only yelling to balcony so everyone can hear it some kind of tradition across families i have observed
at some of the armchair critics. Give credits to the bravery of our youths. Sure there will be instances whereby the motives behind the protests are questionable, but not this instance.
at some point everyone has to realize this virus will be here forever. government cant just lockdown like this every year when cases inevitably rise.
At some point, its about making the most out of our overwhelmingly pro-employer laws. Shiok, don't even have to pay employee OT so just give their staff trivial, non-emergency work just to get them to OT.
At the end of the day its all about scoring political points by maintaining a close to clean record of handling covid effectively through the showcase of low infection rates at the expense of the trust and mental health of the citizens. These are your risk averse 4G leaders
At the end of the day no one lives forever and religion is a part of you but shouldn't consume who you are.
At the same time there has been a lot of pro lgbt sentiments coming from the People's Action Party. In, rhetoric press release etc I'd say parliament is pretty representative of the views of Singaporeans. There's some against, there's some for, but ultimately those against outnumber those for About that analogy, I'd say its accurate. I have nothing against drinking from a straw with your nose. It's just that asshole isn't designed for entry so it's an accurate analogy.
At the same time there has been a lot of pro lgbt sentiments coming from the People's Action Party. In, rhetoric press release etc Please list them. Singapore does not discriminate against LGBTQ was a lie by Ong Ye Kung to downplay the discrimination, Singapore welcomes LGBTQ was said by Lee Hsien Loong to attract tech talents. Both have been debunked as lies. Then take a look at statements made by ministers. Lawrence Wong misrepresented the issue of the trans student as importing culture wars when what happened was local LGBTQ students and organizations asking Ministry of Education to stop the discrimination against them. I'd say parliament is pretty representative of the views of Singaporeans. There's some against, there's some for, but ultimately those against outnumber those for I would argue that it's inaccurate given how there is a large percentage of Christians in parliament as compared to our population. And given how much of the anti-LGBTQ statements made by them in parliament can be seen to be linked to their religious beliefs and morals, it seems to be over-representing certain viewpoints. About that analogy, I'd say its accurate. I have nothing against drinking from a straw with your nose. It's just that asshole isn't designed for entry so it's an accurate analogy. If you are trying to say it's unnatural, a lot of things we do now is unnatural. Our skin are not designed to have clothes on almost 24 or 7. Our eyes are not designed to have constant light around. Our bodies are not designed to absorb the kind of food that we eat now. Yet why is this the only one that has such an analogy to invoke disgust from others? And how is it even accurate? And for a meme answer, if it's not designed for entry, why is there a cum button that is accessed via penetrating the anus?
at the start of their career My 30yr old + boss and 40+ yo team lead still sends email at 1am, work on weekends and attend meetings during PTO. This is on top of taking care of kids and HBL. Granted their pay is in the range of 10K+, but even 10k also doesn't seem worth it to me.
At this point I am considering if I should have given my vote to the 'thumbs up man' guy. What a bunch of clowns. Am a Tampines resident
At this point it's just to make the economist happy, but I still don't get why a reduced birth rate is a bad thing, it's not like we're strapped for workers
At this point Ong Ye Kung should just hire someone to make his speeches for him, considering he jinxes something every time he speaks.
At this point, if you don't point out covid being the main cause and actually highlight structural issues, you get downvoted. These are the same people who genuinely believe that the lack of manpower just occurred recently and has never been present . I can bet after covid, when healthcare worker complain about their working environment, this guy is the type to go it was worse during covid, be grateful .
At this rate, just go back to office and infect the managers who wants to see the MC.
At this rate, they literally cannot go anywhere and will be more or less forced to be vaccinated. Just mandate it at this point.
At this rate, we should just sell our intensive care unit capacity to the highest bidder . Might as well make some money off of this bullshit
At this stage, they are pushing a bit too far in my opinion. It would have been better if they said something like Have gotten first dose by Oct 13th like what France did, because then at least you'll see an increase of people who think oh, shit! and will rush to get vaccinated. Now, those people will not be urged to be vaccinated because even if they do, they need to wait at least 4-5 weeks before they can enjoy the benefits. By that time, this measure may be gone again.
At times, you feel Eminem was right with his lyrics in Lose Yourself. All the pain inside amplified by the Fact that I can't get by with my nine to Five and I can't provide the right type of Life for my family 'cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
auntie gave her daughter this medicine and she got A 's faster drink it don't complain
Australia I will jail my citizens for coming back home and ban my citizens from even going overseas even for compassionate reasons EU You sure they have positive roadmap when their vaccination is a huge mess?
Australia's CSIRO designed the polymer bank note and sold the rights to it. Canada has one of the biggest mints that produces them and sells the notes back to us. And I think I read there's 96 countries in the world that now use the technology. There's an interesting video by Stand Up Maths that goes into the design of them too, and I think he commented the NZ notes are the most satisfying mathematically.
Authoritarian? Australia is the one doing it now ffs.get your facts right before you start commenting.also just in case you don't know, north korea does not ban their own citizens from entering the country, they ban their own people from leaving so none will be re-entering their country.
Average is very subjective. In my NS days the average of some cliques was to go awol and go into DB a few times before operationally ready date. In my circles there are peers who beat themselves up because they are below average and only managed to buy a condo, not a corner landed. I grew up in a blue collar family, and being able to pay off our housing loan when my parents hit their 40s, and still have the ability to own a car was seen as rich by some. Again, stats are stats. But most people are still more receptive to what they see and feel.
average live expectancy in Singapore is 83, so most will not have met their maker by the age of 70. Assuming you don't get any life debilitating illness in ur 50s or 60s.
Aww this is beautiful. Even thou the merlion statue at mbs will be demolished i guess its spirit lives on Beautiful art but I'm pretty sure otters are invasuve
Back in my parents day have such things but I think kids these days even myself have not encountered an actual death from this. My memory only remember ITE many years back have a few slashing incidents. And there were videos of the attack.
Back in Singapore already, just fled to Perth for the heat to cool down. He rebranded himself as Anthony S Casey - probably hired some social media firm. This thread also talks about his rebranding
Back in the army I used to throw small twigs at their webs. The spider will rush towards the twig thinking it's a prey after which it will untangle the twig and drop it on the forest floor.
Back in the day clubs at Mohammad Sultan would pause certain techno songs for beng chants Aiyah aiyah Aiyah aiyah aiyah Kao peh !
Back when I was younger, used to temp around working in a casino. The attitudes of the people there were painfully terrible.
Back when they did the real CSI Doubt can find such cases again due to the POFMA and the anti cyber bullying laws
Backbone isn't rewarded in the Singaporean Government or SMEs. I noticed the difference when I joined an MNC. When I report bad news here, people actually appreciated it, and were interested in working to find a solution, but when I did it in university here or working with an SME, everyone was just trying to cover their ass.
Bad bad flu today. Neighbourhood clinic at least 25 people long. WhiteCoat 72 odd in front of me. Waited 1.5 hours than to down to 32. Than mobile app hang. Don't feel health care system doing well
BAD NEWS there's no vodka or any alcohol there. I checked. They do have Kvass though.
Bai Nian not bad but I miss the time they had the stall selling mee pok with tons of prawn paste balls.
Bail in Singapore is not paid in cash. Bail is a contract that a guarantor signs that a person will show up to court or NPC at the appointed time. The guarantor have to pay if the person is a no-show.
Balance of power despite being a monopoly for many years till grabmoney came on-board, I would say they have proven to be sincere service provider this industry needs to be seriously regulated to keep them in check.
Bars haven't been able to open past 2230 for over a year! Even when we were doing perfectly fine earlier this year
Based on respect for the values and beliefs of the different ethnic and religious communities in Singapore rather than the mental and physical health and wellbeing of every individual Singaporean citizen and resident. Yeah fuck you.
Based on respect for the values and beliefs of the various ethnic and religious communities If the values and beliefs of your community involve homophobia, it doesn't deserve to be respected.
Based on social stigma, yes. An employer is probably not gonna hire a convicted murderer then again, social stigma, it might change
Basically treat them like dirt No need to dehumanise yourself. You can politely say no thanks and walk away before they have a chance to continue.
BBQ pits have been closed though. So we can sleep easy now we know that channel of transmission has gone.
be in before 7.20 am. step in at 7.21am and you go for detention from 2pm-4pm stupid rules from stupid HODs Macpherson secondary by the way
Be kind to one another. You'll never know if your one random act of kindness to someone might divert them back to a safer path.
Be like me. Play the long game, hear them out, pretend to be interested. Then u say u go hone to decide. Then u wait like a few mths then call them to say I'm not interested
Be smart and put numero uno first. Don't throw away your life for politicians who put their own agenda first.
Be yourself and who you are. Personally I don't think there are much racism BUT more like misunderstanding between different cultures. In Kampong time, we all races live happily with all ours house doors open without locking except before we sleep. We celebrate each others religious or race festival. Now we less know and aware each other's cultures all doors are closed in flat houses, even though I am one of them who still have my door opened which I think the main problem in less understanding each other cultures. With more people coming in Singapore, it will take times to be back to old time as some will want to dominate or change others personalities or way of doing things I might be wrong too . Hope and wish all to respects each other cultures or races or religions and discuss in private so to share and understand each other's more now cannot discuss openly as it can becomes racist to some or most people who cannot differentiate or like to mix between cultures or religions or races . Be one Singapore with harmony and happiness.
Beautiful picture, although it did trigger the thought that skylines are symbolic of the corporate control of our society.
Because all you will get is You guys have to know, our country is different from others. We do not have resources, we do not have enough to provide for ourselves for long term sustain, we need to. Yada yada You guys should be happy to have us
because Article 12 Right to Equality Before the Law The Applicants further asserted that the law contravened Article 12 of the Constitution, because it unlawfully discriminates against sex between men as opposed to homosexual or heterosexual activity involving women and because it targets conduct in private which does not harm public morals. Article 12 provides that all persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal protection of the law . The Court applied the reasonable classification test established in Tan Cheng Bock, which requires the Court to assess whether the demarcation of sexual conduct based on gender is so unreasonable as to be illogical and or or incoherent, having regard to the provision's purpose. The Court rejected the Applicants' argument. It drew attention to Loh J's interpretation of the reasonable classification test from Lim Meng Suang, which affirmed that legislation that divides the population into specific classes is not inherently unlawful. Rather, the critical concern is that like should be treated alike . The Court then found that it was neither illogical nor incoherent to omit sex between women from the provision's scope, because the purpose of s 377A was to safeguard public morals and reflect societal morality by specifically criminalising sex between men. Since the Parliament is the appropriate body to make determinations as to public morality, the courts should not bear responsibility for making such determinations. The Court also relied on the existence of distinctions between women and men throughout Singaporean law to justify his conclusion. - Human Rights Law Centre's summary of the High Court's decision in March 2020 regarding 377A specifically . people have thought of this already, and in fact it's pretty common to use Article 9, 12 or 14 as a constitutional challenge. I know we're not talking about 377A here but I thought I'd share this.
because covid no ezlink card cannot spread via MRT, but covid have work permit as it's originally from china, so it can enter all the dorms.
Because I'm highlighting the difference in quality between a professional and conscript army. When war comes, the enemy don't care if you conscript or professional, they going to whack you as hard as they can. M'sian and Indo armies are mostly professional. Even though they are worse in many other aspects, each of them has been a soldier 5x longer than the average NSman.
Because Indian Singaporeans are seen as not real Singaporeans, despite being citizens. edit to be clear, this isn't my belief. It's what I've seen.
Because it def wasn't their own hard work, it was the premium herbal soup they drank I am being sarcastic So glad Ministry of Education stopped revealing who the top scorers were so these companies can't profit off them.
Because it is. It is forcing people to get an untested shot through a roundabout manner. The shot does not stop you from catching or spreading the disease, it only helps to prevent severe symptoms. In fact, more people are dying of the shot than the virus at this point, and not by a small margin. Look at the death rates in most developed countries now vs last year, and note the large increase without explanation. Don't have to be a rocket scientist.
Because it's easier to call them heroes than make any actual structural changes to benefit them. Check back in 10 years time post pandemic, how do we perceive nursing? Would our government have made structural changes to our system for our healthcare workers including improved salaries, better working hours and a big push to remove the perception of nursing as a low skilled job? Or would we back to status quo where nursing is shunned because of its low pay, toxic working environment and continual perception of nursing as a low class job?
because it's most people seem not to know about? not most people seem to know about
Because it's not about what school you're from or how smart you are. This behavior is just generally unacceptable and should be called out directly.
Because it's really hard work to nurture another good character people. It's takes significant time and effort.
Because its guilt tripping those that want some sense of normal life back. Nursing has always been tough. Sorry but it's how it is and it's never going to change, pandemic or not. Educate people to stay at home to recover instead of being afraid to die and afraid of their own shadow and going to a&e when they see a line on ART or they have a cough
because many people think the Indians will cook curry and shit and then when they leave the owner will have to deep clean the house.
because maybe you haven't experienced enough shit at age 16 to become cynical with people in general P
Because not everyone works only 8-6. There are people who are working 12 hours a day, many even on weekends some are not even compensated for this . I have worked 12 hours a day many times the past few months. But this is part of being Asian isn't it, we pride ourselves on being efficient.hence everything must be done immediately.
Because of all these reasons that is why until today we failed to contain the virus. Does the virus actually have compassion for us? Answer is no.
Because of this entirely. If we had, we wouldn't have companies like sea group and tiktok opening office here
Because peace over here literally depends on whether or not a group of madmen up north gain enough political traction to liberate the poor, downtrodden Singaporean Moslems.
because people need to work or study and not everyone has the luxury of postponing or changing their plans instantly, especially given the current state of the job market. And some haven't seen their spouse or children or family members in close to a year.
Because perhaps no news sites will share this, thank you for keeping this here and let's spread the word of Dr Jamus Lim D
because public service sector works that way. Im already hearing from Ministry of Manpower employee strict MC equals to bye bye bonus before the pandamic. I am not sure how it is now though.
because racism We ban China Chinese ok because Singapore is chinaland anyway. We ban Indian flights SJW says this is just Singapore bigotry surfacing again I am being sarcastic
Because saying that when you're watching a video is easy, but an average person actually trying to stop the person is opening themselves up to getting injured, especially in this case where you can see that the person is very violent and aggressive and hitting to give maximum hurt, and possibly a trained fighter? Filming, while viewed as an unhelpful and passive behaviour, can be used as important evidence for investigation.
Because she signed the declaration that she would not go for the surgery? The declaration was that she would not go for the surgery before getting married, which she agreed to. The implication was that it would be ok after getting married. if I remember correctly the requirement was no surgery for one year after marriage, which she also kept to. But then ROM overturned their decision after HDB went to them to complain.
Because some people have families, partners, children abroad? Even many people living here, but have their family in Johor. people have personal compelling reasons to travel. No one in their right mind forks out north of $5k to travel for fun
Because some people wipe out their cpf OA as a result. Which means they don't have much cpf money left to withdraw after hitting 55 years old and setting aside the retirement sum. Then people kpkb cpf no allow my money to be withdrawn but it's really because they dipped into their OA to finance their house and spent it all. And this is scary for leasehold properties which will might appreciate in the early years, but still eventually depreciate in value towards the late years. When you buy your house using cpf money, it is just not worth it if the value of your house does not appreciate more than 2.5% per year. It is risky for the government to allow people who might have low financial literacy to gamble the majority of their retirement nest egg. That's my opinion.
because sometimes the fixed price can be more expensive than metered depends of peak timing or not. And sometimes i forgot about the hidden charge and select the metered ride as well.
Because the cognitive dissonance here is hyper normalized. We like pretending that repeating a line about fairytale harmony every NDP actual harmony.
Because the guy was holding a knife and deemed an immediate threat What answer were you looking for ? Because they were shooting crimewatch or it's just 4 cosplayers filming a TikTok ? edit This guy asked What is happened ? Why is there a shooting ?
Because the legislative is the one with the demoractic mandate to make law. The judiciary is appointed, they do not have the right to make law, that is the purview of the demoratically elected parliament. The judiciary's role is to interpret and apply the law. The judiciary literally cannot ignore what the legislative thinks because the legislative intention behind the law is what they have to apply. Your understanding that there is a seperation of powes is correct. But it is precisely because of this seperation of powers that the judiciary cannot simply overrule laws passed by the legislative or not give effect to legislative intent unless there is judicial review due to constitutionality issues regarding the law passed .
Because the magical invisible man in the sky will protect you from covid, of course! Nevermind that babies are born with cancer and without limbs, that's only because their parents didn't pray enough!
Because the opposition and democratic checks and balances here are an illusion. You live in a totalitarian system
Because the population have been politically neutered to believe that the prescribed laws and regulations are indomitable and sacrosanct. Super clear dissonance this instance. Students hold a peaceful demonstration outside Ministry of Education - gets arrested because no permit equals to unlawful assembly equals to illegal - netizens point out that there is absolutely no harm created so why the arrest - critics illegal means they were wrong, protest is illegal so off to jail you go. Circular logic is circular. And yet, every time someone questions the wisdom of overly restrictive laws on public assembly, some boomer inevitably starts a slippery slope argument using the drunk migrants in the Little India riot. Can we not have a civic discussion on where we think the barometer on public assembly laws should be? Shouldn't the recent farcical arrests of a 1 man protest , the rejections of a 1 man silent sit in, and now this be sufficient fodder for people to discuss the provisions in the Public Order Act and what has gone wrong? How did a law meant to deter violent riots and demonstrations get turned into a blunt instrument that has stifled civil disobedience in Singapore?
Because the shit i took today is the same as whats coming out of your mouth
Because the vast majority of the people going DON'T need to go. It's typical singaporean kiasuness causing massive issues. Plenty of people have to be hospitalized for the flu. You just don't have 10 other assholes going over to the ER for the fucking sniffles at the same time.
because they believe having children can bring joy to their life This is already the most wholesome reason for childbirth, but even this form of emotional investment could backfire and be horribly unfair for the child, if the child does not turn out to bring as much joy as the parents predicted or hoped.
because they don't need to vaccinate rapidly if they imposed travel bans and have truly 0 cases. If Singapore wants to open up travel ASAP, they should be accelerating vaccine distribution even more.
Because they just need a single reason to arrest them and then can pile on charges later.
Because we are already restricting all non-Singaporeans and PRs from entry. That's technically already a ban.
Because we can. Their concerns can be easily swiped away with just a minister saying they will help or look into it.
because you are implying that the anti-war russians are just as bad as pro-war russians I never said that. I hope more Russians would do this. Those who do are extremely brave and I admire their courage. Stop mischaracterising what I said.
Because you replied to me first, and completely missed the point. The point is complaining about unilateral sanctions when all sanctions are unilateral at first. Then you went off on a tangent with a wall of text saying It'S iLLegAL . I don't give an F if it's legal or illegal. Are you dense?
because you started comparing with us with Wuhan as if it serves any purpose. It doesn't matter if we are behaving better or worse than Wuhan. The point is we have to do better right?
because'mon, you will see your cpf money again. It's in SGD. They can print as much SGD as they want. Whether it'll be enough for retirement is another matter altogether.
been in the US for 9 yrs, never used cash except to buy lottery tickets
Been playing shooters and fighting games since the late 90s. By their logic I should be some John wick type killer already. A pencil.
been there before recently, after that can go UE square Lim kopi, quite unique stuff there , reminds me of the German Mart opposite watten.
beep. boop. I'm a bot that helps downloading videos Download via reddit.tube Audio only I also work with links sent by PM. Download more videos from singapore Info
beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos! Downloadable video link I also work with links sent by PM Info
beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable video links! Download via Direct link I also work with links sent by PM. &nbsp Info
Before everyone gets a pitchfork out and go on a crusade against school kids, please recognise that school IS a hostile environment. Kids can be mean and bully. It's nothing new. What matters is that you have switch your mentality from a negative to a positive one when you are getting picked on. For instance, if someone picks on you for your skin colour, you can tell them that yeah, I know I'm different but I can't change that or my race. Everyone experiences bullying or racism in some shape or form growing up. Kids will be kids. You just hope that when those bullies grow up, they realise the harm they did as children and change for the better good.
Before I could say anything, a Malay abang brother stopped him and told him not to bother me in Bahasa. That is a REAL Abang
Behaviour like that is extremely fucked up pardon my french , sometimes humans can be real shits eh
Being a Muslim is a part of the Malay identity, whether you like it or not. Even if you're a Malay who chooses not to be a Muslim, you're identity is nevertheless tied.
Being an overseas voter for Sengkang GRC, was half wanting for a good 50-50 and needing to wait for my vote to be back for tiebreaker.
being nice doesn't mean being a pushover or always prioritising others' needs over your own though, you gotta keep that in mind.
Being not visible despite being the team leader is why she's so popular. She's just quietly connecting with people, no need to be flashy, no need to be loud. Most politicians are like HELLO, I'M THE BEST, I'M GONNA DO THIS, I'M GONNA DO THAT, but not many give the feeling of one of us .
Being silent doesn't mean they are afraid to say anything. Infact India is careful about the situation and knows well what's the outcome of this war. Also saving Indian citizens in Ukraine is first priority for India. SILENCE HERE MEANS GIVING PEACE A CHANCE. Because whichever side you choose, it will not help people of either Ukraine or Russia or Indians stuck there, who will be ultimate casualty. More the world is divided, more are the conflicts. India's stance is about letting diplomacy prevail. Sanctions and more weapons, and more hatred is not helping the situation get any better, infact all this is adding fuel to fire and is further escalating things. In war after awhile nobody knows who was right or wrong, as war is war, it leaves only destruction behind. Let there be peace first. Thats what silence means. India is trying its best to evaluate its citizens, evacuating 18000+ citizens stuck in war zone is not an easy task. Distress to students is very sad and unfortunate but that doesn't mean they can afford to say irresponsible things.
Benefits The food is the food you cook for work and the place you sleep is the place you work. It's not the best
Besides the misleading title. I don't see this any different from a credit card sales man trying to sell you their cards. If you're not interested, just do what most people do - ignore and move on. What's there to struggle about?
Best picture of marina bay ive seen despite it not being in the night, full of flashy lights
Better than looking at Sengkangers jealously from Sengkang, coming from the vale that ended up outside tha GRC
BEWAREEEE but seriously its so ironically on point that in this period of war and the threat of nuclear weapons, it's exactly what AOT warns against.
Beyond Changi Airport, the CBD + surrounding areas and a few newer HDB estates, our infrastructure is getting pretty 3rd world also.
Big brother telling you what is good for you . Can't believe people are on board with this when vaccines don't even prevent the spread. Disclaimer I'm fully vaccinated so take your personal insults elsewhere .
Big international law guy over here What does international law say about invading smaller, democratic countries to try to grab territory and or or install a puppet regime?
BIG L to Grab. I hope their initial public offering fails and they go back to splashing out discount codes and maybe Uber makes a comeback in Singapore. The Grab drivers must be cursing Grab now for their sly move to increase fares in the name of helping their drivers. F U Grab. It's been mentioned their main profitable business is still food delivery. But the 3 main delivery partners seem to be aligned for now. I just hope any one of them makes the first move.
Big minister affair allegedly not proven, don't POFMA me , but i Shan say too much
Biggest nation's little sister ever. South Korea's little sisters got nothing on our Sengkang mei mei.
Bingo, till you've been a minority somewhere, you will have no idea what it feels like.
Birth rates are declining in most of the developed countries. Places like Australia would have a shrinking population if not for migration.
Birth rates are falling worldwide because of two things 1 women gaining financial independence 2 access to cheap, effective, and convenient birth control such as IUD, birth control pills, morning after pills, condoms, and vasectomies The two combined mean that sex no longer results in pregnancies if the woman does not want it to. And given the extremely high health and mental cost of a pregnancy and birth, it is very understandable why women would choose to limit themselves to 0, 1, or 2 kids. This is without even taking into account volatility due to finances and other larger risks such as climate change and political risk, hence you see plummeting birth rates even in egalitarian societies with lots of welfare like the Scandinavian countries.
Bj is penetrative so illegal if performed by male on male. Hj also cannot because included under the giant catch all category of lewd acts . But 377A is gender specific so lesbians can do whatever the hell you want so long as it's not penetrative
Blasphemous! Do not believe the false prophets - tell me where did God ever say to take vaccines! I believe in my faith in God to deliver, and vaccines are not the solution! God wants to challenge our faith - we have to overcome this using natural means to prove our worthiness to God! I am being sarcastic
bless them for throwing terms like strawberry generation damn fucking annoying this behaviour. every generation thinks they damn satki and their junior generation is damn useless. even 'young' people like mid-20s just graduate university or still in first job can find ways to disaparage 'strawberry generation' or 'millennials'.newsflash, you are also a 'millennial'.
Bless your soul. You have my utmost respect and without people like you, Singapore wouldn't be in the position it is today in the outbreak. Hang in there!
Bloomberg article really seems to proof a point now. also very interesting to see the difference of comments here on Reddit open minded for solutions like in France, rational thinking vs those on Facebook scared, calling for circuit breaker
Board members are still allocated a few 'preferential' seats for students they deem 'worthy', should they choose to exercise it. White horse culture simply does not disappear because the proletariat make noises.
Boast Morale Our soldiers are brave and strong. Even if they are on NS allowance, but they are willing to die for our country and FTs. Boost Morale Soldiers! If we win this war, the government will top up $500 to your cpf MA.
bold assumption. Wrong. Since you're so well versed in military strategy, care to explain what is considered collateral damage when blowing up civilians? We don't have to condone actions by the russian military, but to paint every individual soldier in the same colour as a mass murderer is a fool's endeavour. That it the opposite of what I said. I said we should not pretend that every Russian is a good person who doesn't want war.
Bold for effect. 'Existential issue for tiny state' Speech by Singapore UN ambassador Burhan Gafoor on sovereignty at UN emergency meeting on Ukraine, 28 Feb 2022 Thank you very much, Mr President.We are meeting today in a historic emergency special session because the UN Security Council was unfortunately unable to discharge its primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security as a result of the veto cast by the Russian Federation, which is regrettable.We welcome the convening of this emergency special session, as it allows all countries, especially the small countries, to raise their voice, to state their views, and to register their concerns in this universal organ of the United Nations. Mr President, Singapore has always taken a consistent position on the sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity of all countries. Singapore is a staunch supporter of the rules-based multilateral system and of the United Nation s. The unprovoked invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation is a clear and gross violation of the fundamental norms of International Law and of the UN Charter. The UN Charter prohibits the use of force and acts of aggression against another sovereign state. This is a matter of principle for all small states and a matter of fundamental importance to all members of the General Assembly. For a tiny city state like Singapore, this is an existential issue. A world order where 'might is right', or 'the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must', would be profoundly inimical to the security and survival of small states. We cannot accept one country attacking another without justification, arguing that its independence was a result of, and I quote, 'historical errors and crazy decisions', unquote. We simply cannot accept such an argument. Such an argument and rationale would go against the internationally-recognised legitimacy and territorial integrity of many countries, including Singapore. This is why Singapore condemns, in the strongest terms possible, any unprovoked invasion of a sovereign country under any pretext. We deplore the Russian Federation's special military operation against Ukraine, both its operation in the Donbas region and the broader land, air and sea attacks across Ukraine, including on Kyiv, the capital city.We also note with great sadness and regret, reports of the growing number of casualties and the loss of many innocent lives as a result of this unjustified attack and act of war. We have taken note of the UN Humanitarian and Emergency Relief Coordinator's comments about the scale of the humanitarian assistance required to help those affected and we call for safe and unhindered access for humanitarian assistance to Ukraine and all those in need.Mr President, we reiterate that the sovereignty, political independence, and territorial integrity of all countries, including Ukraine, must be respected within its internationally-recognised borders.The Secretary-General of the United Nations has stated that he considers the actions of the Russian Federation to be a violation of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine and inconsistent with the principles of the Charter of the United Nations. We agree with the Secretary-General entirely. Let me repeat We agree with the Secretary-General entirely, and we support his call for the Russian Federation to withdraw all its troops from the territory of Ukraine and for the responsible actors to immediately cease all hostilities and prioritise diplomacy to address all issues peacefully in accordance to the UN Charter and International Law. We also support the good officials of the UN Secretary-General to be deployed in any way possible to facilitate diplomatic contacts and negotiations. Mr President, let me conclude by saying that the world is watching us as we meet today in the General Assembly. As members of the General Assembly, we have to act swiftly, firmly and with unity of purpose.Singapore is one of the main co-sponsors of the draft resolution that has been tabled for adoption in this General Assembly. Singapore will not hesitate to vote 'yes' on this draft resolution. Singapore will always vote to uphold the principles of the UN Charter, and to uphold International Law, and I would like to urge all members of the General Assembly to vote 'yes' for this resolution, and distinguished delegates, this resolution is not about taking sides, it is about upholding International Law and the principles of the UN Charter. The United Nations, distinguished delegates, is being tested today. It is important that all countries, especially the small states, send a clear signal that we are united for peace and we are united to defend the principles of the Charter and that we are united to uphold International Law.I thank you for your attention.
Booking multiple stops on Comfort is also way cheaper, especially after midnight which is surprising, considering people avoided taxis after midnight because of the surcharges
boomers strawberry! pui! last time your fudder and I only pull in 2k still can buy HDB ok!
Boss say say what means say what. If not later go back suddenly collapse while drinking tea or sleepwalk, stabbed ownself multiple times at important organs and fall off the window. They aren't going to risk it esp these FA dips which have basically 0 say.
Both countries already have sanctions in place and both arent being invaded of invading so what's your point?
Both of which are still relevant to defending our sovereignty and territorial integrity, in a sense. Don't think some NATO members signed the land mine conventions either.
Both of which are still relevant to defending our sovereignty and territorial integrity, in a sense. What?
Both the People's Action Party and the opposition who dare not touch on the issue of LGBT should clue you in on that CSJ can attest to the part about how popular civil disobedience is in Singapore. He singlehandedly cause the opposition movement to regress at least 10 years. And the reason why you think the People's Action Party is not confident enough to make that statement is because you are just clueless
box office according to wikipedia ABTM 1 $6,300,000 ABTM 2 $7,900,000 ABTM 3 $7,800,000 ABTM 4 $4,500,000 AGGA First week already cross $1,300,000 Budget for 1 and 2 combined $3m. for 3, $2.8m. for 4, $2.7m. for AG, $2m. So, napkin sketch so far, they've spent about $5.5m in total production all completely covered by the first movie, and all of the rest is pure profit And this is before we even start talking about product placement! go la go, tell everyone how bad the movie is some more, post memes and more free marketing for the movie some more, Uncle Neo probably needs to treat his young talent to some luxury handbags
Boy howdy this hits home as a white person in the U.S you basically cant have views or opinions as a white person. Theres a predetermined response for everything you have to say as a white person. Don't like racism? You're too fragile. Don't like crime or poverty? Youre too privileged. Seriously there's basically no point in posting if youre white. Want that scholarship? Sorry buddy, youre skin is white. Want that free UBI? Sorry, white skin. Want a pride day or to honor your history? Sorry, white.
Boy oh boy. Whatever happened to every school is a good school ? Say for fun only ?
Boycott grab. Other services like comfort is better and cheaper. They got some promos recently to promote their new zig app.
Boys schools that are less studious all have a reputation for fighting and gangsterism. St Andrew, maris stella, acs barker etc. I heard montfort is the worst of all. All of them can be worse than the so called neighbourhood schools.
Bragging about your level of education is irrelevant due to the fact you can get it at almost any point of time in your life. Grades simply show the amount of information that had been successfully beaten into you. Bragging 'I'm from XXXX school and you're not so you're fucking stupid' is like saying 'I read more book titles than you so I'm automatically better and smarter than you fucking peasants'. Talent and hardwork have been put together in Singapore as correlated, but in truth talent means nothing when it comes to education. A higher grade in education means you have more info than others, not a higher brain function. A man with As in school is just as likely to be treated as a local idiot simply because he's flaunting about a merit that he got by sitting at a table and repeating the same fact again and again. To say 'my kid is from XXXX school because he studies sooooo hard and goes to tuiton EVERY DAY EVERY NIGHT' is like saying 'I want my child to suffer and be deluded with matching actual intelligent worth with memory retension while suppressing their true talents so that I can brag to everyone that I can produce things that aren't pieces of trash'. It's goddamn toxic. Good on you for speaking out, hopefully our deluded predecessors doesn't use a mob mentality to try and discredit you. You're doing great work.
Bragging I guess. But that would just mean the writer is an idiot who doesn't know Rule 1 of what to do if you win the lottery Never, ever , tell anyone. The only people who should know are the bank and the taxman. Money can cause even your own immediate family to backstab you, let alone gold-digging extended family and friends you hardly remember ever meeting. You will also become a prime target for robbery and scams.
Brainwashed lunatics are still part of the church. Even after evidence that their charitable donations are being used to enrich the leaders, people still cough up their 15% to 20%. I can't even begin to understand.
brave of them, but ultimately a futile effort. Singapore is too conservative in its values, roots, racial beliefs etc. The cultural traditions and even religions of the 3 major races here, frown heavily on non heterosexual behaviors. Singapore having similar LGBT rights like the U.S. is about as likely as marijuana being legalized here.
Bravo! They are really brave and hold true to their belief. But unfortunately, law is still law and they've broken it. Given the precedent cases, can only pray that they get off lightly.
Brazilian here, we sleep very little and you sleep even less, so I feel sorry for you guys.
Breaking news someone is angry that Demon Slayers season 2 just ended, tried to use breathing techniques to police officers in Clementi HQ, but sadly failed.
Bridge under water. Your earlier replies seems to suggest that you have a better solution right NOW. Seems otherwise NOW. I means ideally nobody fires the weapon and everyone just sit down and talk. No need for whatever sanctions but seriously, what other tools do the rest of world have in the current scenario?
Bring in 2 years NS, 4 years university and 5-7 years build-to-order. Its more of a 30 year or more commitment But if your child is not normal then thats a lifetime commitment and it will destroy you both mentally, financially and spiritually.
Bringing a life into the world, NOT JUST Singapore, should be a planned decision made by only 2 people. No one should or can force people to have a child, that's just rape, call the police. If you're not okay with bringing children into this world, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE ADOPT. They're already here on this Earth, but without the privilege of being with their biological parents. If you have the urge to care for a person, do it for those who need parents.
Bringing an axe and using it is a whole different league. It's a maiming weapon, to hack through skin and bone. Unlike a knife which can slash. I'm beyond shocked at this
brother actually gym at home saves time sia. Buy some cheap but not overpriced barbells unless you want the gym quality that kind or something similar on Shopee and there you go, WOFH workout from home
brother don't need to write essay bigotry of any sort just bugs me and I can see it from both sides of the extreme
brother he has a knife if the taser doesn't land on the first try, the officer is dead
brother he's ex-artillery. If Russia hits with a EMP strike, he probably can easily calculate firing solution manually.
brother how about that one peeny tweeny lil spider thats like 0.5 cm long and just runs away
brother I wonder if it's already here That aside, India escaped the first wave due to its relatively young population. This new strain evolved to get around that. that is terrifying. Godspeed
brother I'm pretty sure that's illegal. Not just the physical abuse but the refuse to pay anything, let you die outside part
brother it's a percentage over the said group not slice of the pie. Using percentage is okay, it just a matter whether the sample has enough statistical power. I am more concerned about the numbers on the last few age groups whether the death was mainly caused by covid or not.
brother nothing can compare to the uselessness of ns. government is already wasting everybody's time and money on useless conscription. Just make healthcare as a profession more attractive, and for fucks sake get rid of those useless sda and gantries. All these resources can be put to better use
brother our defence doctrine is literally a pre emptive strike into Malaysia as Singapore do not have strategic depth
brother pls, a minister once said that it is not their job to provide solutions. But what do I know right I'm just a SN earning less than 3k for 50+ hour work weeks.
brother they evacuated a Singaporean and a few others. Did you not read the news
brother we already spend more money on our military than any other nation on earth relax what do you want us to do
brother we live surrounded by blocks like that in every district that has a hdb since 1970-80s Looks identical to the blocks here at bukit Batok too.
brother what. That's in UK. Anyways the point is even America, the country that everyone here seems to shit on, has a policy for housing discrimination. Singapore when?
brother which alternate reality you living in, i want in. You're basically living proof of Nothing is going on and nothing to see here.
brother why u wanna squat in the curl rack? go to the smith machine la I am being sarcastic
brother you let me share with you my secret, if you missed the escape route of oh I have that already And accidentally got yourself in sale pitch that you are feeling too shy to say NO to directly. next time just say thank you but I maxed out my bank account limit today I just bought xx STOCK or xx crypto. Thank you for your recommendation I will try it tomorrow. The sales girl would then proceed to give u her number or her telegram to follow up with her sale. It is at this point you can choose to ghost her.
brother, I just tried to link and realise they don't allow posting of facebook link. The bot told me.
brother, Vietnam is a civil war. They merely choose a side + that is definitely a different era of Singapore then and a Singapore now. edit Also Singapore and many other ASEAN countries have interest to not Want a communist vietnam. Which also is the origin of ASEAN
brother. Christians have to deal with people like Iris koh everyday. It's a universal thing that the more enlightened one thinks he or she is, the more of a nutjob they become.
brother. I can't fathom how you would think this needs any of the three points you mentioned. We see a trained fighter using deadly force with intent to kill on a man that down on the ground. How does that not enrage you. Honestly dude, you need to be better if that's really your opinion.
brother. Just eat at maintainence or slightly above - use TDEE calculator to estimate, Then do pullups and pushups or something. Basic resistance exercises. Can maintain the size one
Buddy this is in a moving MRT not a sanctioned fight or rolling at the gym
Bullshit Unvaccinated over 60 year olds are over 2 or 3 of our critical care expenditure right now in beds and vastly more in manpower despite making up only 1.5% of the population. The government rightly wants everyone to blame them because they are antisocial assholes keeping everyone else hostage. The government is right.
bullying and harassment is a very big factor. but we can only speculate to know after investigations are done.
Burhan Gafoor Prior to his appointment, Mr. Gafoor served as Singapore's High Commissioner to Australia from 2014. He also served as the country's Ambassador and Chief Negotiator for United Nations Climate Change Negotiations from 2010 to 2014. Between 2007 and 2010, he was Singapore's Ambassador to France, and from 2004 to 2007 he served as the country's Permanent Representative to the United Nations in Geneva. Having joined the Singapore Foreign Service in 1988, Mr. Gafoor has held several other positions, including that of Press Secretary to former Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong from 2002 to 2004. He represented his country as President of the Diplomatic Conference of the World Intellectual Property Organization in 2006 and as Chairman of the Special Session of the Committee on Trade and Development, World Trade Organization, from 2006 to 2007. Mr. Gafoor holds a Bachelor of Social Science degree in Political Science from the National University of Singapore, a master's in public administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University and a degree in public administration from the cole nationale d'administration in Paris. Born on 20 October 1965, he is married and has two sons.
burning their fingers Not the manager' fingers for sure lar. Since when government will lose anything?!
But addressing these issues right now which some are almost impossible to address right now does nothing for the nurses and doctors at the frontlines. The government has had copious resources and two years to do something about it. But rather than build a more robust and better organised and compensated system, they've wasted all that time telling everyone to just stay inside and wait for it all to go away. The money has been spent not on helping healthcare workers, but paying SDAs to make sure everybody follows meaningless rules to make it look like something is being done, so people don't notice that nothing actually is being done. It's been incredibly poorly managed. Even now, they're calling for volunteers to come help with the load instead of actually putting any money into it or trying to solve root issues. They're doing there best to just wait this out without actually making any decisions, and there never will be a right time . Shit needs to get invested in and managed right now if we want it to bear fruits in the future.
But any kind of mental health help is extremely expensive in Singapore it is not only expensive, but the stigma and fallout from it is very expensive in terms of social capital as well. Look how so many of our defamation case people get sent for mental health evaluation. not sure if it is to help them or to reduce their credibility
But at least the AG has to announce it beforehand. Can't just change position and charge someone after the act has already been committed.
but brother what about non-malay Singaporeans. What about nationality. Yall forget about that one. Its not just ethnicity and religion liao. Different countries respond differently.
But but, the only supermarket near me is INSIDE a mall! How am I going to buy my groceries. government Get Vaccinated or get F &%ed
But can you afford to buy a house there though? Renting is not an option if you want to start a family there, as rentals can and will go up. Houses start at $1.5m++ and you have to account for stuff like property taxes which goes to around $15k a year for a $1.5m house . You have to literally be married to another software engineer to make it. I've used a housing affordability calculators and it says that I can only afford a USD600k house in USA with my tech salary. That's like literally nothing in the Bay Area. You are also assuming that everyone there works as an software engineer, which is why Bay Area natives working in fields like education, construction and public services e.g. firefighters are very angry at techie bros inflating their house prices. It's the same anger that is going on in Singapore, where university graduates in high paying fields are pushing our normal folks e.g. blue collar workers out of affordability. Heck, an engineer in Singapore working for FAANGs or respectable start-ups are easily earning $5-9k a month as starting pay, so it's not like an engineer here is being paid like $2k. It's like saying this for Singapore's HDB prices Sure, but the average income for an investment banker is gonna be 120k starting out or 200k for senior. Even after tax and rent, you guys have plenty left over. Your comment is out of touch , just like how ang moh expats come to Singapore and say so cheap! while on their big expat packages. Find out the salary of the common person in SV and you would know how hard it is to even afford living there. Why people complain on about being priced out and having to do 1-2 hour commutes by car?
But can you sleep in the ambulance? Doesn't another shift use the same ambulance when your shift ends?
But cpf is dependent on how much you earned during your life and can be tapped for thing like buying a house, making it imperfect. people like to complain about it but the main problem is that it's often not enough. If you want more pension you're going to have to pay more now. Other countries have more comprehensive retirement schemes, including guaranteed payments for all retirees and or or additional private pension funds.
But eating McDonald's would kill your gains. You need to eat rich protein and carbs and low fats to maximise your session
But given how heavily both are intertwined, in Singapore context it should be assumed as such no? I mean if you want to argue that Malay ! Muslim, sure. Just find me a Malay food store that sells pork It shouldn't be a universal generalization. Admittedly it's useful most of the time but if the topic pertains to a Malay trying to separate from Islam as an identity, then the generalization is pointless and inaccurate.
but he did try his best to be entertaining. , gotta give him that. Plus he was quite eloquent too
but I do find his use of just being cautious as insincere. Definitely insincere. But that doesn't mean his other so-called hidden agenda isn't legitimate though. Indian FTs have arrived in droves, often with a superior, condescending and snobbish attitude, treating local service workers like trash, imposing their own culture and caste-based attitudes, refusing to integrate, and engaged in nepotistic and discriminatory hiring practices to bring even more of their own kind in, displacing locals from the workforce, forming entire enclaves in stretches of high-end condominiums and creating a sense of alienation and tension among the local communities. You are free to dispute and deny this of course, but there is no smoke without fire. When immigration and manpower policy goes awry, the country and native suffers. When this happens, expect backlash from the marginalized locals. This is not about race. Singaporean Indians have been a part of the Singaporean fabric and no one had any issue with them. When mainland Chinese immigrants come in by the planeloads and cause havoc, they face censure and resentment from Singaporeans as well cue CCP and Winnie the Pooh memes , so there is no double standards at play. This is ultimately about immigration policy and the encroachment of foreign, alien forces that disrupt the livelihoods and security of the Singaporean people, and threaten the very social fabric of Singapore itself.
But I love it when the neighbours cook curry! i guess i've never had to live within curry marinated walls, but it can't be worse than a smoker's room.
But if HSK lost, CottonComesrromSheeps might well be our next PM! His team didn't get a strong mandate anyway.
But if she does go protest and get arrested, people will say see ! troublemaker! why don't she use legal methods to advance her cause!
But if that stat includes commuting to work it's almost a 40 hour work week isn't it? Many people can spend 45-60 mins commuting one way. So 5 days a week of commuting is roughly 7.5-10 hours. Add that to a 40 hour work week and that's almost 51 hours. Obviously some people are definitely getting overworked for the average to be slightly higher than that, but it's not outrageously off.
But if they dont close the gym and covid spreads there, the people will blame them again for being reactive instead of proactive. As much as it hurts, I believe this is a good move.
But if you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, and if they can't stop you, then you become something else entirely. A Legend.
But in all fairness, as a Chinese myself, I do not see or even feel the racism that minorities face everyday. Until i lived overseas myself and became the minority! What you said is VERY true but for the majority of people who brushed you off, please forgive them, as they are physically and mentally incapable to comprehend what minorities are feeling and facing all the time Its like trying to describe color to a blind person . The constant worry and pressure of what the majorities think and feel weighs in on you every single day and time. It is draining and taxing! I can only say the difference here is that there is not so much physical violent things or outright verbal abuse thrown correct me if i am wrong when compared to the western countries right now. I can only say Be strong my friend! And I will do as much as I can to share my minority experience with others. And hope that they can understand.
but it gets exposure on a topic not many Singaporeans like myself would dwell on, good on you op for speaking up!
But it honestly really stinks! The coconut oil smells like something is rotting or a dead animal. I also hate chinese using the axe oil, will move away from them like plague. If something smell foul to people's noses, I don't think it's racism.
But it works in terms of improving morale. Rather than gaslighting its own citizens and imposing circuit breakers while allowing foreigners to continue entering the country.
But JoTeo survived. People's Action Party better consider looong and hard about removing the GRC system. Only Jamus would have gotten in if it was an SMC, and they would have kept their ministers while losing the deadweight JoTeo. It's quite unfortunate that East coast didn't fall. If East coast went to WP, 100% the GRC system will be abolished.
But my point is that at a age below 21, when a person might still be undergoing puberty, and that their treatment might not be entirely successful, and that there might be complications down the road. Don't you think the doctors or surgeons involved have more medical information to make that determination? Or, don't you think our current guidelines are based on data to ensure that it's safe for the patient? Your point seems like needless concern over something that's already subject to very tight restrictions. It's not easy to get HRT or serious.
but neither of those things are good at holding ground. They are good in tearing the ground up so that there's no enemies left to oppose holding the ground. The worry remains that Russia will pull a Gronzy or Syria and blast the opposition to rubbles, civilian casualties be damned. Esp with Putin getting increasingly isolated, the cornered beast fights the fiercest.
But on the flip side, imagine the panic if the government were to say the Healthcare system is NOT coping well. Knowing the public's reaction, it's not difficult to envisage an even greater pileup at hospitals and clinics because people are afraid they wouldn't be attend to if they are not there early. Not ignoring the true reality, but there's always a dissonance between reality and communications.
BUT only in instances when the assailant sucker punch, scratch, or gives a lame-ass kick to the victim and the victim is still able to leave the scene walking, and talking etc So if a woman punch, scratches you etc, you still need to file a report, not auto? Lame. And if you DO file a report, you'r seen as weak ass boy.
But providing political cover for actual risk-based triaging of hospital admissions will make a huge difference to hospital loads. Take this CNA article. If true, they are admitting 20% of attendees when the actual serious risk is at 0.1%. Excessive, in my opinion. Then there's the excessive use of a&e for non-emergency purposes, forcing specialists to do triaging that should have been performed in primary care. That also requires a political solution - I'd be tempted to charge an access fee that is refunded towards care if admitted.
But right now the law is not written in their favour and they will have to face the consequences of it. Contrary to what many of the commenters here belief, your own narcissistic beliefs do not equate to that of all Singaporeans and that can be reflected in the law at this point in time. If you want to live in your fairy tale in which your feelings always portray that of everyone then so be it. I look forward to seeing you get arrested for fighting what you feel is unjust
but solving one problem that opens to others isn't exactly a solution either. sure we can teach that sex before marriage is permissible. then what do we do with the growing number of single mothers or parents who give birth out of wedlock? we have to ask ourselves whether we are really helping people by going with nice retheorics and causes but faiing to see the potential negative impact. of course there isn't any easy middle ground in this matter. I say teach that there are really responsibilities that come with sexual intercourse, and that there are many potential joys yet pains and challenges that come along with it. but teach it when the young person is able to reason and comprehend, not too early. giving the freedom of choice without expectinf the cost of it is dangerous.
But srsly what's the point of an authoritarian government like ours if they aren't willing to use the stick when necessary? I mean, France of all places is doing it. Our government is losing power every election. Using the stick likely isn't going to sit well for some people, which in turn means losing votes. Whether or not that is the reason, I don't know, but it's a possibility
But the contrary to this all this is that, Singapore as I understand adopted Israel's military doctrine. Which goes for a swift and decisive first strike against any potential aggressor Israel's six day war . Singapore like Israel could not afford to be passive and wait for the aggressor to arrive on our shore. The war is doom before it even started. Hence the first strike would mean attacking either our northern or southern neighbours. A Singapore war would not be Singapore defending, it will be Singapore attacking. We are the Russian conscripts.
But the further notice refers you to the previous notice? Which means it's an endless loop. Which means, it'll be forever closed
But the key difference is Singapore will be the one attacking. And we will attack with an army made up of even more conscripts by percentage than the Russian army. Against the professional Malaysian army.
But the thing is the points I clarified are the de-facto situation on the ground. Homosexuality doesn't come about by choice and it certainly isn't a lifestyle, it's a result of random genetic mutation when the child is conceived. On the other hand polygamy and group sex is a choice that one chooses to engage with. Even the government understands that some teenagers are sexualy active, that's why the age of consent is at 16. Puberty starts at 11 for girls and 12 for boys so they're not going to be sexually active for some time and if they do before the age of 16 then thats rape! I'm not pointing out what's right or wrong and the ethics of premarital sex, but if you don't confront these very real issues you're going to have more teenage pregnancies as teens will be too scared to get a condom. And homosexuals feeling confused, isolated and possibly even develop depression as they will never be able to have a hetrosexual marriage.
But the whole point is they were protesting things that unnecessarily disrupt their day-to-day life in a very unpeaceful way.
but then again, if HSK didn't head over there, they could had lost another GRC. Hard to imagine who else they could had deployed there that could match Nicole, while also not causing turbulence in the party.
but then he got shot on his left arm in case, which is a non-vital part, not sure if it was a calculated move on the officer's part or that he missed and ended up hitting him on the arm but he could had shot him in the chest or stomach which was a much easier target.
But these otters contribute more to GDP than you. They are featured in tourism brochures and tourists look for them as part of visit. They don't care about you.
But they need to get food bah, so go food places to dabao eat when free.
But this isn't even classified information, it's on national tv for all to see. Oh well poor boy
but to generalize the rule to a whole country with over a billion fucking people is lazy and bigoted. Not sure if serious or just.dare I say, lazy ?
But underneath there is substance. They are reducing the rental by 50% and NOT increasing fare. Anthony Tan's devout ass would nmhs even never imagined the backlash to such a noble gesture!
But was he suspicious tho Seemed pretty blatant and obvious in his intents, not shifty at all
But we are not ready for an Indian PM. So, Jack Neo is the better option. I am being sarcastic
but what can the world do against him? more sanctions? Putin literally laughs at the sanctions that russia's been enduring for years and any new ones are unlikely to have much effects, if anything, the EU would still pay good money for his fossil fuels. Also there are a crapton of oil in ukraine, securing them all means more money for the motherland and putin gets to reunify the country in the process, it's actually a pretty sweet deal for him in my opinion.
But what OP is saying is that if you love something such as your child is it really a good plan to make it go through all the suffering and turmoil that they listed? They didn't suggest that the kid was going to be an investment, just that their quality of life will probably be so harsh that you can't justify bringing it into this world.
But what we stand to gain lolz with vivian words lolz unnecessary tensions for what lolz . Condemn and aids we did it why he need go all this shit ?
But when they come in excessively, when they disrespect the locals and try to introduce the caste system, we have a problem with that. I'm glad you talk about 'disrespecting the locals'. Because this is what I think the real crux of the issue is a real or perceived dent to local pride that determines the discourse on the presence of certain foreigners in the country. The vast majority of Indians have integrated, follow the rules and local norms etc, but as it turns out, all it takes is one incident involving an Indian in a privileged position, and everybody loses their minds about Indians in Singapore as a whole. That is categorically xenophobia. About casteism I've yet to see a demonstrable example of casteism at play in Singapore, outside of anecdotes on EDMW which I struggle with believing, for obvious reasons There is definitely some classism within the Indian community, but that's not too far off from how classism works in any society. It's very much about how much money you have, which circles you move around in, and which social values are seen as cool or uncool. Casteism is most apparent in matrimony Where it's literally like, oh you're not brahmin? Hard pass , but not anywhere else. In a corporate context, I can say that lingualism, colourism, and regionalism exist which are super applicable in local companies too, by the way , but casteism simply doesn't apply here. Caste doesn't determine social value here. Factors like race, religion, skin colour, 'western-ness' matter more. Having said this, I would love to know if you've seen this in person. Sidenote I'm classified as a lower caste Ezhava for those who would like to read more in India, so I can say with some conviction that I'm a lot more attuned to disenfranchisement with respect to caste. I do not see it here.
But why go through the potential hassle of litigation + refurbishing when you can avoid it altogether?
But you already know we plan to do it. That is enough to start to protest now.
But you have artificial meat for ecological reasons, so you're surely advanced on the climate change question right ? I am being sarcastic
but you see. Singapore just introduced a tech pass that only applies to the top 5% of tech talent due to its arbitrary restrictions and has a 500 person cap. Surely, this will reinvigorate our tech sector.
but you took it out of context Putin is wrong, but NATO and US aren't clean either.
But you'll use it as some sort of excuse when confronted with examples of Singapore's racism?
Buy from anywhere and everywhere Wait till you see India's airforce. They bought planes from almost every country that produces military planes except China of course .
By angle I meant bearing. You'd have to stand in a line about 30 degrees from the Maybank tower to get this angle. That line cuts right across Suntec. With zooming and cropping I can't be 100% sure, but that's a plausible location. This is the only exclusive pool I know of in the area, because I'm allowed to go there. But I haven't been so I don't know what its view is like
By choosing to live in your house instead of moving back in with your parents and renting out your house you're also losing out on the exact same amount of money ok tax is less, but pretty insignificant . At the end of the day everything which is not the barest of necessities is a pure expense .
by every fucking measure. they're using literal civilian tech ie android phones to communicate because many units didn't bring signals equipment to communicate with HQ. officers are detaching themselves from their units because they're cowardly and commandeering them from far behind. you can tell what that does for morale. many soldiers are self sabotaging poking holes in fuel tanks and the like so that they won't have to fight, because they were told this was going to be a training exercise not live war. the only thing that Russia has going for them is their air force and artillery. but neither of those things are good at holding ground. can't hold ground either when your supply lines are being fucked over and over.
By saying only Indians are you referring to nationality or race? If you are referring to nationality, putting up such an advertisement in Singapore would be counterproductive isn't it? If you are referring to race, Singaporean is a nationality and Indian is a race, it's not comparable.
By the way , do you guys know what will happen to the Chan Chun Sing? Still operated by PA or what?
by the way this picture is from a long time ago. From 2014 when he was inspecting the border.
bystander effect that shit been debunked, and also, don't act like you would step in to help beyond just pressing the 'emergency button'.
Bystander effect. Where someone will assume someone else did the calling and thus no one calls. In medical emergencies it is always recommended to point and assign a single person to do the calling so that someone actually calls.
call for volunteers macam some charity event selling second hand clothes. come lai lai man this booth for me 2 hours ok. Hello. this is SINGAPORE's renowned healthcare system !
call it out Yes. Call it out. If you stay silent, you are supporting and allowing the racist behaviour to continue. And the next generation of Singaporeans in your family will grow up thinking this behaviour is acceptable.
call your bank immediately for debit or credit card chargeback P.S. Lucky you used your debit or credit card. I have no patience for these deceptive hardselling practices
Called it. Calculated risk my ass! They are so fucking lucky the next election is years away
calling it unhealthy Those that partake in gay sex have a 4000% greater chance to die from anal cancer. Is reality homophobic?
Calling out a double standard is not whataboutism. That's like asking someone who defends Black rights 'what about Asians? what about LGBT? what about women? what about maids? what about animals? It's funny you use that as an example. Many people supporting black rights are black and have a vested interest in supporting black rights, especially in countries like the US where blacks get shot by the police often. That answers why people who support black rights don't care as much about other causes, even if it's not a very respectable answer. What about you? What vested interest do you have in supporting Ukraine? You aren't Ukrainian and you're as far removed from the conflict as you can be, living in a city-state on the opposite side of the world. Why are you so passionate about this conflict in particular after ignoring so many others? It just boils down to racism in my opinion. Look at how the media covers this conflict hyperfocusing on Ukrainians' appearances and the colours of their hair and eyes and the way they dress, comparing Ukraine to uncivilized countries and so on. If you think Ukrainian lives matter more because of the way they look and their perceived status as a developed country compared to other war-torn countries, just say so instead of dismissing criticism as whataboutism. This thread talks about how Russian citizens and soldiers shouldn't be attacked. What do you think sanctions are doing? They directly attack their livelihoods and ruin their quality of life, and yet would rather virtue signal against Russian restaurants closer to home getting review-bombed online. These citizens that didn't order the war are suffering under sanctions issued by the rest of the world. These Russian soldiers that can't be blamed are being killed by Ukrainians. Rosy words on reddit absolving them of blame do nothing to redact the horrific reality that is going on there. And yet we don't even spare a thought for the countless other countries going through similar conflict because not caring is normalised. Whereas white people killing white people in le civilised europe is not normalised. I am not pro-Russia. They are obviously the aggressors in this war and completely in the wrong. But I'm sick of Reddit cheering a country on like a sports team to stroke their own egos. Recognize your own biases and be objective instead of simping for a country you barely heard of until they got invaded.
Can a person sexual preference get influenced, or is it inborn? If sexual preference can be influenced, conversion therapy would have been seen as overwhelmingly effective.
Can a plant reach its full potential in the shade of it's parents? Unless they step out of the way. it's usually unlikely
Can agree with u, most family businesses are getting pummeled hard and it hurts to see them work so hard for no income
can check out comfortdelgro's new app ZIG, $3 unlimited promo and $5 off first ride not paid to promote, got food or drink or activities deals too!
Can confirm, I have an abnormal ecg but was cleared by echocardiogram done at KTPH during my enlistment 3+ years ago
Can confirm, we are still trying to get rid of the curry smell from my grandfather wedding, for the record he was married in the 1960s. So i can totally understand your point.
Can confirm. Growing up with such messaging, especially from my parents, did fuck up my mental health.
Can excuse taser because very close already. The questions need to raise is. How long did the conflict occur prior? Already got 3 officers outside. Was there time to deploy riot shield from inside the guard house? By right all guard house should have at least 1 riot shield. If don't have riot shield, why?
Can I also add that HDB is not an asset class item, and hard work and wealth accumulated during your lifetime will not be passed down to successive generations? Meaning, generations down the line of your own blood, people will work just as hard as you and not benefit from your hard work or wealth. Conscription is needed and necessary but people from other countries can come into Singapore and enjoy the environment possible only with conscription or military, without having to serve the military. Once in a century talented leadership, Lee Kuan Yew, has moved on and the government is in disarray, filled with people that obviously have their own hidden agendas and does not connect with the average layman. I have no means to, but trust me, migrate out of Singapore if you have the means.
Can I ask how are you so confident that that thing won't hurt you with your hands so close to it? Are you like the equivalent of herpetologists who understand how snakes behave which is how they can touch them without a problem?
Can I check if the 7 days in at their home of residence or dedicated facilities?
Can I give you an honarary gild for this? All this while I've been referring to them as meme vs bigger meme or monkey vs spongebob
Can only confirm. I've once worked in a fast food restaurant within a water park. Most people felt so superior and also showed it to me. Thing is that I myself also think that I'm more intelligent than others and probably more educated, but I would never show it in front of these guys especially when I don't really know them yeah I know D
can only speak for myself. Hopefully other residents give Jamus and co. a chance too
Can pass Warren Fernandez editor in chief and Sumiko Tan executive editor a not? I am being sarcastic If not means media gag
Can PM me a link to some of them, would also like to watch anti-vaxxers throw tantrums.
Can provide the original source? It make more sense he protest in front of ICA or even parliament than TTSH. As if Hospital can decide on immigration policy
Can someone post the lyrics? I'm overseas now and I miss the chant so much 'D
Can someone tell me what actually happens when you press the emergency button in a situation like this?
can track which hole the lanjiao enter and before you cum must check out using QR code
Can we bring one friend if I have anytime fitness membership, or only one person can go at a time.
Can we go further and blame the government for attempting to celebrating our independence every year?
Can we have a graph of excess death less covid related ones? I think it will show a clearer picture than this.
Can we just scrap the damn thing and give the money to the suffering f&b industry.
Can we please send this video to the cops in the US? They seem to think that one shot isn't enough to stop knife-wielding assailants or car key-holding .
Can we stop him from getting the rotan? He doesn't need it. Can we blame the cameraman instead? Even my dog doesn't like it when i put the camera to his face. Might as well blame mediacorp for placing the cameraman there. He's still young, he do stupid things without thinking of the consequences, he will be famous for only 3 minutes. Life will go on , you are overthinking it.
Can you even speak Ukrainian to begin with? You're liable to become a liability if you can't.
Can you even trust india at this point? prob 90% of the negative covid test are faked at this point. One india flight to canada had 54 passenger test positive despite all of them having negative cert before departure. Govern slow to react once again and now we pay the price.
Can you explain how it could be remotely plausible that a good-faith police report, about a true event, could violate public order? Seem pretty obvious that if following the procedure of the law to the letter is a violation of public order, then it's the procedure of the law that's at odds with public order, not your following of it.
Can you imagine the uproar if the government makes this announcement tmr? Why do that when you can get commercial carriers to do it at no risk since you are banning non SC PR
Can't afford to close borders. wonder what's gonna hit harder, stopping travel from high-risk countries, or lockdown
Can't be SGH. Was recently admitted to SGH a&e and the wait was over freaking 40 hours for a bed in a proper ward. There was a backflow into the a&e corridors and it looked like the situation may have gotten worse. And it's just for Class B2 wards. Class A wards got an 8-patient long wait, which is actually quite long considering those are single-patient.
Can't believe I had to scroll so far down for this. people need to start saving the moment they start a full-time job at 25 thereabouts . Saving $100-500 a month will exponentially increase your retirement funds due to the concept of compound interest. Don't put all the money in the bank, read about investment portfolios, do low-yield bonds if you want, or things like endowments. Start thinking of retiring when you start work. That's how you get ahead of the game.
Can't blame them, I can see how anyone not in South East Asia would think so based on US or even UK news writing
Can't conduct risked based analyst if vaccine side effects has not been studied for 5-10 years - Big Pharma Brain Moment
Can't even buy a bottle of 100 plus from my school canteen with only a dollar.
Can't even enter a mall? Sure? Is this an error in reporting? I honestly wonder how the situation is going to be like.All the manpower and time needed to check everyone's vaccinated status at mall entrances. Also the manpower and implementation at coffeeshops too. Not that I am complaining. All for these restrictions to the anti-vaxxer. Just wondering how this is going to be executed.
Can't I feel blessed to live in a country with Super Low crime rates? It's pretty narrow minded to focus an entire concept of blessed life solely on finances and the expectations of how someone should lead their life marriage, house, etc . Sure I'm trapped in a hamster wheel of earning money, but it's the same reality in other metropolitan cities. At least I don't have to worry constantly about my parents getting robbed when they end work late.
Can't imagine what the families of the victim and perpetrator is going through this fucking sucks.
Can't keep deer as pets. Dogs are entirely dependent on humans either as pets or scavengers.
Can't say I ever been to Singapore but I can relate, born in America, son of Indian immigrants, I forced myself to assimilate so I wouldn't get bullied, but it never really worked. As I got older, things got better, but I attribute that to the fact that I got better at blending in. I will never forget what one of my classmates said in highschool about another Indian who wasn't as adept at fitting in , he said, Man, why can't Raj be like you? people would make fun of him less if he just tried to be normal. You're normal, sometimes I forget that you're Indian. I was normal because I repressed my identity, I stopped associating with Indians, I stopped eating Indian food, I refused to learn my parents language, didn't let my parents meet any of my friends and was constantly embarrassed. All out of shame for what I was. Let me be crystal clear, the US is not a racist country, in fact, out of any of the countries I've been in, it's been the most accommodating, and I hate the fact that other countries like Canada or the European ones take this moral high ground. You are full of shit, you may like to pretend you are superior, but you're not, and I'd hazard to say that you're worse. At least America attempts heterogeneity, no other white dominant country is even close the ethnic mixing that America has managed to achieve I am a proud Indian American.
Can't say if i can say. It's in jurong island. And i stay in sengkang. So. Yeah!
Can't say worst industry when some roles actually have ot and shift pay which adds up substantially. Are those hours his contracted schedule? I used to know friends who's parents are also in such industries, foreman or crane operator or site supervisor with long hours but they make like 5 figures a month with ot hours add in.
Can't stand the armchair experts complaining about how the police handled this. I think they handled it to the best of their ability and followed protocol. Anyone who says nEeD sO mAnY pOlIcE? Have clearly never tried to restrain an agitated suspect alone before.
can't trust this gen leadership for anything I don't even believe these measures are only until end of month
Can't wait for jamus meet mp session which would literally be like a fan sign and people going to him for weird things.
Can't wait for Jo Teo to tell me to have sex in my 1 bedroom apt to pass the time for cheebye 2
Canada would like to have a word with you. If you have no parental financial support, you live in major cities, and make around the median income, u will work until your late 60s or 79s, and still have no home.
Canadian here from the front page It makes me frustrated that people are facing the same issues world wide. Things like housing, stagnant wages and general quality of life decrease seem to be happening everywhere. I am currently helping my parents retire or keep our family afloat. Not sure if or when I'll be able to save for retirement. How can you think about starting a family when you can't get by on your own? It's just not practical
Caning in Singapore School caning Caning is also used as a form of corporal punishment and disciplinary measure in primary and secondary schools. It is applicable to only male students it is illegal to inflict corporal punishment on female students. The punishment may be administered by only the Principal, Vice Principal, or a specially designated and trained Discipline Master . The student's parents must be informed immediately of all the details of the offence and punishment. PM Exclude me Exclude from subreddit FAQ or Information Source Downvote to remove v0.24
Caning is less common in newer families now. When used carefully, caning may not have long term effects on the psychological and physical aspects of the child. Most parents pamper their children a lot now. For example, in the past, a parent would ask the teacher to scold the child for doing something wrong. Now, the parents would lodge a complaint against the teacher for scolding the child. Are we okay? Think we are relatively okay. There are trade-offs, but we are generally much better when compared with our neighbours.
cannot , a certain policymaker said before if the mini only earn so little how do they talk to top CEOs without losing face. so must peg to top CEOs and also to GDP.
Cannot go for food dates then go where? Now also nothing much to do except go out eat
Cannot la as much as I support look at the surrounding countries if we legalise they won't do business with us liao.
Cannot share . But can say i've been in different industries and have always had to collaborate or co-share responsibilities with various government agencies or depts. Want to live in the pond have to learn to toe the line in one form or other, I'm already a blacksheep and have paid the price with employment opportunities and promos. Some people get it worse and are blacklisted everywhere they get shipped to. Good luck if you're from sji or st. pat's.at least ri and acs crowd take care of their own. The christian boys have to watch their own backs.
Canon 6D w 16-35 f or 4 IS or i might have even shot this with my 50mm sigma art
Capable enough to impress Singaporeans, not capable enough for me. But I work with and recognize talent only at the highest caliber.
Careful, the mods of that subreddit was recently outed as a caricature of people pushing for work reforms as lazy and entitled. And no, isn't free from fault, either The only statement I fully agree upon is Eat The Rich
Carholic mission schools had something similar. Some charity welfare draw. Thought you might have been referring to that.
Cause of healthcare workers being overworked and healthcare system being flooded people with mild symptoms rushing to the hospital So why cant the solution be to tell people it IS mild? Telling them not to panic? Seems like a very direct thing to me? Your own government's messaging last week was also pretty clearly exactly that a first step in reverse-fearmongering that I was actually quite supportive of. Also, being a reopening advocator is something that comes with many shades and is not just a dichotomy of OPEN EVERYTHING UP or a lockdowner. Many want the stupid restrictions to go, restrictions which have nothing to do with increasing hospital caseload. I know youre gonna do the usual spiel of saying we have no way of knowing which restrictions are meaningless well, I'll place my trust in the experts who have studied such issues their whole lives I feel like I dont get your point here except you guys not allowed to advocate for reopenings when healthcare worker are still suffering
Cause opposition started winning seats and people no longer cower under the force of Lee Kuan Yew who basically had no opposition in parliament for at least 20 years
cause there is no reason to invade. Why would singapore or malaysia invade each other? Both are democracies and neither want the other populace in their own voting base.
cause you cant use it on someone unless the person is armed with a weapon and is posing a threat to the officer's life.
Cause you have Singaporeans and prs coming back along with workers needed for constructive, domestic helpers etc. It's not leisure travel
Ccb so u happy they die ? Dumbass. Your comment is full of hyper generalisations and literal xenophobia. Maybe according to you the whole Chinese population in xiland should die cause they were the ones who spread the virus throughout the world? Nah you won't say that, you're a CCP dog
Center of mass is correct, people who think you can aim and shoot the leg stopping the guy entirely watched too much TV. You can lose a bunch of thigh muscle and still hobble steps forward. Also bullets don't go straight in and out unless gun is powerful enough.
Cheap enough to pay off fully in cpf contributions only. My parents had a 5-year mortgage for their 5-room in the late 80s on a single income but HDB accidentally took the full payment out of cpf in the first year of purchase.
Cheap labour exists to support capitalist interests. There is a reason why it exists, and why it exists in its current form, and even why it will persist.
cheebye but not cheebye. cheebye sia. Wonder if there will be payout to help affected businesses
cheebye made plans next week what the fuck , may as well have announced it earlier instead of dragging on and suddenly change from half fuck measures
cheebye You could not live with your own failure. Where did that bring you? Back to me
Chey, if there was no surge pricing, the Grab drivers would be doing exactly the same. Money talks.
Child study, good results, various accomplishments etc have nothing to do with the parents. Don't get parents who brag about their child, their success has nothing to do with you in my opinion maybe a little bit like tuition fees. Thank god my mom is not like that.
Children should never be seen as an investment. If your reason for not having kids is because they're not worth the investment, then i'm glad you made that calculation because as a child, I'd never want to feel that my existence was based on belief that I could bolster my parent's back account in the future. Some people choose to have children even though it hurts them financially because they believe having children can bring joy to their life, not because they miscalculated some investment return from their children and that's not wrong either. - concise comment made by
Children should never be seen as an investment. If your reason for not having kids is because they're not worth the investment, then i'm glad you made that calculation because as a child, I'd never want to feel that my existence was based on belief that I could bolster my parent's bank account in the future. Some people choose to have children even though it hurts them financially because they believe having children can bring joy to their life, not because they miscalculated some investment return from their children and that's not wrong either.
China 'bout to discover a 3500 year old map etched into tree bark that definitively proves that Singapore was part of the mainland
China already thinks they have a rightful claim to singapore just because we have a chinese racial majority. Imperialists will come up with any reason to fabricate claims on the territories they desire.
China already thinks they have a rightful claim to singapore just because we have a chinese racial majority. Worse, many who consumed too much propaganda think this is the only rightful way
China was the most casually racist country I have ever been to. And I have family in the U.S. Bible Belt.
chinese , japanese , and korean are the worst racist out there. being an outsider that looks different guarantee discrimination. as a chinese minority that live outside singapore , you chinese singaporean are so lucky. still , the group mentality is strong in chinese society. keep fighting and singapore will change to be better.
Chinese newspapers broke the news first. Probably died from his wounds by the time ST reported it
Chinese risk scorn only from family. Malays risk scorn from their entire race. It's not entirely true you can do whatever you want, but it is easier for the Chinese.
Chinese. Indian. Malay. Christian. Buddhist. Hindu. Muslim. We all worship at the altar of one God here in Singapore. The god of wealth and money. Make no mistake.
Chorus Seh seh seh seh Oh oh oh oh Ohh wei ohh wei oi oi oi ai ya Ohh wei ohh wei oi oi oi Step SLK verse Toh teng ji ki ang jing gao Siou le ji bai sa lau kau Aw aw salaukau Singapore bo bhey zao Kapo kapo kapo kao Kapo gina si kiao kiao Oo long mai zhui zou ka po Ka ni na bhey singapore Leng sey leng sey pa leng sey Leng sey gina buay pai seh Tong tong tong tong Wa eh lao bu bo pa oh Ta li oh koh oh yo oh beng seng pa buay toh Buey song lai, qhi kua mai beng seng gia zai zai
Choy Hon Tim was former Deputy Chief Executive Operations of the Public Utilities Board PUB . He had been bribed by a businessman who was once employed at PUB as a clerk. Choy's relationship with the businessman developed in 1974 when the latter became a sub-contractor to PUB. It started in 1977, when the businessman sought the assistance of Choy who was then a PUB engineer, to ensure the smooth laying of high-tension cables in his sub-contract works with PUB. In return, Choy was given 20 per cent of the company's profits in cash. This arrangement lasted up until the businessman shut down his sub-contracting company and migrated to Australia. In 1983, the businessman approached Choy again, who was then the Acting Chief Electrical Engineer, to set up a 'consultancy service', providing advice to international contractors interested in doing business with PUB. The role of the businessman was to provide consultancy services to prospective contractors while Choy provided confidential and privileged information concerning PUB tenders. He was also to provide assistance wherever necessary to ensure the smooth running of projects after they were awarded to the contractors. This lucrative partnership earned the businessman a total of $63,377,744 and of this sum, $12,240,613 went to Choy. The payments were made via cheques or cash orders payable to Choy's former and second wives. The case was opened for investigation by the CPIB in 1994, and with the help of Hong Kong's Independent Commission Against Corruption ICAC . According to CPIB's investigation, Choy had as much as $13 million stashed in a Hong Kong bank account under his second wife's sister's name. As his sister-in-law was not a high-earning individual, there was no way she could have accumulated that amount of money. Choy Hon Tim soon fled the country. He was eventually brought back to face legal action in Singapore. On 27 October 1995, Choy Hon Tim was charged in court for criminal conspiracy and accepting bribes totalling around $13.85 million, and was sentenced to prison for 14 years. To date, the total amount of bribes he had received remains the largest total amount of bribe monies involved in Singapore's history.
Christ, Singapore sounds like hell. I don't appreciate being in Canada more. minorities are treated exactly like the rest, at least in my school
Christians in Singapore are not openly anti-gay, but they would never support any pro-gay legislation. It is more of a you do you, but I would not support it in any form position. Hmm we shouldn't paint all Christians like this. I do know Christians, quite religious who are fine with repealing 377A
Christians in Singapore are not openly anti-gay, but they would never support any pro-gay legislation. what As a Christian in the LGBTQ community, I can assure you that you are wrong on both counts. Especially the first one, based on many personal encounters with Christians who were very openly anti-gay. Meanwhile I know plenty of Christian LGBTQ activists in Singapore, mostly the FCC crowd but also including those who believe homosexuality is a sin but that their personal beliefs should have no bearing on the law, which should afford everyone the same basic rights and dignity.
Churches - 100 people indoors - go for it. 6 people having a picnic outside - government loses their mind.
Cinema tickets per person is above 100 rupees. Depends on the cast of the movie also. Whole loss of eggs, yes. But not so much milk or rice. You can get cheap rice at the government ration stores, but that too are corrupted with greedy pigs
circumvent the UN security council your country veto'd the decision there - you see the problem?
City Harvest Church. We still remember China Wine, but not that the leadership was found guilty and jailed for misappropriating $50 million. Congregation DGAF, church is still going strong and they even own a big piece of Suntec.
Classic People's Action Party own goal. Leong Mun Wai performance yesterday wasn't that good actually. If he had keep his mouth shut, all the attention would have gone to him and his EP proposal.
Cleaning our rifles after our route match at 1am was 'rest' according to our Encik or
clearly, we need more claps then everything will be fine. MMTF needs to have a round of applause every press release, to show it's marvelous what claps can do for you.
close the gyms because it's a closed environment that encourages spread. but not close dining in where masks have to be down to eat? I don't get the reactionary measures the government takes these days.
Closeted lesbian raised in a conservative Muslim household here, still closeted.only to my parents and relatives. Heck, one of my colleagues at work who I barely say more than 5 sentences to every few days knows . Waiting till I am 35 before I'll consider the implications of coming out to them
Cmon la, even the MPs and the rich ones in Singapore all run road liao
CNA interviewed her and she apparently said that - The world ranked top 3 are in a league of their own, a league she's not in - The knee injury she sustained in this morning's semi final match was not a problem at all during the bronze medal match - This is probably her last Olympics but she has no regrets other than not being able to bring a medal back for Singapore Full of class, humility and didn't make any excuses. All of us would do well to be like Yu Mengyu. There's still a lot of fight left in her, I'll be cheering her on from now until she decides to call time on her career!
CNA's documentary Days of Disaster which includes SQ117 and Hotel New World is actually on Netflix. Worth a watch.
Cnfrm have split shift bullshit. Working hours 10am-2pm and 5pm-10pm. Technically only 10hours a day, but the end up taking up 12 hours of your time.
Coldstore was the one that is in the social studies textbook as the communist threat problem plaguing Singapore's early days. Spectrum is only getting the spotlight recently with the advent of social media
Colleague is from there, she speaks to family daily. Many accounts by foreigners and locals in other subreddits and sources. Of course if you want to say almighty CCP censor everyone with ultra propaganda I cannot say anything la. Why do you sound like you want it to be terrible over there or elsewhere? Does it vindicate our crappy behavior if others are the same? We whole day bash PRC for this and that, now they are the standard?
Collect phone is probably to preserve any video evidence and also not to have videos if any circulated on social media. I think is the right thing to do.
Combined with the challenges a small country has, those are trade offs for security of other aspects in life for all citizens which even major countries does not even have. Early leaders, sees how challenging fostering this country is going to be a lot of extra effort has to be required by the citizens. They didn't have much opinions, either go beyond or remain as a fishing port. Life is what its like in Singapore for a typical citizen. This country has to aim to be good, not to cruise, which may not be what many of us seek.
Come give us more money other than the GST voucher, is his fault he didn't tighten the border control anyways
Come on people. dont act like he is fighting with them in the trenches. He probably just went there for a photo op. if its just a phot op PM Lee can do that as well. But is that wise? If you get a stray bullet in the head who will lead the country?
come on. i was actually there. its in the NKF building. it was some old colonial building. Long time ago. No i didn't see the gold tap as i wasn't invited to use the bathroom. I did see a bathroom .
Come on. Please don't fuck up this time again and cause another cheebye. I fucking hate to be controlled and sick and tired of being locked into a place with asshole neighbours drilling and doing DIY in this concrete jungle. people will go crazy.
Come to the US. We like Indians Honestly I don't see the issue people have with your folk, especially the educated types. High income, low crime rates, high business ownership rates, family values. I'd take an Indian as a neighbor or friend any day. I don't know what it's like in Singapore , but keep your head up. You're young and there's a whole world to explore.
Comfort apps has 2 fee option fixed or metered. For fixed price, what you see is what you pay. For metered, on top of the metered fare, there is booking charge, admin fee and gst. Booking charge is 2.3 sgd, admin fee 10%,gst 7%
comfort had always had cheaper prices than grab. Look at how grab fucks all their drivers by implementing a fare hike. Now everyone is either on Ryde or Comfort
comfortdelgro has a new lifestyle app called ZIG too that combine rides, eat or drink and deals. it is 5 on travel on app store now. they even have $5 off promo code for first ride and unlimited $3 off promo code! clean user experience or user interface and their prices are always cheaper. you should check it out man not paid to promote
Coming to you live from the scene I just booked a ride from punggol to dakota for $12.40 vs grab's $14.30. Also, PSA that comfort app doesn't charge admin fees for cc payment. Fuck grab.
commanders are not to be in the front lines. I am being sarcastic serious reply I doubt they would even stay in Singapore once war breaks out on our territory. Probably head for the nearest ally, which is far away enough from Singapore, e.g. Australia.
commentator rly said Japan is the host That mima likes the most Would you like some toast brother
COMMUNITY MEASURES FROM 13 OCTOBER 2021 ONWARDS . An individual is considered vaccinated if he or she has been a fully vaccinated, i.e. has received the appropriate regimen of World Health Organisation Emergency Use Listing WHO EUL vaccines including their respective duration post-vaccination for the vaccine to be fully effective and had their vaccination records ingested in MOH's national IT systems b recovered from covid , or because has obtained a negative result on a pre-event test taken in the past 24 hours before the expected end of the event.
Comparable. At least for me. You can check on the app roughly how much it would be for a metered fare vs a fixed rate. Take metered fare minus booking fee about $2-3 and you get the street hail fare. Of course there are some other factors but you get the point.
Comparing a young and strong 40s man with a near 70s very fucking important ahgong and a macik if they would do the same in wartime. What a fucking dumb ass OP is.
complacency, failure to close borders early to prevent a possible risk of transmission from imported cases, and also a slow and lackadaisical approach in getting citizens vaccinated led to this moment. it's a real headache. and the fact that they just won't call it a lockdown would rather call it heightened alert , is just sickening to the stomach. it's frustrating that we need to go through this shit again.
Completely agree with this comment. Those who were able to have children at what is the good times to have children are all the well to do people, at least from my personal observations. There is no worries for these people about whether they have enough money to support their aging parents or whether they have enough money to buy their own medical insurance. They can comfortably concentrate on having and nurturing their children.
Completely agree. The sheer degree of how racism is normalized in this country is crystal clear to anyone who is not the majority race. If you've got the opportunity, GTFO and never look back. There's no point staying in a country that does not treat you as an equal.
Completely this. Their strategy is a complete shit show at the moment. Restrictions where the science shows they aren't needed, and loose where the obvious risks are. And on the cases thing, they've got tunnel vision and lost sight of the bigger picture. The reason for all of these rules is not case numbers. That's ultimately irrelevant. Once countries are vaccinated they might have millions of cases with no harm done. The issue is whether people are getting really sick or dying and overwhelming the health system. We're not even remotely near to that. We've fully vaccinated 20%. Why is none of that seemingly being taken into account.
Compulsory vaccination is nothing new. There are already compulsory vaccination like measles and diphtheria. Just make it compulsory right from the start. They just scared if compulsory and people die from the vaccine they got to answer but end up go round the circle still return to starting line.
Concur on the food in SD, it's amazing! We are actually thinking whether to move to SD or up to Seattle in a few years because bay area is really too damn expensive.
Condo Cleaners at work. This is the problem with Tenders awarding to the lowest bidder. Pay Peanuts, get Monkeys.
Condoms? Havent you heared of condoms? Also they arent talking about sex here. They are talking about marriage. And you really gonna use oh my god gay people put themselves at risk by having gay s3x when they can place many precautions to avoid it, in which they do!As an excuse for homophobia that the government and our people and you have? chile please, your embarrassing yourself.
Confirm steal one la 2k up votes so juicy. Its a steal for them after all
Congrats on your financial discipline brother. I think the takeaway is more on the fact that financial literacy in Singapore is actually shockingly bad. Many don't invest, many don't make smart decisions and many don't know how to differentiate a need and a luxury. Spend wisely within your means and increase income is the game.
Congrats on your research, respect the hustle and dedication. You have shown that at the epicenter of the epidemic, as the city announces an actual lockdown, some aunties are squeezing together and raising their voices. This is indeed a little more disorderly than our NTUC! I don't have a prize to give you, but I hope the journey has been fulfilling for you.
Congrats to OP for moving out and taking charge of your life! Renting isn't that normalized amongst SGers but maybe with the build-to-order situation, it will be. In the US, people have large homes, so even if you move back, you get a basement or attic. The living situation in Singapore, even 3 or 4 people in a 3 or 4 room flat is untenable! I still have neurotic habits from living with my parents e.g. switching off lights compulsively to save electricity.
Congratulations and I am certainly looking forward to the release of this game. I will definitely be getting a copy to support a fellow Singaporean!
Congratulations on having a zombie workforce, no time for leisure, work go home 9pm, dinner, sleep, out of the house at 6am. DOTA or no DOTA who even plays that any more, by the way? , zero free time to rest other than being unconscious because too tired to sleep properly.
Congratulations to WP and hope they'll represent Sengkang well! But least we forget Mr Amrin Amin who suffered collateral damage due to this election the messages of support on his Facebook page proves that he's a very respected MP. Hope he doesn't lose the will to serve in parliament and People's Action Party reconsiders fielding him in another GRC. edit slight reword
Consenting adults can do what they want as long as it does not bring direct harm upon others. Pretty easy rule to be honest.the slippery slope argument is an old one used by conservatives worldwide but it's really not as effective as you think it is.
Consider the following Airlines have the right idea. Put on your own oxygen mask before aiding with your child's. If one is unhappy to begin with, their child will follow suit. Raising a child while full of cynicism and resentment will pass it on to the kid. If the parent isn't in a good spot, no way will the kid be at a good starting line when born. Why commit a living, breathing person to the life sentence of staying afloat? This is merely being pragmatic, nothing more.
Consider your own lifestyle, and track your own expenses, truthfully I really want to zoom in on this. Please prepare yourself on the expenses on living alone, little things that doesnt seem much does add up over time. When I just moved out, I thought my concern are just rent, utilities, and food. The 'small things', paper towels, tissue, toilet rolls, cleaning supplies, laundry stuff, etc. these things add up and I probably spent at least $100 monthly on these.
Considering how control is a huge part of abrahamic religions, the forceful approach is a viscious cycle by design really and there are definitely some out there who are in it for the daily power trips.
Considering how far they were leaning over, the group of people behind were needed or they would have fallen in.
Considering that Russia 5th largest military force by active personnel is struggling with their invasion against Ukraine 22nd largest military force by active personnel , I think it's a pretty good deterrent for future aggressors! Source
Considering the pledge was written in the context of World War Two and racial riots, S Rajaratnam likely meant racial equality more so than anything else.
Considering the situation now, fully relaxes measures or cheebye makes no difference to healthcare worker workloads. MMTF is just using healthcare worker as an example for fun or something. I'm sure other people had told you so but if you want to be stubborn then I can't help you.
Constitutionality on this has been challenged multiple times, each time it's been ruled constitutional. It has already been decided. It's parliament's job now, don't make the judges go activist and make law when they're the least democratic institution there is. You want 377A out? Vote people that will do it. You got outvoted? Tough, that's democracy.
Construction industry says hi is a norm in construction with roughly similar pay scale. But yeah 12 hour shifts for 5.5 or 6 days. If you get those from Korean or Japanese contractors, they're known to work 7 days with a Sunday off every other week. In one of my projects they continued working for public holidays too till the Client said to stop - I think it was NDP.
Construction workers are hired by construction companies and subcontractors for property developers, not by the government. What mechanisms do you propose to diversify the supply chain?
Contrary to what others here are keen on telling you, I hope you don't accept the advice of those telling you to ignore racism because it is a 'hard truth' of Singapore society. These people usually have shallow views about cultures and societies and fail to realize that most of the attitudes that society propagates are normalized. Anyway, your experiences are valid and deserve to be addressed. As a minority myself, I don't deny that it is often difficult to call out instances of casual racism. There are many who like to hide behind supposed justifications by saying their comments were made with 'good intentions', or even rebut with 'don't make it about race'. Don't let it stop you from telling them they're wrong. The best way to cope with the anguish, at least for me, is to read up about racism itself. Frantz Fanon's 'Black Skin, White Masks' is something that might hit close to home for you. If not, do some casual reading on the internet and you'll quickly learn that race itself as a concept or term is deeply problematic there being no necessary biological component that determines a person's race. Keep yourself informed and you'll realize most of the people here have no clue what they're going on about aside from perpetuating age-old prejudices masquerading as social commentary.
Cool, I researched that their pricing only reveal after calling in. Am I right that the membership per month is around $100 and the coach is by per-session around $70?
Cool, if you don't mind me asking, did you use 2D tilesetting for this isometric view or a 2.5D camera technique? I've also wishlisted it on Steam. We need more indie devs like you on this tiny island. All the best for release man!
Cool. Let's hire. Healthcare trainers, Healthcare professors, hire a few schools, then encourage people to take up Healthcare, and . Ome year later - tada! Healthcare resources !
Coordination and control. Limited chartered government- overseen evacuation flights with measures to make sure flight staff are safe. After that no flights from India whatsoever and checks to ensure that incoming travelers did not transit from another airport.
Correct me if I'm wrong but from what I've seen, not every officer is issued a taser right ? So perhaps the ones at the scene might not have a taser on them ?
Correct me if I'm wrong but I thought we were supposed to be judging based off hospitalizations and intensive care unit rates? Wasn't that what they were saying that the disease is endemic? The lack of a definite plan seems to have backfired yet again. This just seems that the government is having knee-jerk reactions to every single event. Anyways, to all f&b establishments and other businesses that are also affected, please soldier on. We are all behind you.
correct me if i'm wrong but sengkang has a younger demographic right? Glad the new generation of voters voted thinking of their future and made the right choice !
Correct me if I'm wrong, but it's the % of cases by age and vax cases who died not the other way round no? So out of 100 patients 80+ years old and above who got covid, 20 unvaccinated patients, 3 no booster and 1 with booster died for example.
Correct! Just like last time. During lock down I could sleep with my wife but I couldn't exercise with her outside. Hilarious
Correct, not from Singapore, nor even from that region. Oddly enough, this post managed to find its' way into my filtered lists, and I decided to voice my support for you. It's a sad state of the world that grown adults, and even elders, can't find themselves to abide by the decency rules they were brought up with and try to teach younger generations.
Correct, the ones that complains are the ones that are in the workforce or taking the nursing course right now which are facing such tough times because there is not enough Singaporeans during their time that want to be a nurse because of these bias views against them. We can be the change but until then, like what I mention, it is a view that takes a generation to change. And even so, we had SARS which was nearly 20 years ago to change our views against healthcare workers but it obviously wasn't enough. You ask around your social group, will they be nurse or will they go sign on or do grab, what do you think the majority of the answer is.
Correct. S'poreans refuse to sit next to a migrant workers in MTR, accept Indians as tenants and asks maid food to be prepared separately from theirs. And then turns around and accuses others for being caste sensitive. It puzzles me how they don't see the disconnect here.
Could partly be due to the fact that we're in the wrong geographical timezone by about 30 min, so our daylight hours are a little off. Odd daylight hours messing with body clocks has been pretty well studied in countries with DST.
Could someone explain the reason s we haven't been able to rollout the vaccinations more quickly? Considering we were among the first to start receiving the shipments, and our financial strength, one would have thought we'd have more than the 1.8M by now whilst prioritizing frontliners etc .
Count your blessings you are able to come here and work. What more you want? 3 meals at a hawker centre? I am being sarcastic
Count yourself lucky enough that heterosexuals can still marry and buy a house at any age they prefer or when financially able to. Plus weddings are not a must especially if one doesn't have the capabilities to afford. Three years ain't a long wait compared to people that have to wait till 35.
Courting trouble right? Police sure have to act. But! I think we should stop any travellers from India now until situation is clearer. We did that to China when the pandemic first started, I see the situation now in India same as the early stage in China. Too infectious and very questionable about all the pre flight covid tests.
covid basically caused Hong Lim Park to close due to safe distancing measures. It has nothing to do with the issue or them.
covid has to go man wallahi has to go man its taking the mick out of us, this is our country this is singapore its not good enough wobbie, wobbie its not. you can see it, you can see its not enough wobbie
cpf Exactly this. Its kinda dumb that the writer of that summary assumes cpf contributions are fully wiped for mortgage. You picked a unit that you can't afford. The financial literacy is zilch
cpf is kind of like a government mandated savings plan. If you've chosen to fund your house purchase in full using your cpf, and stop contributing to cpf, you have just chosen to wipe out your retirement savings AND save less for retirement. You're just left with whatever is in your cpf SA. In that particular scenario, if your SA doesn't have much, you will have to keep working after you've paid off your mortgage to build up your retirement savings again. Maybe the problem isn't really with the cpf scheme itself. It's that housing prices has risen at a higher pace relative to wages. For many, it's too tough to fund retirement and the mortgage at the same time. It's even worse if you have to support a family at the same time. For some others, it's a lack of forward planning and choosing to you only live once away your productive years. These people literally pay for it in their later years. I'm not sure what the fix is here. The government can add regulations that effectively drive the prices of houses downwards , but mortgages would go underwater nationwide. Prospective house buyers would be very happy, but everyone else that owns a house would be very angry. Or the government could enact policies that effectively keep the housing prices from rising faster than inflation. It would allow wages to catch up, but homes would lose value over time. We would have to change how we look at homes. They would be a place to stay and house your family, and should not be viewed as an investment vehicle.
Crack is pretty gross too - but it's addictive, and sugar or fat have been shown to be just as addictive in several studies. I'll eat it - but only because I was addicted at a young age. My wife won't touch the stuff.
Crashgate in the inaugural Singapore F1 race in 2008. At the time I'm sure most of us thought it was just an innocuous crash, but it was so much more than that. Not exactly singaporean per se, but it did happen on our soil so I'm gonna count it Tldr simple crash in the first F1 night race turned out to be conspiracy by a team to manufacture a win for their other driver, resulted in two top executives of the team receiving bans indefinitely for one and 5 years for the other from F1 and FIA events
CST didnt fuck over an entire generation of Singaporeans with his policy failures. In hindsight comparing anyone to MBT prolly a bad choice.
Cuba's far, but Russia didn't mind. It is also not just Malaysia that will love to take a bite from us.
Culturally there's less stigma against lesbianism than against male homosexuality, so it's the case that women tend to be more comfortable sharing about any attractions to women they've had or even exploring those feelings or forming relationships that may be romantic but not always sexual . Whereas men who have had passing attractions to men are much less likely to ever talk about it, or strongly deny it. But this does seem to shift from culture to culture and across time e.g. many more Gen Z guys identify as bisexual compared to older generations , so it's not likely biological in nature.
Currently gyms already have queue systems to prevent entry once capacity is reached. So this is false. Users in the gym will remain the same but you may experience longer queues or more competition for the same number of slots.
Currently tested positive for covid. Here's my experience. Day 0 Nighttime, after work. Kinda feeling weird, wasn't sure what it was. Happily got home, settled my things done and slept. Day 1 Morning, feeling sick now, but mild fever, not health threatening, so I did the art test. It was Positive. With a very bold 'T' line. Isolated myself, informed my family to do the tests for 5 days. Informed my supervisor, told me to inform the manager. Manager was understanding, told me to apply HL then do the test again in 72 hours. As per company policy and MOH guidelines, to stay at home and isolate myself and only go to the doctor if my health turns for the worse. At evening of day 1, I was having high fever, I took panadol and slept. Day 2 Feeling better. Tested myself again, still positive. I remember I was just worried about my family. Got red eyes and fever came back. I spent the day sleeping. Day 3 Fever gone. But having sore throat, but counted my blessings since I never got any body aches. Runny nose gone. Day 4 Sore throat got better, got so much phlegm though. Tested positive again. The 'T' line is still very dark. Day 5 It would be Monday, 28 February. Let's see how it goes. If your management is being draconian on these solvable issues, it's a no wonder why we're still in this mess, with 26,000 cases. If I were forced to go see a doctor just for MC or to do a art test in a Quick test center, when my sickness is only with mild symptoms, imagine how many people of the public I will be in contact with, that will be very irresponsible of me. Some people suggested, oh use your private transport, yeah I will, if I could afford a car in the first place.
Currently the municipality is the Town Council. The chair of the TC is the MP or appointed by the MP. Maybe there will be better ways, but first at least remove the MP from the equation, and let the chair of the TC be either a full time position or a separately elected individual. In other parts of the world, this is akin to a mayor, whose local politics is separated from national politics. Who do they report to? They don't. But if they do a bad job, they get voted out. Maybe you or somebody else have a better idea?
Dads a comfort driver. Confirm its true that they pay rental less now during pandemic and no fare increase for passengers. But it's still a struggle to find enough passengers on some days though.
damn 11 people downvote. Dude honestly, it sucks because Asian culture has very strong family bonds. So its hard to tell your parents or family stuff about you because u dont want them to be hurt or disown u.
Damn alot of people felt it, when was the last time we ever felt a tremor
Damn I hope he's okay. At least your hearts at the right place, people here don't give a shit and only care about themselves.
damn I won't want to be the receiving end of those. All the guai lan-ness would have disappear.
damn it's like that recent pewdiepie video where he talks about a couple on the 90 days fianc show. the guy was pressured into making more money so he sold weed and got thrown into jail, and the wife divorced him and moved back to russia. also the ring she wanted was 300k usd. all the while the wife was being super rude and abusive to him.
damn sad sia, just finish interview, got good feeling about being hired, now like that, dont even know whether they will freeze hire, grads from 2019,2020,2021 all being impacted again, so depressing.
Damn that sounds pretty shady. Do you think if another political party starts to show real signs of overtaking the People's Action Party, that the People's Action Party may resort to more. forceful measures?
Damn that's a heck of a cool spider. I want it to catch flies in my house
Damn this is so hard to read. I am Indian from India, i will make sure to spread this as much as I can. From what I know a lot of Indians visit Singapore for vacation and breaks due to its proximity. If the situation is so bad against our people it only makes sense to boycott such a nation.
Damn, all those people that booked Mother's Day meals on the day itself are disrupted again if they had booked more then 5! I feel for our Muslim friends too. 2nd year in a row that tighter restrictions are placed on Hari Raya compared to the other holidays, but at least this year can have 5 visitors.
Damn, he was targeting the first person that enter the toilet, meaning it could have been anyone, that is seriously messed up. Imagine minding your business and then Chop .
Damn, how's fire station food like anyway? I realised no one really talks about food for those doing NS in the Home Team
damn, really enjoyed reading your post. you are going to have a good time in GP
Damn, that's harsh. Well done, Macron. But srsly what's the point of an authoritarian government like ours if they aren't willing to use the stick when necessary? I mean, France of all places is doing it. I'll be very disappointed if we don't give people a deadline to be fully vaxxed by say, the end of September or something.
damn. are you me? except im slightly better off at 830-530 with frequent OT until 6ish . same exact routine as you where i reach home around 7 and only a few hours to myself before its back to slavery work again the next day, and after that? a pitifully short weekend that is gone before i can even rest and recuperate. holy if intern is this tough then im definitely not looking forward to full time work.
Damn. Genuine efforts also must give award. sigh i should reduce my I am being sarcastic too. Prayers for everyone involved
Damn. higher resolution and I would gladly use this as my wallpaper. Is this from jw marriot?
Damn. I can't recall anything like this happening in Singapore's school. like ever. I've heard of suicide by both students and teachers. But to possible homicide is definitely the first.
Dang, the news is going to have a field day with this. Also, when will they learn to treat all microphones as transmitting? Just like how all guns are loaded unless proven otherwise, all microphones are on and transmitting unless proven otherwise. Plebians like us dunnid care, but ministers like them where one wrong story can destroy their reputation probably should.
Dang, the news is going to have a field day with this. Bet you that it won't even have a single peep in 160
Dang, the news is going to have a field day with this. You mean a slow day? Nothing happened, after all.
Dangerous to deploy taser, taser effective range is about 10m and requires two probes to be on target. It's hard to hit a moving subject, if miss it might enrage the subject. Worse is the reload time for taser is long.
Dangit. Why tf can't chinese people get along. I'm chinese, I make friends with everybody regardless of race I'm dating someone from another race who tf cares. I am literally colour blind in that I don't give a shit about the colour of your skin. To add on, as a chinese who can't speak chinese it's frustrating as fuck, USE ENGLISH it's literally universal
Dat 'news' is after multiple years of worsening relations. It's like Bin Ladin showing up in America and saying hey, ISIS are terrible, help us with them after flying planes into buildings. The fact that you consider other incidents as equally bad negative strikes against China is telling, while dismissing all the positive stuff as evil biding their time . You just proved what I said, worst interpretation of China's actions . PS wait and see is exactly what the US is doing right now. It's Europe who's pulling all the weight on the national level in supporting Ukraine, certainly a lot more than the biggest military in the world , currently.
data probably skewed from people sleeping in on weekends. like me, i sleep 5h on weekdays and 10h on weekends
David Rasif fugitive Singaporean lawyer wanted for misappropriating money Father of Jade Rasif, yes, that Jade Rasif Leong Lai Yee auntie boomer who ran a $35 million Ponzi scheme Death of Ayakannu Marithamuthu aka 1984 Orchard Curry Murder body was allegedly chopped up and cooked in a curry in a CHURCH, kinda near Cathay that one Still a cold case Geylang Bahru family murders think this one is more well known with recent coverage. Fucking creepy. Also a cold case Slayers suicide pact in 2008 between Sia Chan Hong and Ku Witaya. Part of a self styled Taoist doomsday cult or ideology. Adrian Lim aka Toa Payoh ritual murders Toa Payoh's dark past, think this one is quite well known Anthony Ler think this one is quite well known too Chia Thye Poh longest political prisoner here, a whooping 32 years, even longer than Nelson Mandela's 27 years Lim Chin Siong or Operation Coldstore People's Action Party and Singapore would have turned out VERY differently if this didn't happen John Martin Scripps Dismemberment murder of tourist in then-River View Hotel, 1995 now Four Points By Sheraton , threw body parts in Singapore River Nick Leeson rouge trader who worked at Barings Bank's Singapore office, managed to defraud and caused the collapse of Barings Bank The Queen is a client of the bank
Dear OP, thanks for sharing, great observation. The best part is that parents will slowly start fading away as you get into JC and university. Totally gone when you enter the workforce.
Dear OP, you can never please everyone and not everyone can be pleased. Give everything your best and do not be afraid to ask questions. There is no such thing as a stupid question and the best mentors in the world will appreciate your willingness to look silly. The future is bright for people who stay true. The future needs people like you who says it as it is.
Dear sir, I will be worried if a 70 year old man, who survived cancer had to fight a war for Singapore. Halimah is 67 not all wars need to be fought on the fields. I'm sure both of them have more to contribute in the back lines than the front. Thanks
Dear Ukrainians! I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread most likely by Russia backed trolls that polish border is closed. It's a lie. If you seek asylum - go towards polish border. They are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid. Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you ua. government.pl Please share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now. YOU DON'T NEED VISA TO PASS THROUGH POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR TIME BEING! proof that you no longer need visa in Ukrainian in English
death per age-group broken down into vax status e.g. 3% of vaxxed but not boosted 80+ died when infected with covid
Deceased and killer do not know each other This is the scariest part what the fuck. The killer chose his victim randomly?
Defence is an important deterrence. Our defence is based mainly on conscripting our local population. Total number of females males and birth rate has long been decreasing. Male to female ratio is decreasing. When will things change?
Define accepted? Family is union of 2 heterosexual people, period. If someone homosexual is living with someone homosexual it's totally fine, noone cares.
definitely a massive flaw in a doctrine that assumes preemptive attack rather than a defensive strategem especially when paired with a system that threatens its own if they dont blindly do as theyre told
definitely already planned. They already had 'experts' preparing us for the news. 'Next few weeks very important' or some shit
Definitely but the problem is people can take legitimate rulings in a religion and simply interpret it into a must do thing. There's like hadith that says if you see something bad you should try and stop it physically and if you can't do that speak up and if you can't do that at least condemn it in your mind. Which isn't a bad message but it leaves the interpretation of what 'something bad' is to you. Could be a man beating his wife or it could be a Muslim dude drinking a beer and now you feel compelled that you have to do something about it.
Definitely felt that, asked in group chat and none of my friends felt that. Then found Earthquake info.
Definitely fewer people are having children. But if you take this subreddit as representative you'll have a very skewed view on how many people have children and why. For reference, the overlap between and is 0.28 i.e. very low . So by all means get that circlejerk on, but don't hope to get any particular insight other than don't want kids edit amusingly, the overlap between and is 4.36. Not sure if this is the right place to get any kind of serious discussion on having kids going.
Definitely the City Harvest Church scandal, especially for the younger generation. They can actually do a Netflix drama about it similar to Inventing Anna called Inventing China Wine.
Definitely! Even more so if you've done some research, planning, and budgeting. Not that you can't wing it, but research gives you a better idea of what you're in for and whether it's sustainable. Aside from independence, ownership, and accountability, you will also be learning what you want or do not want for your future home. The worst thing I can imagine is spending my life's savings on home ownership only to realize I don't like living there. And that I didn't know better at the time of purchase. I have heard of some friends who upon reaching adulthood transitioned into a very structured cohabitation with their parents basically achieving this independence without moving out , but it's VERY RARE. Most of the time it's just too comfortable to have some meals cooked or laundry done or room cleaned for you, even if there's a lot of nagging and arguing to endure.
Definitely. Do we really have to go ahead and shame someone who uses the word we for every single charitable act? Negative feedback loop from people who see too much pretentious shit that even something like this, they'll shit on the videographer. Now. if its' Teo videographing, then yes, by all means.
definitely. Its already a disturbances of peace and there is clear risk to injuries here. Had elderly trip herself and fallen on her head before, and we clicked the emergency button for attention. If there is a real risk to someone health there is no reason not to click it for your information it will put you into a call with an officer at the other end to assess the situation. It wont cause an sudden break out of no where.
Definitely. Not only is the birthrate going down below the threshold for a steady population increase, but the amount of times with people being intimate is also going down as well and being too stressed, exhausted etc., is a likely contributor.
Demand is down and supply is up and you telling me you are not increasing the fare? No shit!
Democracy by right shouldn't be a mob rule. Its by right a way to porportionately represent the different population. This is yo ensure the rights of a smaller group doesn't get trampled by a larger group. Eg 65% People's Action Party 35% oppo should lead to a 65 35 seat in parliament, not 95 5 caused by u know what. So, by right, some MPs should be raising and representing LGBT concerts considering they are also tax paying Singaporeans. But where are they?
Depending on the situation. I don't think the attacker just wants to disturb public peace. If you approach him I doubt that he'll start attacking you as well. He wouldn't want to get into more trouble he already is in. What I'm saying is that there has to be a specific reason why the attacker went after that specific victim. If someone approached and tried to calm the situation down, it is unlikely that the attacker will then attack the intervening subject. But I do agree with you that bystanders may have just froze and had no idea what to do due to the sheer unfamiliarity to such situations. The fact that we're all watching this on video allows us to calmly interpret how the circumstance could been handled in a more appropriate manner, whereas the bystanders at the moment may not have such an environment to make quick decisions.
Depends on family. Some people still have extant parents from the 50s and marry late. Tradition is a very hard thing to wean out of.
Depends on school I guess. My school was really bad. Like when they call for back-up, the back-up arrives from JB type.
Depends on the generation of people you are dealing with From personal experience, those below 40 are definitely more open to mixed race marriages than those above 40. The recent spotlight on this issue just highlights the older generation's way of thinking, which is a product of their time in my opinion.
depends on the relationship and the boundaries drawn between, there's definitely plenty of unhealthy situations out there but not all are like this my wife moved in with me while we waited and she's on such good terms with my parents that they're more likely to side with her in any squabbles than with me
Depends which area of finance. I'm in transaction banking at a European bank and my hours are pretty alright 40 - 50 or week .
Despite what Putin likes to believe, he is not Russia government. Ukraine is officially recognised by ALL nations, including Russia as a sovereign state. Putin can spew all he wants. Just like how Trump spews out word salads. Those remains opinions and not official positions. Thanks for helping me to see that you are just a mouthpiece of an individual, Putin, not even the Russia government, much less the country.
Develop healthy and rewarding relationships, including those with members of the opposite sex. Sexual Ed should be about the actual science, the facts, inclusiveness, and CONSENT. When was the syllabus last revised? If at all?
Diamond market is in decline globally. Crashing in the U.S. Turns out to be a century-long scam and diamonds aren't really scarce in nature. The market is just a global monopoly which sells diamonds to the public yet never buys from the public. A researcher once tried to sell a diamond ring purchased for $10,000 at 20 jewelry stores and zero would buy it, even for a few hundred dollars.
Did anyone really use this as his resignation letter, or is this just his dream and has never been sent out?
Did my share and downloaded the app But let's not pretend they are saints before grab and Uber came into the picture Grab is just the bigger evil
did Singaporean government policy at any point assume all schools are equally hard to get into? Isnt every school is a good school about making sure all schools offer high quality education, not that all schools are literally equal?
Did someone say Anthony Anton S for Stench of the Poor on the MRTs S Casey? Global douchebag?
Did the debate look like a 'theatre' to you? 15 May 2020 - Live Parliament sessions don't add to transparency, risk turning sittings into 'form of theatre' Grace Fu's press secretary Read more at
Did the government not allow them to do it. If they did than their actions can maybe be justified. Also if you want to know the reason for restricting protest at Hong Lim, its not ensure people stay safe. I'm sure human rights champions like you have heard of Charlottesville in the US and how some people died in that protest. What was loss in the entire fiasco was how the opposing group had illegally protested in front of the alt right that ultimately led to that tragedy Oh wait you probably didnt know you need a permit to protest in the US as well do you?
Did we even acquire enough vaccines for everybody? UK produces their own vaccines if I'm not wrong.
Did you add your CC to CabCharge or CabPay or via the 2nd option in the CDG app
did you come up with this or is this some copypasta it's a work of art and it even rhymes
Did you guys listen to the translator when the Russians spoke? o m g. She speaks so fast, like the guys in the bidding war programes.
Did you happen to study in one of the Catholic mission schools? Eg. Montfort, Holy Injocents' St. Gabes's etc
did you just ignore the biggest religion here which is Buddhism? Buddhism is not against LGBTQ
Did you mean the post about other avenues ? It meant that the police is telling them to try other methods instead of protesting in front of the ministry, not moving them to another location. Also For those who need context the only space in Singapore where Singaporeans can gather to demonstrate without first obtaining a police permit is Hong Lim Park. However, the park is closed for such activities until further notice because of COVID19. You want to follow Twitter thread so badly, follow this . There are no other venues to move to.
Didn't expect an answer tho Does any of them share your family's views at a simple ceremony as well?
Didn't feel anything in Simei. Maybe higher floors feel it? I'm on the 8th. Fianc is in serangoon on the 9th and didn't feel anything either.
Didn't mention IKEA because that guy said he was serving NS and IKEA isn't exactly wallet-friendly for national serviceman living on $300 a month. But yes you couldn't be more right about the lack of an MRT there. You could walk to Queenstown but it's Singapore. You would sweat by the time you got there
Didn't really think of it this way but thats a good point and it's quite gross if its reallt what they are doing. Getting people to do work for them under the guise of doing their part for the community or philanthropic work is utterly gross.
didn't Singapore use to supply components for chemical weapons used by Iraq following their invasion of Iran?
Didn't talent spot a guy who was on MSN as an analyst for the economy and scouted someone like Ivan instead. Good job.
Didn't they also make Straits Times post an apology too? Back when journalists had a single spinal bone.
Didn't they say that we will never need to close restaurants because of our vaccination rates? Didn't they say that they will monitor if our intensive care unit rates increased from 1 to 100, then they will see whether they need to change current measures? Why flipping prata? Can they please be more transparent to address these comments made earlier? edit Close restaurants instead of going back to P2HA.
Didn't we have this argument in 2017 or something similar and there was a rough poll which was tilted in favour of keeping 377A links below ? I agree that treatment towards the LGBTQ+ people should improve but I don't think breaking laws or going against the government is the best course of action to go about this. There has been action taken by the government to address the issue by protecting the LGBTQ society from hate speech and so I believe that our government is open to change but rather the reluctance to change stems from society as a whole. What we should be doing at this time is to support those that had been hurt and give time for the government to respond with proper polling, dialogues and legislation to address the issue as compared to having a vocal minority having more say over the quiet majority. This will be a difficult balancing act and I can foresee minor changes only that will have major pushback by the conservative and religious bases. whatever the case might be this is still a win for the LQBTQ society no matter what changes are made and so I would like to ask everyone to chill and carry on for the next few years and bring up the next phase of change when the time is right. Hate to see our nation divided like this and I hope peace can be restored soon. link to the rough poll mentioned for against
Difficult to compare Japan and Singapore, two completely different markets with completely different governing circumstances. I only wanted to point out a minor flaw in above commentor's argumentation.
Ding Dong, May I Have Your Attention Please? All The Trains At Platform A Ends At Anjang ? Station, All The Trains At Platfom A Ends At Anjang ? Station. Not Bukit Panjang MRT Station And LRT Station. But All The Trains At Platform B Ends At Bukit Panjang MRT Station And LRT Station, All The Trains At Platform B Ends At Bukit Panjang MRT Station And LRT Station.
Dining in was only allowed to resume on 21st June. It lasted only barely a month.
Disagree with the wedding part thou. A wedding doesn't have to be expensive if you choose to not spend so much moolah on it, i.e. by not having a huge ass grand banquet. You can just choose to ROM for $42 and maybe spend a few hundreds on 1-2 tables for close family members at some restaurant. Engagement rings wise, can just buy something simple $500. I find it appalling to spend so much on rings. I know of some friends that spend $10K on a Tiff and Co or Jannpaul or some damn atas and upz brand rings and then eating bread for the rest of the month. . Wedding bands, can get cheap cheap from SK or michael trio etc. Money can be spent on housing, reno, kids, travelling overseas etc
Disagree. If u train ur whole life to be able to intervene in these scenarios, it ain't gon workout. One unlucky punch to the face or they pull out a gun on u, ur fucked. Have fun being attached to a feeding tube the rest of ur life for someone u never met. But hey, it was the moral thing to do right?
Disclaimer - I have a kid. Before you all start throwing rotten eggs at me, I want to preface that nobody should feel obliged to have a kid by societal expectations, pressure from others . Kids are very very difficult! You have to put them first! You can't just do whatever you like anytime you want to. And life in Singapore is tough! I fully agree. Having said that, I still went ahead to have a kid. Nobody unless it is an oopsie pregnancy is unaware that life here is tough. Stress, rat race, etc. No, I'm not insane nor am I living under a rock and do not know how tough life is. I did it because this is my vision and dream of how my family would look like, and I took it on knowing the cost and the responsibility I'd have. There are difficult days but there's also joy when you see them grow into who they're meant to be. Most importantly folks, I just want to say that if you know parenting is not for you, be proud to stick to your beliefs and don't be bowed by societal pressure. If you want to have kids, also do it fully aware of all that parenting demands of you. Either way, just live your life the way you want to and not because you just followed the crowd and actually never wanted it for yourself.
Disclaimer I have no sources, just my impression from skimming articles. Hope someone with sources can correct me if I'm wrong. It's still a question mark as far as i know. Initially it was thought that transmission is unlikely or difficult, but with recent cases it seems like that's wrong. Regardless, afraid to die people be afraid to die.
Disclaimer Just my own thoughts on the issue. As you mentioned, it is the life of an ordinary Singaporean, an average Singaporean. I feel people are not putting in the effort if they wish to escape this cycle. Yes it takes a lot of courage and determination to break out of this cycle because the path less travelled requires considerably more planning and self discipline. Being in University, I seen many people lament that this is their future yet they are not doing anything to change it. Hearing about people complaining about having student debts upon graduation but still decide to take up orientation camps commitments instead of taking up a part time job this summer just leaves me wondering if they have ever thought about wanting to change their circumstances. At the same time, I see my parents and relatives who always complain about the difficulties of being in the middle class and having to live from paycheck to paycheck, yet spend their bonuses lavishly on branded products or overseas trip. Sometimes I wonder is it a systematic fault which leads to the average singaporean life or is it the fault of the individual. Yes im privileged in having a decent freelance and part time income to support my own studies on top of having low amount of expenses which leaves me a very good position to exit this rat race. However, I also worked hard to get to my position as I saw how hard it was on my parents to live paycheck to paycheck. But as Mr Shariff said during his election campaign, 'When you believe you have succeeded purely on individual merit, you may hold the view those who are not successful have only themselves to blame.' it may just be my own distorted view that others are able to escape this rat race too and they have circumstances that do not allow them to do so.
Disclaimer, I personally do not like Singapore way of life too but I found my own way to deal with it and focus on other things that makes me happy. I feel similarly about kids but I have an entirely different viewpoint. Life is what you make it out to be. You can find joy in anything and your perception defines your entire life. Yes, alot of horrible things are happening but good things are also happening and if you choose to be unhappy about everything that's wrong with the world, you will never find happiness anywhere. If you want to find happiness it starts with perception change. Because whether or not you're in nature living in the woods or stuck in this humid overcrowded box, in the end none of it matters. We all turn to dust at the end and return to the ground. But while the inevitable is happening, you can choose to be unhappy or happy and that is honestly a privelege. Not many people in the world have this privelege imho. Just my 2 cents.
Discouraged? Discouraged?! Same nonsense as should here, should there BAN. Do you know what does the word ban mean? to forbid refuse to allow something, especially officially The film was banned the government prevented it from being shown in several countries. + from + -ing verb She was banned from driving for two years. Similarly, only fully vaccinated people should be allowed into the gym. I don't see why it should be closed entirely. Absolutely unfair. Held back by a bunch of nincompoops.
Discrimination is wrong. I would argued that the minority will inevitably faced much inconveniences in life, and the majority will be enjoying the majority advantage. But that doesn't mean that the majorities deliberately have malicious intend towards the minorities. More than often, we see people coming out using strong accusative language against another race to compel the society to band towards their needs. To be clear, I am not invaliding the experience of the minorities. I just do not agree the Race A vs Race B, Colour A vs Colour B kind of narrative.
disturbance of peace is.disturbance of peace, no matter how peaceful it is in that same vein, would joanna theng's 666, lgbtq people are spawns of satan rhetoric be classified as disturbance of peace too?
Disturbing to note that no one is actually helping out. those are moves aim to kill for crying out loud.
Ditto. Am indian with family back in india that's affected by covid. Can confirm that it's just sensible to not have flights coming in right now.
Dk where I saw this from but here goes Admonition is temporary. Flipping off the nation is forever.
Do it when you have the time. even a 5 min pencil sketch on paper is a start.
Do not be afraid of a godlike opponent, only be afraid of an idiot teammate.
do nothing when your enemies destroy themselves for you. vb only needed to keep his mouth shut and now all the attention is off psp and on his face for the public
Do other redditors identify with the sentiments above? As in you really see yourself somewhat heading in that direction when you are older? I am genuinely curious how real is the above scenario painted. It is something I can't identify with BUT this doesn't take away the fact that it is true for others. I am on a journey to be more aware of life beyond myself.
Do send me a PM of your shop's name if you can! Would love to support where I can! you don't have to soldier on alone!
Do SPF treat non transpeople the same way? I don't think they care about people's feelings whether they are trans or normal
Do they actually have business? The few times I passed by, the staff were swatting flies.
Do they announce each day where the cases had travelled from and their quarantine? I didn't think they did. Though for some they seem to, like the university student.
Do we have an I would submit this About the Singaporean sanctions on Russia. I would be interested to know if we import Russian gas or crude oil despite our supposed financial sanctions. Jurong Island won't run itself and all that.
Do we know how many citizens are there in India? Perhaps arrange chartered flights to bring them back? It was said that there are 9000 Australian citizens in India and Australia had not yet organised any evacuation flights from India, unlike the United Kingdom, which has arranged 12 government-chartered flights this week. from news one or two weeks ago
Do we want to ban Singapore citizens and PR from returning? Tell me if the sub say yes.
Do y'all think the Government might institute a Healthcare NS if there's a shortage of nurses? I reckon they might get the females to come in if guys are needed for defence
Do you guys think this kid even knows what the middle finger symbolises? Do you think he preplanned this as a resistance movement, and did it because he hated the Singapore political system or People's Action Party or racism or rising cost of living or COE too expensive or need to go NS etc, so he needed to make a stand against the tyrannical government and broadcast on live television for all to see blah blah BS? No, probably just because the camera man was irritating him pointing it at his face. And why the fuck not. I feel bad he's gonna get famous for it, and people around him, his parents, teacher and principal are going to flame him for it. He's doing it as a joke. But he has balls. One day he's definitely going places with these steel balls. Can we stop him from getting the rotan? He doesn't need it. Can we blame the cameraman instead? Even my dog doesn't like it when i put the camera to his face.
Do you have a source for that 75%? The stat I'm familiar with is 1 in 3. I went to look it up again, and the highest number I found was 43.8% - where two thirds of those were at the hands of men from previous relationships, not existing lesbian relationships. When asking about female partners specifically, it falls to 29%, in contrast to 35% of straight women and 61% of bisexual women who had experienced domestic violence, 90-99% from male perpetrators. Strong correlations were also found between experiences of discrimination or homophobia and rates of domestic violence in same-sex couples across multiple studies. A few sources collected here Sorry that it's wikipedia, but it references peer-reviewed studies. From my experience working with LGBTQ advocacy groups in Singapore, a key reason is that the victims have limited avenues to seek help, especially if they are not out and risk rejection from friends and family if they were to reveal their relationship by reporting assault from same-sex partners. The perpetrators may also threaten to out them to their family if they don't accede to their demands, which further traps them in that abusive relationship.
Do you have any idea why Gerald Giam opposes repeal? Is it a religious thing as well?
Do you have the interview link! Would love to watch it. Her saying this really shows absolute class and sportsmanship. I'm also blown away by her tenacity and resilience. It's indeed touching to hear that she wanted to bring back a medal for Singapore as a form of celebration for National Day. Also to people who says she is not a true singaporean or what not. Just shut the fuck up and maybe stop taking MC when you get a headache .
Do you know a place where I can sail the high seas and stream it for free? I wanna see how bad it is without giving Jack Neo a single cent
Do you not know that the joy of the common man stems from overcoming the struggles of life? We peasants have to settle for such, that is the way it is.
do you seriously think that their permit would have been approved in the first place? seriously?
Do you think it might be a suicide attempt? I mean charging a police station with a knife. ?
Do you work an office job in Singapore? people like these nutcases are as common as mynahs. And not just Singaporeans too, Malaysians are just as bad. Sometimes I feel that PRCs are more courteous than locals in my office.
Do young bruneians still apply aggressively to government jobs? I did some advisory work to bruneian government agencies around 2014, it was a common problem. The really good ones would have stayed in UK, or were in Singapore, while the rest would look for government jobs. BEDB pay lip service over the years to diversify from O&G but nothing serious really happened.
Doctoranywhere. Raffle connect. Work great for VC doctors. You can get a doctor in 5 mins.
Doctors and nurses tend to be the most visible But there are a ton of support mechanisms behind the frontline that help people heal. Pharmacists, med techs, lab techs, physio assistants, porters and so forth. And IT to tie everything together!
Doctors can also be assholes. Just because they've degree read Medicine doesn't mean they're automatically morally superior. Not to mention, not all of them are going to be the typical friendly neighbourhood GP or polyclinic docs. Seen Doctor Strange? There's genuinely doctors who are arseholes because of the prestige of their job. Heck, look no further, I reckon 1 or 3 of all the MOs in our friendly SAF Camps treats their patients poorly.
does anybody know why vaccination rates are so slow? i do believe that if the government had sped up the rate of vaccination for the younger age groups who are more likely to go out , things wouldn't be so kanchiong. not saying that we can completely rely and depend on the effectiveness of the vaccine, but we can at least have a little bit of a buffer instead of having shit hit the fan and running around like headless chickens
Does anybody think that giving children permission to permanently and irrevocably alter their sex organs and or or brain chemistry while they are a developing, probably confused child is just a spit in the face to the notion that children can't consent until they reach mental maturity at 18 years old? It doesn't mean that people should be bullied or excluded if someone identifies as Trans. However, western society has decided that these types of irrevocable sex-life decisions cannot be made by people until they are a legal adult. Is society making exceptions for people who are aware enough of themselves that they want a sex change, while also telling those same people they are not legally eligible to have engage in, or even watch the act of sex? There is a logical inconsistency with enforcing freedom of choice with trans kids and making sweeping rules for youth based on 'brain chemistry'. Could it be, this is the crux of why some people support it, and some people don't?
Does anyone know where i can find the whole transcript of the debate? i want to read more about Jamus' pointers in details.
Does anyone remember tracetogether? the way the G pumped money into this thing, mass vaccinations, and are STILL resorting to lockdowns as the answer. What changed? Ay before u say karaoke lounge illegal, patrons hide their tracetogether. Ok but how about every other single case out there. How effective is this broken ass tech
Does anyone seriously thinks that their taxes paid is sufficient to pay for the wages of teachers?
Does anyone snort vinegar? Later boss say 'eh knnbccb u put vinegar in your nose right' I am being sarcastic
Does government care about solving any of the issues and expects people to have kids regardless? Ivory tower idiots.
Does he really? Hmm you could try hiding it away from him or like laugh like Smiggle from Lord of the Rings
does it matter if they do? the most important thing in war is leadership, and you don't exactly want your leader taken out on the front lines.
Does it mean now they can't? How will they stop unvaccinated people from eating at hawker centers?
does it mean that the check in occurs earlier? so like people don't have to show the status at f&b now?
does not make sense the fact you have 1st shot then got Covid19, which is considered as taking 2nd shot. technically you can take the booster once you are 6 months after recovery.
Does NS help? I tend to find women are more like this than men, no sexism intended, just a personal observation. Of course, I'm biased as a recently ORDed NSman from a good JC who had the chance to mix around with many ITE and polytechnic kids for the first time in NS, it really opened my eyes. Maybe the absence of similar experiences is what causes many moms to behave like this?
Does Singapore realize they don't have the money to fund this kind of shit imagine spending money enforcing this with all that's happening in the country.
Does the ability to look after ourselves includes having enough Singaporean Doctors and Nurses, and enough hospital bed places?
Does this mean they have have been bolstered by the fake numbers in their chats for months? .
Doesn't change the fact that tiny us are the only one with the moral courage to atleast try to make abit of a impact. The rest of ASEAN can barely muster a statement of condemnation even if sanctions are futile, they can at least offer stern words right?
Doesn't look like any loosening of covid measures. There hasn't been social distancing while wearing masks for more than a year now, go on MRT during rush hour or try ION on a weekend.
Doesn't matter what specs they say they have. This has been going on every few months or even weeks if you go on Nintendo switch sub. Even Forbes and Bloomberg talk about it. If you talk about it all the time, you will eventually be right if it eventually comes out
Doesn't matter whether it's Singapore or not. Any parent anywhere getting such a message would be terrified. You don't get desensitized to these things unless you're experiencing them on a regular, firsthand basis, like soldiers fighting a war. Just seeing it on the news is not going to be the same, even if you're in the same country.
Doesn't matter.Singapore is an authoritarian country by nature.you should have realized that ages ago if you've stayed in singapore for long enough.I was just pointing out the fact that even a supposedly democratic western country like Australia can come out with policies that can outdo countries like singapore.
doesn't really have a stance on most things, we just agree and upvote whatever is already upvoted and downvote whatever is already downvoted.
Doesn't seem like it. It sure must be a really shitty joke if he has to edit it every few minutes.
Doesn't sound too much different than the rest of the world. I'll be working till I die as well only without the house to show for it!
Doesn't this actually make our laws less credible? This law is being willfully broken dozens if not hundreds of times a day and, oh we can casually not enforce it, or just don't get caught. Then this will apply to all our laws, why should we enforce one law and not another?
Doing intern now. 8-6. Already i go home want to die laio. And this is intern work load. I do not want to think if when i start full time, where got time to date gf or even have the idea of having kids? Ffs. As of now, by the time i reach home, it's almost 1930. Wash, eat and rest a bit. 2030. Less than 2 hours to play games or do anything i want before having to rest to wake up early to travel to work. Than if i sleep late, will be shag at work. Than that will affect how i am after work that day. And continue on. Honestly? This sucks.
doing intern too, 9-6.45 from wed to sun, takes around an hour plus for me to travel to work place from my home, reach home at around 8pm every time, wash and eat already slmost 9pm alr, with only that few hours to do whatever i want before sleeping. Under school's internship so have to write daily report and submit it by the end of next week is just pain in the ass
Domestic workers get room and board, too. I certainly think they should be paid way more regardless, but stating their salary as 6-750 and essentially ignoring what in some cases amounts to 1-2k in benefits feels misleading
Domestic workers say hi. More than 12 hours 6 days equals to $600 to $750 monthly. Job description is abstract, from washing dishes to washing kids and elderly.
Don't blame them, they are not obliged to continue fighting. People's Action Party put minister level MP to contest, people will say they are being vindictive and trying to win back Aljunied. Might as well let WP do their thing and not risk losing a minister.
Don't blame yourself too much. It might be a result of upbringing. You'll see similar posts on the Singapore reddit. Many Singaporean parents don't teach their children on being assertive or saying no because they prefer a submissive child. I've been in your shoes a lot but life experiences count, and your experience is going to teach you to be better at this. really hate being rude to randoms but I'm really good at not giving in to sales people now even when I make eye contact and they reach out to me. Just a smile and say no thank you, march on a bit quicker - they're not going to waste their time following someone who's not going to stop, much less take out their wallet.
Don't bother with them. Seeing them keep repeating their complaints about restrictions, went to take a look at their comment history. Says a lot when this person could tell a PCR-positive person to not care so much about isolating themselves because nobody will know they are supposed to be isolated. It's one thing to believe masks don't work or question vaccines for people under 30. There might be some arguments so this isn't unreasonable. But, it is quite a piece of shit to literally tell PCR-positive covid patients to roam, break the law and put the person and others at risk of potentially serious repercussions, simply because this person doesn't give a shit. This person has no basic sense of decency, let alone empathy. edit I shall quote them context a reply to an OP asking whether their isolation start after first testing positive via a self-test or after they received PCR confirmation Why do you care? If it's self test nobody knows you're supposed to isolate.
don't bullshit here la, even if Lee Hsien Loong wears his no.4 to show his support you guys will just say he wayang.
Don't count on it. each generation fancies itself smarter than the one that came before, and wiser than the one that comes after It's how terms like strawberry gen come about
Don't disagree with what you are saying, just pointing out the current median income. Fully agree that it's not high enough when compared to current cost of living.
don't do that thing with the clouds! HDR everywhere doesnt look natural. people need to look at a photo and think thats what you saw, otherwise you lose the effect of awe
Don't even need our armchair to know shit will hit the fan when the people in charge are hurling bucket loads of shit at the fan.
Don't even need Russia to do that, see this navy report. That's the problem with propaganda, it's effective when you keep doing it.
Don't even need testing if they have less than 50! Wait till a cluster pops up there and then we get cheebye 2.0. Seems like the MMTF have forgotten the Shincheonji shitshow and the mosque and church clusters from last year.
Don't even stop to talk to them. Just keep walking, don't feel paiseh because it's their job to be there.
Don't even think he was ripped anyway, it seems kind of bullying when Shan keeps secrets and laughs at others for not being in the know.
Don't expect the police to do anything, was waterboarded like OP and the police basically went OK noted
don't feel a need to avoid them because you have not done anything wrong, just like they have not done anything wrong. if they want to follow me, it is a win because I'm not stopping and it means he or she is not pestering other people.
Don't feel bad for falling for their tactics. They are trained to draw you in. I also used to find it hard to refuse people, especially if it's for donations. But I'm much happier finding my own charity organisations to donate to and i have access to information on how it's used and at least i also know it's legit. Anyway don't feel bad, and I hope you got your money back.
Don't forget how some of them would still get so offended by the idea of Impossible Pork. which is vegan.
Don't forget the Brunei dollar is on par with the Singapore dollar, meaning 1 Brunei dollar is the same as 1 Singapore dollar
Don't forget the yes men telling Putin what he wants to hear. The blindly obedient state media in Russia which only broadcasts government propaganda to the people and does not dare criticise the dear leader. Sounds familiar ? You can also take note of the futility of smaller nations trying to fight against bigger ones. Or the pointless need for conscription as a deterrance against a sufficiently mad man. Or the usefulness of defence pacts like NATO which might be the only thing that protects small nations from larger ones. Etc Can also take notes from the Ukrainian president. From comedian to inspiring war time leader. Over here. still looking for the template scholar + civil service high flyer parachuted into GRC + made minister and deciding which is the least bad choice.
Don't forget- many Sengkang residents are children of Hougang nang. it's all one big family in the purple line.
Don't get me wrong, I'm against the invasion of Ukraine but i can't help but wonder if we'll still be making such speeches if the perpetrators were the US or China. Did we say anything during the invasion of Iraq or the Tiananmen incident?
Don't get the problem here. There are 3 oppos presenting their own qn to VB in a span of 1.5mins. VB have 4.5mins to answer 3 oppos' qn which when u divide by 3 u get 1.5min the same time he gets to present his own answer to one oppo. How he manages his time is his issue.
Don't give up. It is people like you who are always sacrificing at the frontlines during medical disasters. For those who despise you and fear you, I hope that the day comes and they have a chance to see first hand the hard work healthcare givers put in for the good of the nation. My salute to you.
Don't go Australia or New Zealand though. They have the same attitude as Singapore government, seeing as they lock down the moment a few dozen covid cases pop. Maybe USA, but I'm in the USA and the amount of anti-vax stupidity is astounding I see a lot of 5G CAUSES covid posters and I'm supposedly in Silicon Valley .
Don't have to share openly on reddit, just DM me. I won't say, i just want to avoid them.
Don't just put idi nahui. Use this instead , . Government of Russian Federation, idi nahui
Don't just talk! UNINSTALL Grab from your phone and leave a 1-star review that mentions this cynical two-faced fare hike. After that, delete Grab from your app library and never download it again.
Don't know which is worse. Underplaying seriousness can give a false sense of security. It may also lead to serious consequences or repercussions and can result in more cases or spread or under preparation because everyone will be kind of relax and may not take ample measures to protect or prepare themselves. Doubt government will lie to risk that. Hopefully not.
Don't know why you are getting downvoted for giving your opinion which is not wrong. is really a cesspool.
Don't lose it and clean, that's is definitely valuable, there is no way a charity drive here in Singapore would do this again. Props to you for even having one!
Don't mean to downplay your experience but it's even worse when you're an ex-Muslim. I'm just thankful that I live in Singapore and don't have to worry about the religious police.
Don't mind me jumping in, but in that case, how will you handle things like wills and inheritance since as far as i know upon death assets will be divided according to faraid?
Don't mind sharing some of those signs? Will help if I see some of those on my feeds
Don't most kids take care of their parents until they pass anymore? Thought that was something Chinese people mostly practice.
Don't say kissing, holding hands is already blasphemous. Not sure if anyone rmb the one elbow distance
don't say like that . the uploader also has alot of credit because the next time i see a cat in the canal i know how to save it. he made saving 1 cat potentially become saving 100 cats
Don't take my comment out of context to suit your narrative. That was in reply to your claim that people are outraged when Singaporean Chinese are discriminated in the west. It's pretty clear that aren't interested in a healthy discussion as you are conveniently ignoring everything else in my comment. You are only interested in spouting your beliefs and misconceptions without considering other perspectives.
Don't think anyone is condemning the police for following procedure, but condemning the restriction of freedom of speech and assembly in Singapore generally.
Don't think he's fought a lot of battles as a soldier either. Which is a good thing for Singapore of course. But a bad thing if an army career is used as a test of someone's mettle.
Don't think it is anything different in any other Western countries. While the social systems can change from nearly non existing US to quite well working Austria . All the points you brought up, apart from living, are similar. When I was a young boy, people would retire by the age of 60. Now for my dad's Generation around 1960 has to work until 68 to keep the system running. I probably have to work until 70+ if I soley want to rely on governmental retirement. And even then it would be only a fraction of what I have earned. But I'm actually less scared of retirement, than off the way there. We saw the world change drastically this year. Who knows where we are heading and what those uncertain times will bring.
Don't think it's very uncommon that this happens. Don't have any stats, but it's unlikely every crime confessed to is prosecuted. Those first timer or petty crimes etc always get let off with warning.
don't think this is exclusive to muslim. we can change some of OP's words from muslim to ' because stian' and the entire story will be the same and common.
don't usually post or comment but I feel very heartened upon reading this post and simply had to comment. personally I have not been on the receiving end before, but I fully agree with your opinion that such superficiality should not be the way to go. there are many layers to a person and what one scores in an examination or what they do for a living should definitely not be the sole metrics we use to define a person. on our part as the younger generation, we must understand where these parents are coming from. most of them come from a time where a lot of emphasis is placed on education and attaining high academic qualifications. ingrained in their minds is the perception that all students who can achieve good grades are also at the same time good people. unfortunately, this is not the case today. the paper chase today is no longer the only focus of students, nor is the opinion that only smart people are good people necessarily true today. I say I am heartened upon reading this because many of us, the younger generation of today, understand that a good heart is equally as important as a good mind. do not get me wrong, I am not justifying the described observation nor am I playing the moral high ground and saying that we are better than the older generations. we most definitely are not we still have a lot of learn and lots of room for improvement. but I feel this self-awareness is a good start to what we can possibly be in time to come, and because of this I am hopeful for the future.
Don't want to return trays and clear table after meals? I slap you with a stern warning or $300 fine Don't want to get vaccinated during a global pandemic? Well, as you wish.
Don't worry boys - gyms will likely reimburse you in terms of time lost for your membership. We're all gonna make it brah.
Don't worry every school a good school. Especially when it's not their own kids' schools ri, acs
Don't worry it is more likely Singapore will invade Malaysia it is Malaysian to ask this question of our leader.
Don't worry, for anyone who's a minister, they will have more than enough. Maybe they should be the ones required by law to up our birthdate!
Don't worry, I know a way around these things. My school has filmmakers who does similar sensitive religious issues in their documentaries. P.S. I'm not the one who wrote the original post about HOGC. I just found out about these allegations when I was wavering in my faith just shortly after the 2020 Circuit Breaker.
Don't worry, if those defensive parents make a scene here they will be instantly chased out
don't worry, just pay our ministers MORE so more talents will want to work here and to keep them even more incorruptible. Get more paper scholars and officers in, they'll save singapore by letting in more people and increase our GDP! Fuck all those hawker centres, they don't increase GDP much anyway! And fuck the middle class and the poor, too! the only people that matter are scholars and ministers!
Don't worry, our minister have just sent us a letter to encourage us. I'm definitely boosted and rejuvenated right now after printing it out to wipe my ass with the high quality 80GSM paper.
Don't you know its a prerequisite to be a ufc calibre fighter to participate in
Don't, they will just try to attack you back. The best way is to make loud noise like clapping or stomping while looking aggressive. They will just leave
Dont forget about the cost of renovation which can easily balloon up to around 50k if you add in furnishing and appliances.
Dont have to worry about going elsewhere. In everywhere, healthcare workers are needed, but how respected they are, renumeration, rest, staffing ratios and protection from abuse is another thing.
Dont know the hidden 2nd part of that sentence? Every school is a good school, for the students they take in
dont post anything to rile them, the banhammer is swift and 1 negative message will get you banned. unfortunately i cant read them anymore
Dont u know? Your dignity is pegged to ur salary! Our world grass ministars taught me this.
doubt so, by now if they aren't vaccinated after so much cajoling over the past few months then i think really no chance at this point
Dowry - For a girl coming from a good local family local university, staying 5 rm or condo, executive job , the current going rate is $30-50k. Even the lowest I've seen O-levels, staying 2rm, service job , the dowry demanded was $8,888. where are you getting these figures - this is completely absurd to me and my social circle is hwachong that kind
Dowry that high probably for the 1%, even then probably for show unless you have those very greedy in laws kind. Most of my friends paid some cursory $1888 to $5888 kind of dowry that was given back to the wife and eventually used for house stuff.
Dr Chee could have just ended the mudslinging by saying Singaporeans are smart enough to search for it online. The End. This is not like elections in the 80s and 90s where People's Action Party say liao means its the truth.
Dr Chee was very disappointing. Singapore is small and we can't afford to follow America where parties are simply fighting with one another and throwing mud. Jamus gives me hope in Singapore's future, where different parties with different ideas can share their thoughts and ideas, but at the end of the day stay UNITED as Singaporeans. Singapore has evolved, so much. I've always watched other parties simply try to do a 180 on People's Action Party policies as if People's Action Party is doing a bad job. Eg. Dr Chee's wealth tax followed by the removal of GST and possibly other stamp duties is basically doing a 180 on the most effective tax policy IN THE WORLD. Every rich country has toyed with wealth tax and it fails. the rich will never pay taxes, that's life. But if we tax their luxury goods, we still get the last laugh. Japan, UK, and Europe tried a wealth tax and failed miserably. The rich will always be able to funnel their money around, just look at Apple and amazon, they funnel their money to Ireland to avoid tax. if we start taxing the rich they will simply store their wealth elsewhere and in 5 years we have $55Bil deficits. People's Action Party ald knew that. we're not America, we cannot toy with these ideas, in every occasion it fails, however maybe we're special and it MAY work, but if it fails. we're a tiny ass country and we won't be able to recover. we don't have Lee Kuan Yew around anymore. Don't even get me started about the stupidity of minimum wage . There's no choice but to choose People's Action Party, they simply do their homework and replicate strong policies 7 or 10 times, not through theory crafting, but by studying others and picking the things that work. Whoever disagree's with People's Action Party's Goals are simply fools, however their methods of getting there are simply questionable. But now I've been swayed, Jamus's speech on how they're not here to simply go against People's Action Party but instead modify their approach, is amazing. I feel comforted to know that no matter which party I vote for I can have confidence that I'm choosing one of the most competent people in Singapore. unlike America where they're forced to choose a rapist or a racist for president . I hope that no matter which party you choose that you'd do so with Singapore's future in mind and that at the end of the day we are ALL Singaporean's. Do so remembering that we are just a tiny ass country, that we will become part of Malaysia if we fuck up, and currently all our neighbours hate us. There is no place like Singapore, and if you really love to complain about our living standards and how shitty it is to live here then please gtfo of Singapore and go to America to live with Amos Yee, enjoy the racism, poverty and shootings there.
Drop the theater . Please just stfu if you don't have any working solution to offer. It's either do everything or do nothing for you clowns. Nothing in between.
Dude just trying to make a living selling his hometown food. Yet people target him. Hello, not like he has the power to influence Putin's decision. I will go and support his business and buy from him.
Dude living in Singapore there's a lot of salespeople. You gotta man or woman up and refuse. Otherwise, you're gonna be in a lotta debt.trust me, I'm speaking from experience .
dude pls take care and reach out for assistance if you need any counselling. my god. i can't imagine.
Dude this was amazing! Reading the story behind what happened made it all the more wholesome
Dude to be honest coming 4th in the world in a very popular sport like table tennis is pretty fricking amazing
Dude, go Google Healthcare Manpower Plan 2020. You are not wrong in that it takes time to build the talent pipeline. What you are not acknowledging is that MOH bungled the talent attraction and retention - this is a long-standing problem that they have failed miserably at. I do happen to know a bit more than the average joe. And its a fucking disgrace that they still gave the Director a National Day Award despite not meeting targets.
Dude, if you ever went to a government hospital pre- covid, it was already at tipping point. My stay in a&e for a serious case was 16 hours, + additional 3 hours to see a doc government is very well aware of the burnout. We are heavily reliant on foreign workers for healthcare roles. But when they can't go home for 2 years, what can they do, besides resigning and going home? Combine that with Singaporeans hysterically running to a&e, you got a very good storm What can they do? Go back to P2HA? Sure that may pull the numbers down, but the end result is still the same. They will have to face the burnout again later when the government try to reopen.
Dude, in 2001 on my 1st day in primary 1 i learnt every curse word in the book BEFORE lessons even started
Duh but no let's pretend it's all legalese and not just racism . You can explain however you all would like but it's still textbook racism. So what you mean was why is so bad to be racist , I'm allowed to be racist so why can't that be? Does it sound better now?
Duh simple. It's maths question. Canoe size is only 2 pax. Peter and Paul and Park want to cross the river.
Dumb move, knowing that protests are illegal in Singapore. They knew what they were in for.
Dumbasses actually said Omnicron had little to no impact in the initial surge lmfaoThen explain how nearly every country is lifting restrictions currently whilst we are still stuck in Phase 2? I don't deny that we have a manpower crisis, but clearly, this is not something that can be blamed on the virus anymore. They have already robbed 2 years of our lives and couldn't have even been bothered to do any worthwhile preparation.In addition to this, most patients visiting the hospital currently have mild symptoms in any case. I don't personally blame them though with how much the government has fearmongered the virus and still continues to do so.
Dunno why the downvote because you that's quite close the truth. But. pork barrel. The term pork barrel politics usually refers to spending which is intended to benefit constituents of a politician in return for their political support, either in the form of campaign contributions or votes. As long as the electorate continues to be willing participants sheep? of pork barrel politics, Singapore will never move forward.
Dunno. Maybe it's because I'm Malay but when I hear how much a hotel wedding costs I die a little inside.
During my time in the 90s, school fights with box cutters are not uncommon. Some moron in my school burn down a toilet for fun as well, teenagers would go out of their way to standout or prove themselves over a small offhand remark from their peers. Most of these people I knew grew up fine, has a good paying job, married, and regret their actions immensely eg. that moron who burn down the toilet is now a high flier FA executive working for one of the banks here
During that time 600k was a shit ton of money. Source my grandfather went bankrupt and sold his landed property for 600k during the same year
Earlier in the video, she tagged a person named 'JON' top right . That suggests that is someone she knows maybe husband or bf or brother or friend. She clearly have the every right to use the term 'WE'. Dont be so quick to judge yeah.
East coast park and Bedok Reservoir Park tape on the sitting areas. Tampines Central Park no tape. Coincidence or bias against helpers that gather there? I find this troubling
Easy . Take parts off non working Russian jets and use for warranty, outsource tech support to India.
Easy to kill all the f&b businesses when you're still collecting your government paycheck each month
easy to say when we sit behind computer criticse them like this is some valorant or csgo match talking about position all to be fair yes positioning can be better, but their lives in danger mfer was charging at the middle one with a knife where got time think ok i repositon then shoot
Easy to track, police just needs to know time and date on the train and can narrow down to find the suspect.
ECG is like the basics of the basics. Not really considered the most effective way to detect heart problems compared to Echo. So we are still lacking in that.
Economy going down again? STI just recovered to pre- covid levels. We can't afford another lockdown that may ensure if our local cases start to moon march-april 2020 again.
edit sorry,I was looking at their US website This is a very shitty move, there should be some avenue to complain about this and get the money back Quite a no. Of people have the same experience as you on google review or next time just wear earphones and pretend or actually do to listen to music and ignore everyone
edited Thank you for the awards, and thank you for helping me change the flair. Some pic I drew for NDP, thought you guys would like to see it. I removed the text, since National Day is over.
Edited thanks for catching! And yeah I think so too! It also helps that our Bio teacher was female so she would shut down any ridicule! Bio teachers for sex ed when
Edmw had notable CSI and expose cases. This brompton case, the IMDA Nisha case, all epic in their own right. Imho, the craziest one was getting a doc in Australia suspended.
Education system will teach what is considered to be the societal norms. And give me a break, you think the system has any expectation on behaviour development based on these programs? Nah. It's not happening now and it didn't happen when I was having a good time as a teen decades ago. And what frankly do you expect on where the line is drawn? Bisexual is fine? Why stop there? How about stretching it to polygamy and ethics of group sex? Sex before marriage . what age? Should we say 12yo since that's when kids become sexually aware? Do some of the above turn you off if they are included in the school sex education? It does? So what makes your judgement of right or wrong to be superior? Point is this - people always think they are woke and others are out of touch till the boundary is stretched beyond their limit.
Education system will teach what is considered to be the societal norms. Societal norms, huh. A poll among people from 18 to 35 years old, aka parents, reveal 58% are willing to accept family members with same sex relationship. How much percentage do we need to reach before you would accept it as the norm? 80%? 90%? 100%? Or were your argument just some ad populum? Should we say 12yo since that's when kids become sexually aware? , the good old If we allow homosexuality, we have to allow pedophilia argument. Get something new.
Eh 2 wrongs don't make a right. I don't have to be rude back to them. Unless they continue harassing me then it's a different story.
Eh a few hundred years ago the French people got a bit unhappy with their king and then some things happened.
Eh don't just anyhow lump all the soldiers like that. Most of the foot soldiers have been shown to be conscripts at just around 20+, so they can't be defiant otherwise they can put their family in danger. They weren't even aware they were going to Ukraine, they were lied to go and die with out-of-date equipment and limited fuel
Eh I am sure they will get a fair trial since they will be charged under the public order act which they clearly contrevened. Now whether you agree with the law is one thing but as of right now, the law is still in place
Eh if the store supports showing vaccination status for tokens, it should do for people using the app. The only difference is that the app users might as well use the token then since you can't scan the QR codes away from the token scanner to alleviate the congestion at the entrance.
Eh nice la 19 awards. Got a free hugs so I gave that to you also Reminds me of when I got the most controversial post of reddit of the hour from this sub according to the bot
Eh no half-measures please, want to do then go all the way. Enforce WFH for all companies. I want to sleep in. Thanks.
eh to be honest i havent been looking , but i guess the bottom has to come at some point or does it.
eh true . no one likes a backseat driver anyway. can I at least say that I've got something to say and if they dismiss it then it's on them? at least I tried right? or just bury it deep and never speak of it ever again?
Eh we no allow SCP on train please alight at this station I said alight not set things on fire
eh, I do not know bout Tan Chuan Jin although his social media game strong. somehow don't have the feels that he will stay and fight . might as well throw NCM and Umbrage Ng into the mix too
Eh, I wouldn't trust pretty much any of the Indian media, aside from maybe smaller local publications or networks. All the big news channels are firmly either in the Modi can do no wrong camp or the I am owned by Congress camp. There is no in between.
Eh, kinda obvious that they only put safety at the end just because way too many NSFs died than is necessary
Eh, they wouldn't need a referendum to figure out what percentage of people want to remove 377A, IPS does surveys for example.
Eh, you'll be fine. singapore is still statistically very safe. These are just unfortunate freak accidents.
Eh. If anything it proves that having an army isn't much of a deterrent so long as your opponent has a stronger one than yours.
Eh. Reddit is mostly young and male. Just imagine most of these comments are made by 20 yo ginnas and you'll give them the weight they deserve.
eh.I say support it if you think it's a good game la, but thanks anyway!
Ehhh. Hmmm let's just say the Aussie government got alot of flak for abandoning it's citizens and you are talking about citizens
Either the government takes the opinions seriously and thinks of ways to address them, Or they think that Singapore has signs of becoming the next Hong-Kong and it is time to start being a teeny-weeny bit stricter with those youngsters before they get out of line. I don't know man, I could honestly see the government veering either way.
Eliteism is strong here. It also applies to working life. So many degree holders look down on those who only have a diploma or ITE or O Level cert. Most of the time, the less educated do the jobs better.
Elson Delane Lim Lee, flounder and chief dulce-bag exeggutor of an student recruitment anti-employee's basic welfare company, said he insists on seeing an MC to verify an employee's claim that he is covid positive. hungryMCeyepower I am being sarcastic?
encouraging healthy, heterosexual marriage and stable nuclear family units Just this line alone is telling LGBT people that we are not healthy and our families are not considered stable. This can push LGBT students into thinking that they're broken and need fixing, and can even push them towards suicide from feeling that a huge part of them is wrong. Is that what we want? To hurt people just because they are not cishet? Whatever our kids choose to believe in, lgbtqwhatever will be their choice, but family values are important. Being LGBTQ is usually not a choice. If it was, there wouldn't be any given how much harder life is as one. And why is family values so important that we have to demonize a vulnerable minority which ironically leads to some of us being driven out of the family? To put things plainly, you can do whatever you want with you genitals and it's noone's business but yours, however Family always been and always will be union of heterosexual people. And yet, we have a law criminalizing homosexual sex and the prohibition of homosexual marriage to prevent LGBT people from ever setting up a family legally. And who has rights to say it's backwards ? Just because bunch of jesters yell about equality and push lgbtqwhatever agenda? Traditional, nuclear families have been and will be here. Again, it has nothing to do with sexuality And this is the second time you have typed lgbtqwhatever and even played the agenda card. Kinda shows your biasness here. And to answer, would you feel equal if you were prohibited from marrying, and having sex is criminalized just because some people feel icky about it? In a country where a lot of things are tied to marriage, LGBTQ people lose out on them just because some people feel icky about LGBTQ people. That, if you don't realize, is backwards.
Encouraging heterosexuality and the nuclear family or homophobia Like how you can promote the culture of your own race without being racist towards others
End up we are ready for a non Chinese opposition member than a non Chinese PM
Enjoyed the debate? Thought it was good? Thats what happens when you vote in alternative voices!
enough is enough sia even as an introverted ass motherfcker the so-called quarantine fatigue is real. always clashing with holidays etc just because the government won't stop pushing the blame, and consequences of its GDP obsession, on the citizens
Enough is enough. If the elderly choose not to be vaccinated, let them die. We cannot be held hostage any longer. The MMTF have demonstrated they are a group of incompetent clowns and totally unfit to lead the country, much less in a crisis. As a young generation Singaporean, I know I'm not alone in my sentiment of being desperate to leave. Something needs to change, fast.
entually lower it's price to get them back and drivers will have business again. Win win scenario for all. Just vote with your wallet. grab is just grab. Grabbing money.
Er no. Because if the place is filled with un-vaccinators why would u want to be placed at such high risk. Imagine buying a bag of crisps and dying of covid instead of MI. Sacrilege.
Er. And ur point? That Singaporeans are to fat and lazy to survive a war? Or that we can't fight the kind of war the Ukraine is fighting?
Er. Then u r free to move? Why havent you? Cheap talk about deep ties and what not. In the end it's co its their home. U guys talk a good game about not having heritage and bs like that. I'm a 4th gen singaporean, plenty long to see.this as my home. Chances are u r probably at least 3rd gen so thats at least pre-war. Thats not an unpopular opinion, its just a shallow one
Erm Singapore didn't sanction because oh no people dying but the nvm. From how you say that ukraine invasion is considered a civil war. I just not gonna even bother
Erm.op not differentiate between for cpf oa and cpf sa or ra? You can't use sa for housing.or anything for that matter before retirement By the time of retirement, most people sa or ra would've been 'up there'.?
Ermm honestly, speaking from a Malay Muslim's Point Of View. I dont think its a struggle to be honest. That elderly man who was preaching to you had no right whatsoever because yes although its good to spread Islam that dude had some weird ass thinking. We are actually taught to respect the elderly. However if they do start being cringe or rude to you for no specific reason we should never talk back to them because its disrespectful. Its better to just not let them get the best of us away. Islam teaches you to be a better person and if someone does something wrong we're supposed to let god handle it. Honestly in my opinion that malay abang probably should have told you to follow him or like talk to you instead so the elderly man would've actually kept quiet. Anyways, preaching about Islam is fine but at the end of the day god does guide some people to Islam and like to not disturb other people. Though I can also admit sometimes some old people a bit jialat . And the fact that Elderly Malay Muslims may have learnt a very different Islam compared to what Ive learnt since my religious teachers actually studied in the Middle East so they got the full understanding of Islamic teachings.
ermm.according to history.it was the american bombs dropped in japan that made them surrendered.the brits left singapore to it's own fate when the japanese attacked, in just 8 days of battling they threw up their hands and surrendered.i guess defending Britain from Hitler was more important than protecting tiny Singapore. so much for being our colonial master.
Ermmm are u disagreeing with me? Er. Like yeah okay i was responding to the spineless strawberry above. And erm i was saying he didnt want to defend singapore. And if u look at my other comments i am very familiar with the doctrine.
Err maybe I missed the news but is this related to the Indian strain? And was it Lawrence Wong that failed to close the border before it came to Singapore?
Err no to nuclear ? And also you not talking about Nuclear weapons right. I don't think UN allows new nuclear powers anyways.
Errr . ever seen a stock price chart? You really think a stock chart showing Berkshire's $475,879 share price from $0 is useful in analysing it's price movement?
escent like foreign workers or new citizens. - Explanatory Statement to the Maintenance of Racial Harmony Amendment Act 2019 There's this I guess. Can't think of anything else tho.
Especially galling given the CDC has suggested outdoor transmission is almost completely negligible as a vector.
especially good with social commentary that can tug on the heartstrings of Singaporeans That can be considered creativity actually.
Especially if the scenario was that a teacher let the year one student go to the toilet during class time. In such a case the teacher must be struggling under a mountain of guilt.
Especially since during teenage years, our circadian rhythm naturally shifts a few hours later, so teenagers and adolescents usually are physically unable to go to sleep and or or operate in the mornings. Making them constantly wake up hours before their bodies are supposed to, and taking away their sleep is seriously detrimental to health.
Especially with a cane. They're literally just whippy wooden sticks to cane your kids with and give them nice marks that they can show off in school next day with their friends .
Essentially majority seems uncomfortable because they don't seem to be able to accept Indians as PMETs. They have always seen expat Indians as the ones who clean up the streets in Singapore, in construction, in blue collar jobs where locals never want to compete. They can't seem to digest the fact that they are losing out to Indians in PMET roles or tech. They don't want to rent out to Indians because of smell of curry . When they get out meted out similar treatment in jobs they start crying foul. At the end of the day, a Firm invests and wants to protect its investment. They can choose not to recruit locals.
essentially, police was not running. He took a few steps back, still facing the suspect, so that he could create a safety distance between the assailant and himself.
ETA See comments below for clarification. It appears that the exemption will continue. Hopefully it can be handled more smoothly. It sounds like the exemption may no longer be recognised under the new rules. You may just have to get that second jab as soon as you are able. Sorry to hear of your situation.
ETA the full judgment can be accessed here While this is not the complete victory progressives were hoping for, we should not ignore that it's a partial victory in an important sense The Court of Appeal held that the entirety of Section 377A is unenforceable unless and until the Attorney-General of the day provides clear notice that he, in his capacity as the public prosecutor, intends to reassert his right to enforce the law by way of prosecution and will no longer abide by representations made by the then-AG in 2018 as to the prosecutorial policy that applies to certain conduct. This means the CA has now held that the AG legally cannot enforce s 377A without giving prior notice of intention to do so. This is a much better position from before, where non-enforcement was just a matter of intention.
Ethnicity or race and religion are inherently different. However, they can be connected by how culturally connected the ethnicity is to a religion. This connection can and does change with time, though, and that is an important part of why they are separate. The Malay as a people existed before Islam and will exist even if Islam stops being worshipped like so many other religions. Singapore especially has a reputation of being more cosmopolitan and less traditional than Malaysia, which in turn makes many non-Muslim Malays seek it out. It's actually a significantly better guess that a random Malay in Singapore is not Muslim or is a non-practicing Muslim than a random Malay in Kuala Lumpur. Historically if you look at other ethnic groups and religion, you'll see similar progressions. The Irish were once majority devout Catholic and now are majority Catholic but a large percentage are non-practicing. The religious divides between majority Irish Catholic and minority Irish Protestant have similarly been lessening. The Hispanic world is majority Catholic, but again is seeing a slip from devout to non-practicing. Germans had huge fights between Catholics and Protestants but modern Germans are fairly neutral. The Malay people right now are just in a period where Malay identity is strongly correlated with devout Islam. A religion can inform a culture and ethnicity, but it does not define them.
European pension schemes pay out different amounts based on how much you earned and hence paid in taxes during your adult life. A housewife does not get the same pension as a doctor. The truth is European pensions systems rely heavily on the young to finance them because their governments, which change hands around once a decade, have not been careful with the way these taxes were managed. US private pension funds are private - you pay into them, they invest the money, and you get paid when you retire, hopefully more than you put in. There is nothing precluding you from buying an annuity today on the same principles, you just have to hope the company doesn't collapse US pension funds have in the past . So very nice in theory, but there is no free lunch. Either you pay for your retirement, or your kids or someone else's kids pay for it.
Even a 100% vaccination rate won't stop hospital capacity from being filled, vaccinated people can still get hospitalized. At a rate much lower than unvaccinated people.
Even a 100% vaccination rate won't stop hospital capacity from being filled, vaccinated people can still get hospitalized. Thing about restrictions is that they only exist because people die from covid. If nobody died from covid when fully vaccinated government confirm loosen all restrictions liao
Even as a Singaporean i didn't know that fact. I just thought it was a generic school.
Even assuming that is right, you are acting like the whole thing is about that when it's really the smallest part of the story. As others have told you, have some empathy.
Even basic chemicals are components for chemical weapons. It doesn't really meqn anything. America used to ban exports of Sony Playstations to some countries because they could be used for missile guidance systems. You could turn anything into a weapon.
even china has protests being in the same group as north korea is not a good look
Even GPs are overwhelmed. The clinic nearby my house has a 6pm to 10pm opening hours. At 8.30pm, registrations are already closed because there are just too many patients.
Even here, you see the people guilt tripping others for wanting restrictions lifted because at this point, they are pointless. Nursing has been tough and it's been made tougher by a system that never prioritized nursing as an important resource. Nursing is seen by the higher ups as a low skilled job that can be imported to make up for any shortfall. people also find it hard to believe one can empathize with healthcare workers while wanting restrictions lifted because ultimately, the people who believe healthcare workers will suddenly be happy if there were no covid cases are those who conveniently forget that healthcare workers still have to deal with toxic management, unfair policies, overwork, being shout at by patients and their families, being underpaid etc. I say the ones harping on how our restrictions are needed to support healthcare workers are the ones who will ignore the above problems because I am never surprised to see they demonstrate near zero knowledge of the structural problems healthcare workers face.
Even if all the GRC or SMCs with +- 5% vote differences swung over to the opposition back in GE2020, it'll still be only 23 seats out of 93. Still a comfortable supermajority for People's Action Party.
Even if not LW himself, where's Shan? Where are the usual attack dogs? The entire team's silence is deafening.
Even if people had grown old, it doesn't mean they have outgrown their nasty behaviour cultivated when they were young. Age is really just a number, maturity is shaped by life experiences and perspectives.
Even if the recommendation was different the teacher will still use their values and enforce their views.
Even if they asked for a bigger group to protest, the police would charge them with having a group bigger than covid laws allow. That would detract from their purpose. It was right to stick with 5.
Even if they weren't old as hell, I have my severe doubts they won't just run like hell and claim that their lives are more important.
Even if we put aside the school elitism , it was really low brow attacking a colleague this way . So below the belt , totally classless If it can be so comfortably shared with his fellow MIW during a parliamentary sitting , imagine what has been transpiring during their Kopi sessions
Even if you don't have solid opposition, do not give People's Action Party a free ticket. Compare the opposition party with the People's Action Party MP in your constituency, and make a sound and informed decision. The reality is WP is only contesting in the east. And sometimes I wonder if WP had gone to West Coast and fielded the same caliber, they might have won long time ago. After so many years in the east and walking the ground, they only won one GRC. So WP, if Sengkang and East Coast have not been rewarding you despite you sending in such quality candidates, please consider moving to other constituencies okay?
Even in manufacturing if your employees spend too much time working wouldnt there be a higher risk of defected products as the workers will be more careless and tired.
Even in US and Europe, you have to get permission and permit to protest. Just like Singapore. Protest is legal. What do you think pink dot is about? Even in US, if no permit, police will shut down protestors and they shoot.
even more sad that 2 of our immediate relatives passed on last year during the cheebye period and also during the timeframe of Ramadhan. Now Raya just feels different without them regardless of covid or post covid era. Thanks for the kind words brother!
Even RI is a not good school. That means every schools are equal. That means every schools are equally good. That means every schools are good. I am being sarcastic
Even scarier is how some of the senior chinese population in Singapore believing ccp propaganda that russia is goaded in an unwilling war from a secret plot by Americans. SE Asian govts should very seriously take a good hard look at how Ccp propaganda is shaping the gullible minds of these senior Chinese popln. If not the nxt gen will end up under the whims of ccp
even Singapore felt it , my brother working in Melaka had to evacuate his building because the tremors was so pronounced.
Even so it dosent take a genius to do 2+2. Or are you telling me that these highest cream of the crop scholars cannot even foresee that 10k cases a day would not overload the system? If they can't forsee even that then what fucking kind of future are they looking at for Singapore? Is it also too much to ask as a leader to step down on the grounds themselves to see what the hell is going on?
Even that's not always enough. I lived in Japan for a few years as a visible minority, but didn't really try to integrate into the culture I always knew I was going home after . My friends who did, they had plenty to say about it, so I think you need to try to belong somewhere you're a minority to really feel it.
Even the Russian government is not disputing this That's what Russia officially claim You don't have to listen to me, here's what Putin himself said I would like to emphasise again that Ukraine is not just a neighbouring country for us. It is an inalienable part of our own history, culture and spiritual space. These are our comrades, those dearest to us not only colleagues, friends and people who once served together, but also relatives, people bound by blood, by family ties. Since time immemorial, the people living in the south-west of what has historically been Russian land have called themselves Russians and Orthodox Christians. This was the case before the 17th century, when a portion of this territory rejoined the Russian state, and after. It seems to us that, generally speaking, we all know these facts, that this is common knowledge. Still, it is necessary to say at least a few words about the history of this issue in order to understand what is happening today, to explain the motives behind Russia's actions and what we aim to achieve. It should be noted that Ukraine actually never had stable traditions of real statehood. And, therefore, in 1991 it opted for mindlessly emulating foreign models, which have no relation to history or Ukrainian realities. Political government institutions were readjusted many times to the rapidly growing clans and their self-serving interests, which had nothing to do with the interests of the Ukrainian people. You can watch or read the rest of his speech online, if you cared about being more than superficial. I shall end this discussion here. But thanks for all the informative discussion, up till this point when you diverted from facts to fiction. Likewise
Even the way his hands move is amdk style . You rarely see Singaporeans move like that.
Even then, holding NDP in the midst of another fucking lockdown is just tone-deaf. Who the fuck wants to celebrate our country when said country's government is currently fucking up our response to covid? I'm not going to cheer, I'm not going to fucking watch. Might as well give any help they can to struggling businesses. Don't waste fulltime national serviceman time with parades too.
Even then, not really, because there's usually not a lot between the ones at the very top. In tennis, I don't Djokovic, Federer, or Nadal would ever have considered shame in losing to each other.
even those soldiers cannot be blamed. They have no say in what they are doing. They are just merely following instruction, doing their job. I believe ordinary citizens and foot soldiers wanted nothing to do with the war. Direct the hate the the right persons or organisation or individuals, who played a key role directly or indirectly which sparked the war. Putin is wrong, but NATO and US aren't clean either.
Even weirder, a russian Paramilitary group called the Wagner Group is apparently tasked to attack the president. The group is being led by a Neo-Nazi called Dmitry Utkin.
Even when they experience racism there, which they complain about, they will still come back here and no racism in Singapore where got, Australia one is worse and then your brain will implode because it cannot handle that level of cognitive dissonance.
Even with a 100% vaccination rate there's still a chance that 228,000 get physically sick from because-19. For all their talk of living with covid and it being endemic they still keep making the same knee jerk decision since day one. Yet the blind spots that most people are aware of kept being ignored. Consistently. Locking down for another month, putting thousands of jobs and risk is not fair on employees, business owners and the public. There's currently one person according there o the MOH sitrep in intensive care unit so if that's the benchmark what will they do if there's 25? They're talking about a roadmap and not doing anything. Less spin and more action.
Even with the boomers gone, we will still face racism. It's apparent in the younger generation
Even without this I've been almost exclusively using them because their fares are almost always cheaper than Grab and Gojek
Eventually one day they will say u are not filial , being ungrateful to them then tell whole world , brace yourself when that moment come and prepare for many noise to come . Unless they are very understanding.
Eventually she found her way out of singapore by marrying an american and now she identifies as hispanic to fit into the american society. I'm sorry but this is hilarious Especially considering how deeply catholicism is tied into Hispanic culture
Ever since he botched the YOC and didn't take any responsibility, I knew that Vivian, while being competent at his job, is an elitist and probably looks down on everyone.
every generation can call the next generation strawberry generation. it just means look good on the outside soft on the inside. which is how most older generation see the younger generation. last time was harder.now so easy.last time.now. which i usually ignore but in my heart im like lanjiao?
Every new idea has been once deemed as too 'progressive'. To merely brushing an issue because you think nothing can be done is what makes everything stagnant as it is.
Every school should be called Singapore School. No more Raffles, Hwa Chung, ACS or Nanyang. All the teachers and principals rotate every 3 years. Everyone pays same school fees. All donations to schools go to the same fund. All CCAs are similar across schools. If one school has golf, all schools have golf.
every schools are good every school is good , FTFY. What school did you go to? Must be a damn lousy school!
Every time when Singapore does something that is sensitive to China's feelings, there'll be commenters on Weibo or some where usually Chinese social media trying to say things like that. Like that time when Singapore approved Moderna and Pfizer but delayed approval for Sinovac.
Every war must have bloodshed and cost. But my concern is of the options A A war now without nuclear weapons with the aim of regime change to someone who writes a Ukraine nuclear free zone and no joining of any military alliance into constitution B war with US with nukes when Ukraine introduced US nukes. because This option of stirring a counter revolution or riot on streets with just regime change aim wont work. Thats what Euromaiden was. Which is arguably better?
Everybody is born differently no matter the ethnicity or religion, we cannot respect something doesn't respect everyone. For example, more right handed people than left but that doesn't mean we disrespect left handed people just to appease the right handed people.
Everyday I would wander around feeling like im dreaming because i was so tired, hard to learn that way
Everyone deserves respect. We're all just trying to make that money. The most arrogant people I've met tend to wave around the fact that their child has entered into a great school, but what about the parents' own achievements? Without that child, they may be the ones getting looked down upon and they're just transferring their experience to the next lower rung.
Everyone is not explicitly racist. Many people fight their implicit racism and do better. Explicit racism and unchecked and unchallenged implicit racism is the sign of bad person. So no don't invalidate him by saying everyone is racist. It just isn't true at all.
Everyone knows it but also everyone acts like they don't know just 5 years ago the government casually decided to arbitrarily strike 3 or 4 candidates out of the running for presidency so they could let their ideal candidate walk on into the role. Pretty surprising that all we got out of that were a few furrowed brows and disappointed huffs.
Everyone should have to spend at least 2 years' school vacations working retail. It's extremely sobering.
Everyone's livelihood is definitely going to be affected, do we have to demand an apology from Lawrence wong?
Everything is fine sir, all good, all under control. While a raging fire continues burning for ground ops workers . Seen this crap play out so many times by useless sycophants and eunuchs in the civil service. They are all just looking out for their own asses so they don't get reprimanded.
Everything they offer say I already have . If they ask what say I don't know my parents did for me .
Everytime I see the NDP fireworks, I cry. Not because I patriotic, but that is my tax money. - Kumar
Everywhere else on the globe - away from the Equator - gets Longest Sunlight Day Of Year and Longest Dark Sky of the Year. Solstice festivals are often held to celebrate those. 'Tis the tilt of the earth in relation to the Sun's light. Now. if we introduce wobbles on the polar axis, I just wonder if our skies would be like milkshakes? I'm hoping for strawberry personally. but it's got to be the Good Kind, not that only syrupy crap.
Exactly considering that these athletes actually put in the effort, train, and are proud to represent Singapore.
Exactly I have never seen people excuse racism this way before, well I'm allowed to do so ? And? Does that mean no one should question
Exactly my pain. I started my gym membership about 6 weeks ago and gained about 3kg it was super hard for me to gain weight before this , and now I think I am going to lose all the gains.
Exactly the point! See the other comments in the thread. The webtoon isn't asking for more restrictions. They're simply asking they be given some respect, patience, and understanding as well.
Exactly there are shitty people everywhere. Then why your first post make it seem only Singaporeans are shitty. My reply is to tell ur post is flawed.
Exactly they don't get that the government is trying to protect them rather than vaccinated. That's what I told my this one conspiracy theorist friend. Haiz but what to do, best way to learn is through hard lessons. people r suffering economically wise esp business owners. It's time to prioritise now.
Exactly this. The government has been urging them to get vaccinated for 6 months and they're still refusing to without valid reasons. Let just move on and let them suffer their own consequences. If they kena serious enough let them be, no point in squandering precious intensive care unit bed spaces on them.
Exactly why we have this strong stance. We cannot allow this kinda rhetoric and action to be normalised and go unpunished.
exactly, big upz to Mr Huang for rushing over though. if my daughter texted me something like that I'd drop everything to head over too. absolutely terrifying shit
EXACTLY, imagine if you were the fence on getting vaccinated, with this news you would be more reluctant compared to if you had incentive to do so.
exactly, it's so much more effective and better for the long run. Instead, we're looking to put off a lockdown for later on for a longer duration
Exactly, many HCP are ALREADY avoiding as much contact as possible. What is left is probably as much as possible the minimum required. No one said they are clean . You want to stay away from a hcp, thats fine. I understand that. Thats your right and i think many hcp also will understand that. What I dont condone is making their life more difficult. 'Just because your job is difficult doesnt mean you have to be an asshole to others' - eh hello- lets say your job is bus driver. Is your job to drive bus or to drive bus and ban hcp from bus? You drive bus everyday also can come into people and fall sick right? Lets say your job is cai fan seller. Is your job to sell cai fan? Or is it your store sell only to non hcp? Those kopitiam near hospital u think everyday dont have hcp go eat? You normally everyday also can fall sick right? Who is being exlusive and being an asshole here? You not obliged to treat people with decency, fine. Doctor also not obliged to treat you .
Exactly. A Chinese Malaysian has more in common with a Singaporean malay than a Chinese from China. people forget how environments shape our behaviour and our way of living. Live overseas for a while. Come back to Singapore. You'll be shocked you ever got used to that wall of heat when you leave changi. But live there after a few weeks. You wouldn't sweat as the first day.
Exactly. A referendum will be a line in the sand, for better or worse. If repealment loses, then they will have to acknowledge that the Government was indeed right about the silent majority, and proponents will be identify which societal bodies to persuade and sway for another attempt at repealment in the future. Force the large social societies and NGOs to take a stance for and against, and hold them to their words. The fuzzy lines and legislature limbo is comfortable only for those that are happy with the status quo. Even if repealment fails it's a setback in the short-term what's the government gonna do, be strongarmed by the Diocese of Singapore to form a religious police squad and catch sodomizers in the act? The government assumes that this limbo makes everyone happy and is win-win, but the legislative limbo is causing a lot of frustration from both sides to spill over to the courts and AGC, will just shrug their shoulders and look at Cabinet and say the legalese equivalent of not our pasar brother, got ask KSham .
Exactly. Anyone suggesting a 70 year should be going to war is an idiot. The point is would the leaders of Singapore have the balls to do it?!
Exactly. At worst, maybe probation. Even for Amos's case last time, they didn't even want to jail him. Offered him options like probation but he didn't want to take it.
Exactly. Case numbers don't matter as much as the death numbers. It's like discussing the herpes virus. I can easily say 90% of people in modern societies are infected but how many develop severe disease or die?
Exactly. Funny how everyone is talking like comfort are altruistic heros who are doing this for free. They have screwed taxi drivers for so many years.
exactly. I think us the commoners can run the country way better than these dumb fools. Its as good as telling us they are waiting for shit to happen then they will get their act together. Guess they dont learn the first time round.
Exactly. I was really upset when reading that too, since i come from a Single-parent family. Honestly im probably not gonna have children and if i do, they arent gonna have their education here, because i dont want conservative propaganda being forced onto them.
Exactly. Our capacity has barely even been tested. We have 1 or 1000 beds used. Of course it's expected to increase as the true scale of this cluster shows itself and more unvaccinated elderly test positive but how much is it really gonna increase by given our already existing restrictions and widespread testing? The fact that we're currently using 0.1% of our intensive care unit capacity seems like quite a resource mismatch, like we're taking from f&b which is struggling to give the healthcare side breathing space of which they have plenty.
Exactly. people say as tho this is a Singaporean only afraid to lose mentality. Every fucking population does this. Do these-holier-than-thou Singaporeans really think people in other countries don't take any personal action for themselves too?
Exactly. Russians are just people like everyone else. Many of them don't want the war but there's not much that they can do about it when their leaders are the ones ordering the troops in to fight. Sending their own kids and loved ones out into the battlefield to die. Imagine it happening in Singapore and kids in NS being sent out to war just because they're unfortunate enough to be conscripted right when the war is happening, and then dying out there because of their birth year. Who will actually want that to happen? They're the ones who are suffering too, just like the Ukrainians. Ordinary civilians suffer the most whenever there is war.
Exactly. The first few slides unrelated to berating doctors or nurses refer to us as in non-medical personnel being the privileged ones while medical personnel are the ones suffering from everything. Even the slides referring to berating doctors and nurses are addressed to us , as if those assholes who berate doctors and nurses are representative of the majority. It never said anything about fighting for the welfare for healthcare worker, it explicitly called us out for enjoying life in happy hours , Paris , scolding us for berating doctors and nurses . Everyone can be suffering at the same time. Just because one group is disproportionately suffering does not mean that the other group isn't suffering -- and it's not fair to criticise either group for being unhappy with the status quo. All this blaming going around just distracts everyone from the real problem which is the lack of welfare for healthcare worker -- which, I repeat again, is NOT mentioned at all in the slides unlike what MirrorMask is saying. I'm not saying that doctors and nurses aren't suffering, in fact I agree they are suffering disproportionately more than normal people. I think it's great that the slides are attempting to spread the word about the plight of healthcare workers. But the way to fix that isn't blaming the majority for abuse on healthcare workers, or blaming the majority for celebrating the loosening of measures. This merely promotes defensiveness on the other side, and just drags away from the bigger issue which is the utter disregard for healthcare worker welfare beyond that silly come everyone clap for healthcare worker thing they did last year.
Exactly. This so called fear mongering really does put into perspective for me how most of us might just be one accident away from ending up in an urn, be it minor or severe. I've been spending these few years counting my blessings and making use of my time with those who have very little left. Time is absolutely not abundant. Make good use of what you still have.
Exactly. We felt the need to, but we realised that the reason we felt that way was literally everyone is doing it, why not me .
Exactly. What kind of stupid question is this even? Besides, actually fighting physically is not the only contribution during wartime. Different people can have different strengths to contribute
Exactly. When your training turns to blowing up civilian buildings, maybe you should realise something fishy is going on and stop?
except gender is a social construct, which can be deconstructed to include more definitions as society progresses. sorry if we leave you behind.
Except that the way of life is way better than a lot billions of people . Are you going to continue to reach for the sun like Icarus or are Singaporeans going to count its blessings?
Except that there is a stark difference? Look at this this way, I am ethnically chinese, would you immediately assume that im buddhist? Or christian? Or catholic? Its actually none of the above. Yet it is much safer to assume a malay person is muslim, the issue IS racial in nature because the race IS highly connected to the religion. OP is pointing out the ease at which a malay person are able to preach without case or concern because of that connection and is seemingly more acceptable within that community, more so than others. Nobody is saying no other religion experiences this.
Except they could claim if you live in their house, food and accommodation is free. So if you move outside, that's just you running away from home. As a teenager, if you leave home, they just report you as runaway and that's it.
Except waiting till 20-21 is making a decision to let puberty happen which in the case of a transgender person, has the same effect of undergoing HRT but to transform the body into the gender they do not identify as. To prevent regret of transitioning, there are many roadblocks in place such as having to go through a psych, needing parents' consent, etc.
Exceptions must be made for medically ineligible and children, no two ways about it, if you want to appear fair.
Excuse me, healthcare system already crowded even before covid. Why didn't you do something about it before that. Now blame people. One last thing lower the PCR test cost.
Excuse you, don't you know that physical trauma can be good for you? Social anxiety and depression are must have life skills to be able to function in the 21st century.
expect around the same thing in every single labor intensive industry, at least. wouldn't say money will solve everything but it will definitely solve a lot of things involved, be it pay raise to current staffing, or using the same budget to expand overheads. people adapt and find their comfort zone eventually, somewhere in the industry that fits what they want. unfortunately the musical chair of new trainee, or imports stopped for 2 years and supply dried up. guess you must've been through a lot of bureaucratic bullshit. same for me too. stay strong, eventually you will find your comfort zone.
experienced the same thing myself, my olvls was in the single digits for my L1R5 and my psle was one of the top 3 in the sch. But due to some relationship issues previously, I made the mistake and went for a polytechnic course which I had no interest in and guess what, I flunked the hell out of it. Now I hav no choice but to select one of the private unis in Singapore. The place whr Im working part time for spare cash has 90% aunties, who like to talk to me and usually will start off convo by what sch u studying in? what course? my daughter or son now final year NUS or NTU or SMU or already grad with cushy job blablabla. My standard reply will be'now studying university' and try to leave it at that. But most of the time they will probe further and once they know im in private university, they will suddenly lose interest and start talking about their sons or daughters truestory
Expiring HDB leases is gonna be a ticking time bomb for the next generation. They're gonna inherit those units that they will need to hand back to the government.
Explain to me what you think I'm saying, unless planting your flag on understanding the word geopolitical is all you had in reserve.
Eyes sees trees against a sunrise backdrop which looks like africa Mind ZABENYAAAA
Face it, if that was your elderly mom you'll be telling her to gtfo of there 1st.
Fact is that people operate on their racial beliefs and even if they aren't going to be open about it, they will take one look at my name and judge me anyways. And it's no different to how I'll have my own set of preconceived biases about you. Just open the floodgates and let's be real with each other. I'm sick of this fake inclusive bullshit and I honestly believe its an attempt at sweeping the issue under the rug instead of our society coming to terms that there's an ugly side within all of us.
Fact. I think the government is worried that once u give them a raise u can't go back, they will be 'overpaid' once covid blows over. This is stupid because even in peacetime healthcare worker aren't even paid enough which is why there is a chronic manpower crunch.
facts. but you forgot the im so proud to be a singaporean but whines about how the government fucks up everything and how this sucks that sucks.
Fair enough, but a temporary scale could be applied to determine what level of movement is appropriate for infection control purposes, without shutting the inflow altogether.
Fair enough. Nobody will know this in detail. Imagine Malaysia and Indonesia say that hey, some mofo invaded a muslim country. And the Arab countries, Pakistan start to vote on resolution against Singapore. Still there is no diff with what Russia is doing now. By Ukraine joining NATO, it means nuclear sharing The next step could be hosting of US nukes like our Germany, Italy, Belgium, Netherlands and Turkey friends. Then whats next? 75% of South Koreans expressed desire for nukes understandbly the their concern on China and North Korea. So the core issue here is that Russia and China are practically surrounded by hostile countries with nukes. Thats a threat to their soverignity as well and all soverignity matters. Actually there was a way out. Ukraine to declare neutral state like Turkmenistan which is also another post-Soviet country declare a single country nuclear weapon free zone like Mongolia Russia wont have to to onto this path. Of course, apparently Putin brought up Ukrainians, Belarussians and Russians belonged to same family thing clearly backfired . Russia didnt want bloodshed end up being accused of emotional blackmailing .
Fair enough. Worth noting from your third source, 49% of Indians and 18% of Chinese have experienced housing discrimination. Not a negligible amount of Chinese people though
Fake stories are bad no matter how noble the intention. Is damaging our hawker's reputation not terrible?
Fallacy. Actually NY Times has researched that it's actually only minority of winners are squandering their winnings. A lot of them actually do something great and worthwhile.
False equivalence. Someone has to serve NS, and it makes perfect sense citizens are called first. You can argue for abolishing NS, but thats another discussion altogether. That's not true. We have more than half of the citizens not even called up. Singapore is not home to the majority of foreigners. They are here to make money, and in return we benefit off the economic activity that they produce. But you will still be here when war breaks out. Don't you want to fight? It is also better off that the citizens are making money instead.
Family separation is sad enough what's more the possibility of not being able to reunite. Unfortunately, I doubt there'd be any good outcome from the war for them.
Fantastic run. Great job winning the 1st set. That male commentator was incredibly annoying though. Kept droning on and on with his whiny voice.
Far from utopia, we still have numerous issues such as high housing prices, poor mental health support, stiff job market and high income inequality, poor work life balance etc. You need to know Singapore embraces digital transformation and innovation, so for some companies older folks are let go because their jobs are made redundant or cut down on high income earners, why pay 6k salary when you can hire a fresh graduate for 3k.
Fatigue really sets in after awhile. It was going well because people understood and was cooperative. We used to feel united to combat against this virus thats threatening the nation.but right now we're reaching a breaking point where people start to feel like they're being punished for the mistake of others. people start blaming a whole race of people. It breaks down all sense of unity among the people. The government really can't sustain it too long without considering the societal impact, even if it improves the infection rate. Damn if you do, damn if you don't I guess.
Fax. That's the lee kuan yew ideology. It made sense when we were a manufacturing country where more man hours worked improved the out put and grew our economy. But in today's age where we are a service based economy, productivity is not dependent on hours worked. In fact, some studies even suggest that lower working hours leads to more productivity. The government holds on to outdated ideologies.
features in a very modern user interface. Hope they have a plan to branch into private hire cars too. if the driver pretend not to know, just tell them u want to pay via dash. easy cashless payment without admin fee too. u get to earn dash rewards. which is under singtel.
Feel bad for ya, but i agree this is a real issue in this country. I think it also mostly stems from the fact that these aunties have nothing much to show for themselves so they use their kids as a medal. Putting unrealistic expectations on their kids to achieve what they couldn't
Feel like blank cheque can't be translated literally, else it might cause misunderstanding amongst the Chinese folks. Closing statement
feel like that's a subset of watchers, most of the people i know still like the series, i guess it's fair because the anime is pretty high quality but I do not know knowing how it ends kills it for me
feels and looks like there is less of such foreign born athletes topics around now unlike the last time. This is a good sign and positive takeaway, 1 step forward for our country.
Feels like he got the country in this ness in the first place. Lee hsien loong would have probably would never have landed Ukraine in this position in the first place.
Feels like only NS is a Singapore-specific issue. Stressful and ranking-focused education is an Asian thing, which presents in both Asia and Asian diaspora in Aussie, North America, etc. All other applies to most urban areas in the world, which is where most jobs are. I guess you have a point that if not for work, I wouldn't want to stay in Singapore for long time.
Fellow Whampoa resident here since 2014 but I havnt seen him ever. To help me make up my mind, can you tell me what he has done for Whampoa pls?
felt it ard Bugis. such a weird but surreal way to feel mother nature for the first time the only time I saw or heard of earthquakes were either in the news or back in school.
Felt it in Geylang. I thought maybe because it's Geylang and things are supposed to be shaky and moving here anyway
Felt it in Hougang, I thought it's the building that's shaking because we were moving quite a number of heavy equipment in the past few days
Felt it in Serangoon. Thought I'm imagining things, then I search Google and found there's earthquake at Indonesia.
Felt proud to be a FR resident when I saw the news. There are massive protests around this though but I hope the government will remain firm.
felt the NKF durai case was more malicious as Durai was rightly accused few years before he was exposed but he sued the accuser into retracting their statements with a high power lawyers. really exposed the power of the rich and influencial to pervert the course of justice via courts
fetish and sexuality is totally two different things? its like trying to compare someone born with an food allergy vs someone who dislikes eating that food type
FFS don't be disingenuous. I'm pretty sure there are shitty people in China as well and there are shitty situation in Wuhan where fuckers are hoarding. But all we need to know is that even right now situation in Wuhan is calm. Can u imagine the same shit happening in US? There would have been riots and people looting + shootings everywhere if the US federal government quarantine a state. To say that Wuhan people actually behaved well and are mostly socially responsible is not an overreach.
Fight alongside us? Who are we fighting against? Also what crisis? The war in Ukraine is a European matter and it doesn't affect Singapore. I'm not saying we shouldn't care or even not take Ukraine's side, but the truth is that we shouldn't act as if we're the heroes or victims of a war fought by men and women 9,000 kilometres away from us.
Fighting against racism and police brutality, and fighting for equal rights for LGBTQ+ people is a waste of time to you? Workers' rights? Fair pay? Affordable healthcare?
Fighting along side citizens can be in the form of several ways, not only at the frontlines. They did be more useful doing verbal fighting on the diplomatic front to prevent situation from becoming desperate. It just looks very gung-ho to see leaders wearing or operating military equipment and fight at the front lines but on another perspective, it just means situation is desperate and failing. In this dire situation, the leadership seems to shine out but in peace times, was it the leadership that partly led to today's situation?
Filming is very important. It is the other onlookers that are actually not doing anything to contribute help.
Finally a question I can answer! I'm Singaporean Indian and my class went on a trip to India in secondary 3. Some responses 1 Joke about how they are millionaires now 2 Throwing the money in the air in our hotel while singing gangster rap songs 3 Pretend they are selling tea for 1 rupee in a bad Indian accent 4 Eh don't show the money later the apu neh neh beggars will attack you - clearly terrified by some 3 year-old kid sitting innocently by the road 5 Keep shouting Slumdog Millionaire! randomly while paying for things
Finally can sleep well with the good news. 5 years on, better news. And hope WP comes to Sembawang!
Finally someone said it. Was from a top jc, worked part time before university as a promoter and this guy told his child young, nasty primary sch kid to just ignore me because i'm this kind of people cannot study one what the fuck? Dude, you think study will help you earn money . I dont get paid for studying ok.
Finally yea. Human hell hole. Finally something to be proud of! Makes me wanna go squeeze in also
Finally! It was getting way too crowded. Shouldn't have gone back to 75% workforce work from office anyway. Public transport is a nightmare
Finally, a new town council! No more boring stuffs. We need to progress like Korea and Japan!
Finally, a way to hantam hantus with parangs by the way can control of the character be mapped to the keyboard?
Finally, one of the more impactful measures to push for vaccination. The most extreme measure could be to mandate it, making it illegal to be not vaccinated. But the anti vaxx group will be crying out loud for basic human rights.
Finding peace is the only way out, But what if so many country start to play pranks at russia first. people say put salt is small issue, now they start to put fire to create a monopoly gang up again the world, if this continues, those gang monopolies will start to eat up small country , it the rules of the game that everyone need to focus on
Fine by me. If you can move then good for you i wish you the best. Just don't come back alright?
Fine example of human stupidity on display for all to see. Either the hate for government is so strong it clouds judgement, or there isn't anything there in the first place. What an embarrassment.
First day on Ridiculous comparisons is like bread and butter here whenever the hive gets triggered.
First of all to OP, I admire your strength and never feel alone. The dinosaur mindsets are dying with time. Secondly, in my opinion there are two types of classrooms in everyone's life. One is home and the other is society. Unfortunately, the home classroom shapes minds stronger than society because of the closeness among parents, siblings and relatives. Once homes start to clean up mindsets in terms of racism and stereotypes, society would clean up naturally.
First of all, its their life. No one has business in what they do sexually. And most gay people, actually, most people know to not have sex when they are ill with anything that can be transmitted. And they always would use condoms. So maybe instead of calling it unhealthy, they could just teach the dangers of everything and how to avoid it without being based as calling it unhealthy could affect students mentally who are already conflicted with their sexuality. And you might say that its the parents job, and your right, but some parents aren't available due to tight financial situations so they work 24 or 6 or even death, or they ar just shitty parents, and the kids have no one to talk to them about this so the school helps to do it but not in a based way which unfortunately will probably only happen in a decade.
First of all, you don't bring a life into the world with thoughts on how it will suffer. Within the first few months of having a child, you will see that THEY bring you joy instead. Its difficult for those without children to truly see and feel this. If you are really listening and parenting well, kids don't really care about the rat race, their future and stresses of life, only you do - all they want to do is to throw a spoon at your face and laugh when you wipe the food off your face. If you are stressed out with the rat race in Singapore, the solution is actually to get kids. They remind you that life isn't about the rat race and daily stresses, but there's much much more. Saying one can't afford it is the largest, most misconceived and dangerous notion ever, for you only have one shot at natural birth. people will understand as they get older as move through the natural phases of life. Many people even suddenly realise that due to medical or age reasons cannot conceive. Average and lower income single income parents in Singapore can support children. It is doable, you just think your quality of life will suck, because you see it in terms cash, career, condos, cars, clubs, physical processions. By the way, i have a special needs child. I have a dog whom i see as less important to my child now. And i'm out of a job since the pandemic started. I'm doing very well, thank you.
First off its not me and my friends. Its the vast majority of Singaporeans who thinks that way. It's just who thinks otherwise 2ndly the permit process making things difficult is just pure BS. There isn't a single example of opposition or activist ever complaining about not getting a permit. The only exception is HHH's anti cpf protest which got their license revoked after they refused to move to their designated area which later events have proved totally justified. Finally the silencing culture accusation is just as stupid. No one is stopping you from making your voice heard without getting into trouble. Pink Dot literally does that every year for more than a decade.
First off reading people T-shirt text is not weird . You wear that for people to read isn't it Just use the HAND and say no thank you and walk away. Then saying running out of time when they pursue further. The only time I got it backfire was my friend late and I waited there at MRT so I act blur and keep playing mobile games.
First one is particularly critical in our context, just thinking about how the Ukraine crisis has developed. We don't know how long the Ukrainian army will be able to last, but the fact that they have managed to defend themselves and hold out against Russian invaders for multiple days has bought precious time for mechanisms like diplomacy and sanctions to kick into place. It has also bought time for the narrative to swing against Russia - the longer this conflict drags on, the more disadvantageous it is for Russia. If you can't even hold out against invaders for a few days, there is no amount of diplomacy that will be able to save your country after the government has been replaced by the invading force. Too little, too late.
First option - avoid the fight if you can. Get away and call for help. If you can't avoid the fight. it helps to be familiar with how to control the distance and minimize damage you take until you can get away or until help arrives. As someone smaller myself, I'd recommend learning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, ideally at a place that trains the self defense aspects in addition to the sport aspects. Six months of training will give you a basic skill set to survive most fights long enough to either control the situation or to escape or call for help. It's not a magic bullet but it would have been something to help this guy out instead of curling up and taking shots to the head.
First point, I'm not saying fay and lazy. I'm saying, populations that in it's recent history have lived violent events or conflicts are mentally better prepared to live through the hell that war represents. Second point Yes, but in that case is more about how much land can you sacrifice, compared to Ukraine.
First thing that popped in my head when I read the headline was Feels like we only go backwards by Tame Impala.
first to fly will be them already edit to be clear its when we are fighting a 100% losing battle
Firstly, there is no need to apologise. Secondly, thank you for the post! This resonated with me. Like you I took on jobs during holidays - cashiering, sales etc. I was also from a , but the way service staff is treated sometimes is appalling. It is extremely unfortunate that such attitudes of elitism and lack of empathy still exist.
Firstly, using a throwaway account because Singapore and also because of my work implications which I won't go into much detail of. As someone who has been working closely on this, I'm personally very annoyed and disillusioned with the way the government has been handling this issue. When covid variants were announced from the UK, Singapore was very quick to take strict measures, because there wasn't much to gain. In comparison with variants coming in from India, the government decided to prioritise our construction industry and took a very long time in taking other covid variants seriously. It seems like their efforts to boost the economy has instead, backfired. I'm sure that fellow my Singaporeans are upset regarding all of the new updates coming in. But would love to know if people who do not see what I see genuinely feel the same way or or vice versa.
Flight mode? No way that's that's the case. There's something there and he probably rather not talk about it.
Flights from china were banned too. Wonderful strawman bringing race into the picture. Great job sidestepping my point that there is asymptomatic transmission and the actual infection rates are closer to a million a day. Adjust quarantine measures do any other thing . Pray tell what is this deus ex machina that with 100% certainty prevents covid transmission? The recent unlinked case tested negative and completed SHN. 14 days or even 28 days quarantine is not foolproof. And with the worrying news of variants, it is only prudent and logical to stem any inflow of high risk individuals REGARDLESS OF RACE. You're the one kicking up a stink. If your friend were to come back and infect someone, I sure hope it's you.
Florida has 'gators, we have otters. I say we got it good. Let the crocs stay in Sungei Buloh.
Folks in Singapore are that vehement about mask policy? What's the story with having a badge? edit Thanks for the down vote? Guess I shouldn't be interested in other cultures?
Followed you on insta! This is stunning. By any chance is there a wallpaper version of this? If not I totally understand, esp if you're trying to prevent your work from getting stolen or ripped off online. Just asking as I'm living abroad atm, and always have a picture of Singapore as my laptop wallpaper! -
For a foreigner on a visa who doesn't have access to HDB flats, the rent in Singapore isn't cheap either. There may be other advantages that Singapore has over SV - low crime, commute times - but cost of living is not one of them.
For a lot of the middle income singles and the higher earner families, it is true that many are already enjoying overseas vacations. My children from slightly better neighbourhood schools already got quite a number of classmates vacationing during December holiday. Just look at the social media postings. The income disparity in Singapore is real.
for a man with mental issues, he sure fights well.i recommend him represent singapore and participate in one championship.but then he might get his ass kicked by professional fighters there
For a moment I thought it was one of the super old MRT train, where their white slowly changed to yellow
For a professor at a French business school, I half-expected him to say don't give the People's Action Party carte blanche! But yah , he played it well.
For all the free world cares, they and their ambassador can fuck right off back to Moscow.
For all you know, they will be liabilities rather than assets best to take a backseat and strategizing the war.
For an advanced country that prides itself in multiculturalism, secularism, and efficiency, we are awfully slow to progress on this. Pink Dot had been running for more than a decade, other places like India, Taiwan, not to mention western democracies have made steps towards recognising same sex marriage.
For any minority community, there's always a lot going on that the majority don't see. It's not even necessarily because of wilful ignorance, but because it's simply not targetted at them. For example, if you're Chinese and don't go around being racist, and neither do your friends, you're much less likely to witness any racism because it's happening to people and or or from people who aren't you. So unless you have non-Chinese friends who share their experiences of racism with you, it's easy to conclude from observation that it doesn't exist. Likewise for gender, class, LGBTQ issues and anything else. Temporarily working overseas as a racial minority showed me that reality. Coming out pushed me into a completely different world where so many of the things that were previously hidden from view were suddenly my day-to-day life, and vice versa. Transitioning to gay male suddenly made my world a lot less misogynist, because I was no longer a target of that. On the flip side, it made my world a lot more homophobic and transphobic, because I was newly a target of that. I didn't become more or less socially aware or empathetic, but just being perceived as part of a different social group drastically changed my experience of the world. Random strangers who would have previously ignored me suddenly started staring or glaring or making comments. Then there was the whole shift from hormones, which I experienced more as changing the world instead of me. e.g. I didn't feel stronger, things just became lighter. the sun became less hot. the aircon became less cold. everyone became 100x more attractive. Back then I described it as being dropped into an alternate universe. I'm much happier now, but I sometimes still get nostalgic for that other world I grew up in, with the hotter sun and the friendlier people. it's always trippy to recognise that it's technically the same world, just that my experience of it is different just by virtue of looking different. especially how people treated me when seeing me as male vs female - like this one waiter at a restaurant who used to make vaguely inappropriate flirty comments to me pre-transition, but post-transition was always at peak professionalism and called me sir a lot. people started expecting more of me. they assumed I was smarter and more capable than they used to. Things like computer fairs were a whole new experience. And there was a sudden fall in the kindness of strangers, because everyone leaves guys alone, for better or worse. tl dr - yes, we all live in different realities, even when we're in the same one. I find that personally fascinating, and despite everything else, I'm grateful for having had the experience to live in more than one. But many other LGBTQ people here are living in horrific realities that many around them are oblivious to, and that drives them to desperate measures because they have nothing to lose.
For anyone curious to visit, address is at 272 River Valley Road, Singapore 238315 Nearest MRT stations are at Dhoby Gaunt CC1 or NE6 or NS24 and Fort Canning DT20 . May pay a visit someday.
For anyone else who thought of that crash test dummies song instead, we just gave away our age. Cue Rick Dees Weekly Top 40
For anyone who needs someone to talk or is in a dark place. Do seek help!
For child abuse cases, police cannot do much. You need to report to MSF's Child Protective Service. One way to get to them is through social workers at various family service centers in your neighborhood. The social workers will work with the MSF officer to investigate the allegation. Most of the time, police will be called in to assist them. Parents can be ordered to attend counseling or therapy sessions. In some cases, the child can be sent to a shelter home until the parents prove to the MSF that they have changed their behavior.
For chinese planning for wedding banquet, you can still breakeven or even earn some money to cover the other expenses e.g. photoshoots . Just convince your SO to go for a chinese restaurant instead of hotel. Trust me, there are nice ones out there that look even better than some hotel ballrooms that are catered for business events, at 1 or 2 the price
For every unvaccinated elderly who believes that his time is almost up and there is no point in getting the vaccine, there is a young person who still hopes that his life will improve and covid will not rob his youth of memories and experiences. To all the unvaccinated elderly, you may have given up on your life, but I haven't, and I urge you all to not only think if you have a future, but think of our future too
For everyone saying switching back to Comfort. It's a multi billion dollar company vs multi billion dollars company. It's a lose lose for us.
For families there is above avg demand for this place but don't think that would apply to a two bedroom unit.
For fuck sake just give them more money fuck clap hands no use at least give them cold hard cash got at some appreciation You clap hands got use smh
For him to have played the game in another man's rules, he played it well and shown his worth. A new Aljunied voter sways to the WP.
For LA it depends on where you live. If you want to live in the popular neighborhoods like Santa Monica nice weather, lots of hipster cafes, very walkable, close to the beach , prices can be similar to what's mentioned above. Also got to consider quality of the apartment, many apartments here are from the 20s, 30s, barely upgraded. If you want anything modern or renovated, definitely very expensive. You can live in cheap neighborhoods, but those neighborhoods have nothing.run down, high crime etc. Live in average neighborhoods, got to drive 10 minutes to the nearest grocery store, no decent food anywhere. San Francisco is just ridiculous everywhere, because of Silicon Valley. Fresh grad salary for.tech company? It scales, depends on who u work for. I'm not in tech though so I can't say. But keep in mind income tax in US is about 30% coughblood . Also when you can finally afford to buy your own home, bank loan interest is minimum 3.5% and this is the lowest its ever been since 1970 . Before this year, bank loan interests were on average at 4-5%. In Singapore, most loans are at 2%! In Singapore, the government has a really strict policy on who can buy HDB. It's really only citizens and PRs. But in the US, anyone can come and buy whatever, so you have foreign nationals coming in and paying in cash, buying everything, thus also driving up prices. And cpf? The US has a similar system called 401k, but companies are NOT required to match. So if you suay and work for a company that doesn't match 401k.good luck. You also can't use the 401k to buy houses. And when you want to take it out at retirement.they tax u too. So really.singaporeans don't know how lucky they are.
For live in help, why bother counting that cost since it's a requirement. Want to compare like that, then compare against locally available domestic workers.
For many people complaining about racism, Xenophobia is completely fine since the victims are not Singaporean, and thus somehow it's justifiable to be assholes to them, but NO TO RACISM. Both are horrible, being mean to other people in not nice, but it really sucks to see the rules for thee not for me attitude prevail here so much.
For me honest and straight 'I don't want to listen, thank you' and proceed to put my headphone and walk away, is the best way to deal with them. They are always prepared for 'I am not interested.' their comeback is usually, please hear me out and they start their sale pitch. . Never say sorry. Guilt tripping is their mastery, indifference is the thing they are dealing with everyday. And I don't think we have to resort rudeness in our reply. Now I'm WFH for many months, people knocking my home. I said thank you with a smile, wave hand and shut the door. I believe I don't need to offer anything.
For me it's gotta be Firmino. Can totally imagine him playing street soccer at Tampines or something.
For me, i feel that Singapore is like a successful but paranoid little brother and feels the need to hold a big stick to be heard. And also because Singapore is so small, I dont think Malaysians are worried about an attack. You guys dont have enough population to hold on to Johor even if you captured it. Something something cut off water also applies. There are also a shitton of ex-malaysians in Singapore so our countries are too intertwined to start shit. The most is arguing over versions of food.
For me, i see it as a burden on the child if i am unable to financially support them to do the things they wish to do. Growing up in a poor family, i can understand the difficulties and i do not want for my child to go through the same thing. A lot of things in life, are only possible with money. Without it, you can only take what you get, not what you want or choose. You think someone like JJ Lin would be able to be dedicate his time and energy to be a successful singer if his family wasn't wealthy? Do you think Joseph Schooling could have achieved Olympic gold if his parents couldn't afford to send him to America for swimming lessons? To have freedom in this country, you need the money to afford to have choices. Don't create a life, if you can't afford to give that life freedom.
For me, it's because foreigners say that Singaporeans are friendly, kind and smart and the fact that we are one of the first-world countries yet our people are so messed up makes it different in our case. Since out country is small, we need good citizens and people, and if our quality of people are so shit to the point that people basically push other from society, it makes me upset knowing that I am part of this society
For me, political party members can be as 'progressive' as they want but if they vote with their conservative leadership, it means jackshit.
For most people, not that hard, but from the thread linked apparently they were constantly denied repeatedly.
For now only. There will be a time that will come, when government and everyone else here will tell this anti-vaxxers, we don't give a sh t about you people anymore. That is, when the majority have been vaccinated, this time will come. I refuse to put my life on hold because of these people. They want to die, they can die. I only pity those the due to medical reasons cannot be vaccinated. And those that refuse to get vaccinated, are putting these small percentage at risk.
For one, one of our bus stop got another bus serving it. Block 122 bus stop if you know . Another one is more build-to-order flats eg. McNair Towers.
For people who don't know this, singapore is actually a pretty big arms and weapons exporter.
For post war Germans no one hates it more then them and for them to actually commit more of their gdp each year to arming, Putin really woke up people that he shouldn't have woken.
For self-defence, Kapap Academy is really good. They teach realistic techniques and other more subtle ways to protect yourself, like how to make yourself less of a target or how to tell when a person is going to turn aggressive. For more sports-oriented academies, you can try Zeus Fitness, Impact, Stronghold, Sul Academy, or Matrix. You can search them up and see what fits you best schedule, facilities, pricing etc. . Most other academies are good places to train too. PM me if you wanna learn more!
For Singapore, it's more than a human rights issue. It's literally written in the Constitution 13. 1 No citizen of Singapore shall be banished or excluded from Singapore.
For some context about our users, they automatically think that supporting islam equals to good while supporting the west equals to bad Let's be real, this is the real reason. Ukrainian president Zelenskyy is Jewish.
For some of the poorest folks in India, 110 Rupees will get you 3 meals a day, or some might be getting paid that much as daily labourers!
For some reason in the past few months all the big brain property agents have been putting up HDBs at 2.5k minimum across the board, no matter how shitty and old the flat is. It almost looks like a coordinated effort to obfuscate actual price and fuck over renters. Then when you check the actual transacted price on the portals, they're like $600 under the asking price. These agents are fucking parasites on society.
For some reason the channel 5 commentator kept referring to Mima Ito as Mima-chan. This is super inappropriate, unless he knows her personally.
For some reason, I always get motion sickness 15mins into a journey when I sit at the back of CDG taxis and now can't sit at the front too. The only reason why I still use Grab for their variety of vehicles.
For some SMEs, employers already have their lao jiao staff working from home. Only junior people have to go to office. And they have to travel by public transport all the time and eat in public places. What's with the 50% limit of workers at the workplace? Are some people's health less important than others? Do they deserve to have more exposure risk? With this kind of health advisory, employers, especially those from SMEs, will only do the bare minimum, and there will still be exposure risk for the remaining 50% who are travelling to and fro for work. To employers, if this 50% gets infected, it is their own problem. Because their key staff is protected and comfortably working from home. How is this situation fair?
For someone living in the west I'd love to move to SK and get the cockles of my heart warmed. p or s v thankful for TCB as well! Hypebeast ahgong
For special occassions or as a treat, your friend can get ART tested to dine in and enter malls for the day
For the $rd mother sons of b s over there, they serve the Cevapi. We serve the Kebapi.
for the island, id say the navy. considering common doctrine is that every front line airfield will be destroyed
For the programmers, somebody actually wrote a script for the rental process that searches 99co
For those criticising the commentary, try recording yourself commentating something you will realise you sound equally stupid
For those interested as to why TLDR Male individual with knife attacked a civilian, then police tried to arrest him and he used the knife to intimidate police, thus was shot in the arm and arrested.
For those who are comparing this to nazi Germany discrimination, I would like ask why or why not. Personally, I can agree that maybe this discrimination is unacceptable especially for those who are unvaccinated not by choice health issues , but I cannot for the life of me get behind comparing this to nazi germany.
For those who are making jokes please stop. This is not funny, someone just died and we should not be laughing at someone's death
for those who refuse to be vaccinated. This time you stay at home, not us. THIS
For those wondering what's Sri Aman it's a town in Sarawak, Malaysia bordering Kalimantan, Indonesia. It's one of the places that have been hit hardest with API levels reaching 400++ and visibility only 200m in recent days.
for what it is worth, this is a great restaurant. They treat you very well here, and the food is fantastic. They even serve Kvas!
for what it is worth, Wuhan has more people and like I said it wasn't wiped clean even first few days. I was watching livestream as well.
For what it's worth I've found that making a booking on the ComfortDelGro app comes out cheaper than via Grab. Some recent observations I had during a price surge, for a less than 10 minute ride CDG flat fare $11, Grab $20. Always vote with your wallet.
Forcefully temporarily close those companies or give them a warning if they still insist on getting mc
Foreign power invading vs internal civil conflict, neither is correct but not sanctioning against the Junta does not take away from speaking up against Russia.
Foreigner from here. How is it that Singapore, a very rich country with a technocratic government, hasn't managed to get people vaccinated yet?
Foreigners can rent HDB and if they are not super picky it's way way cheaper than SF
Foreigners do serve ns tho. My section had taiwanese,chinese and indian citizens. My sgt was filipino.
Foresight is 20 or 20, but Dave Cameron, his cabinet, and every Remainer and their mothers were rather confident of getting their cake and eating it. Not gonna debate internet trolls who insinuate that asking for a referendum on 377A to be equivalent to authoritarian China. Have fun with the redpill, careful you don't choke on it.
Former catholic here, the Morning prayer is a another excuse to get you to come early, plus they are praying to the air for good sunny weather.
Former employee here. If students don't go to class, class is cancelled problem solved. Also if you are hoping for upper management to make rational, sane decisions you're at the wrong school.
Fortunate that it happened at night with little to no pedestrians. I can only imagine the immense pressure on the police who had to shoot him accurately. It could have gone very wrong if he missed.
Fr, if he wasn't caught, they should look for him at some muaythai gyms, from the looks of it that guy has thrown 100s of elbows and knees before
Frankly id rather know the landlords preferences early on rather than deal with subtle and underhanded shit. That way I can steer clear of such close minded landlords before trouble brews. Tho still weird that is listed as Diversity Friendly. You just admitted to not wanting a specific group of people, definition of NOT diversity friendly. Same with those that put No Chinese or Only Malay. You do you, just let me keep away from your brand of discrimination, whatever brand it is.
Frankly speaking, I'd try to play bold and say that I'd jump to stop the incident. But at the same time, I'm not good at fighting. Like, although I lift heavy recreationally, and have sparred and fought in the ring once, I'm still extremely hesitant to interfere with the situation. Of course, having people to back me up while I approach him would help, but I'm not sure if I could stop the fight alone.
Frankly, after I Not Stupid which was pretty early in his filmmaking career , he has only made one good movie Where Got Ghost? . Looking at the list of movies, I didn't recognise about 95% of them.
Frankly, I suspect that while he wields the authority, he does not exercise it often in this case. The current situation is a bog standard rule by committee situation, where nobody wants to put their ass on the line one way or another. That is why instead of appointing one person in charge, there are 3, and the rules and regs are confusing and keep changing. You can't win a war by committee. I suspect that the general mindset is okay, you want to do that, go ahead, it's on your ass .
Fresh grad with a few months of work exp so far, should I bother applying to Europe or US?
Friendly reminder that this P2HA has already occurred 1 month ago back in the JEM and Westgate cases. So i guess this is gonna continue till the end of time until 1 We have mandatory vaccination requirements Those seniors who are unvaccinated would definitely not be vaccinated anytime soon 2 We choose to be endemic and understand the risks to be endemic people who are unvaccinated would undertake the risks involved Our government has no plan. I hate to say it, but whats gonna happen after this restriction? whats gonna happen after National Day? You cant just put restrictions with no end goal and expect people to continue following it till the end of time. people are just gonna get fatigued out.
From a neutral point of view, Putin's concern is legit. Remember the Cuban missile crisis? Americans have the Monroe doctrine. Pretty sure Russia have their own version too. India, the world's largest democracy, including China and UAE, abstained from a UN resolution condemning the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Strange isn't it considering China and India have an ongoing border conflict yet.
From a top jc also and had the same experience when working in banquet during the hols , the attitude towards me was just disgusting. Its how our society works. The elite look down on the weak. Its legit fucked up and its worse when people try to defend that there is no discrimination or social ranks in singapore fucking joke.
From a top JC too. I spent the summer before university working at Borders bookstore before it closed down - I'm getting old! There was a lady who tried to return a book that had clearly been read already, without a receipt. When I politely cited store policy, she screamed Stupid girl! Think about why you are working here instead of having a real job! At that time, I didn't care because I had already been accepted to a top UK university. But I always wonder how I would've felt if I didn't have the armour of a good education.
From Channel 8 News 8 Axe was purchased online. The secondary 4 student allegedly decided to randomly attack the first person who enters the toilet. The assailant and the victim were not known to each other. edit Please note that the phrase equals to tiagong or hearsay from those allegedly familiar with the matter. Even if its from a reputable source, don't take the news for now as 100% facts until the Police completes their investigations
From May 16 - so. tonight and tomorrow are gonna be jam-packed with people dining out, huh?
From my family's own experience, they use certain spices with smells or colours that permeate the walls and cabinets of the kitchen. Even deep cleaning and scrubbing can't remove the smell. Downvote all you want but it's not an isolated incident, there are many such cases not just in Singapore and it does make your property less attractive to the next tenant who may not enjoy such smells. Is it racist? Honestly yes but it's the easiest solution. This isn't to say that all East Asians are good tenants either. We rented out to PRCs who set up barrels of alcohol fermenting in the living room and lead to mould growing on the walls. End of the day you also want to preserve your property value
From my point of view, I think you encouraged this competition. If you had a point about some of the behaviour of Singaporean, you could have made it without comparing with Wuhan. What's the point of comparison? It only incite more shit throwing.
From now onwards, the censorship department will be investing on developing an auto-censorship bot for live events. I am being sarcastic
From one Malay to another, I feel you. Sick and tired of being expected to conform to the dumb Malay stereotype. Fuck that noise. I'll be who I damn well want to be, assholes.
From personal anecdotes, the number of people visiting GPs seemed to have surged in recent weeks. Queues are lengthening. Not trying to stir, but it is a concern if even the GPs are starting to operate close to their limit. Anyone has similar experience? Disclaimer it is purely anecdotal. It may not actually be so bad as a whole.
From Straits Time Getting help National Care Hotline 1800-202-6868 Mental well-being Fei Yue's Online Counselling Service eC2. Singapore Institute of Mental Health's Mental Health Helpline 6389-2222 Samaritans of Singapore 1800-221-4444 Silver Ribbon Singapore 6385-3714 Tinkle Friend 1800-274-4788 Counselling TOUCHline Counselling 1800-377-2252 Care Corner Counselling Centre 1800-353-5800
From Straits Times own Toh Ting Wei SINGAPORE - Workers infected with covid at Changi Airport had mainly been working in one zone that had received travellers from higher-risk countries, including South Asia.
From the article, there was a staff on board and I guess people went to inform the staff maybe
From the Wiki link in the other reply Diplomatic ties between the two countries officially began in 1990. On 3 October 1990, Singapore revised diplomatic relations from the Republic of China to the people's Republic of China.
From what I personally know, most are just pretending to be rich, you can achieve a modicum of success by being brutal but there's usually a lot of hidden opp costs that people don't see relationships, family etc
From what I read online about reservist, if you don't report sick during ICT you're already in the top 50% of reservists.
From your experience, assuming no surge period, how much is it more expensive compared to street hail?
From your other posts, you don't have any medical condition preventing you from being vaccinated. So go get the jab if you care about others.
front line airfields knocked out, mass rocket and artillery barrages in the city and logistics storemen and drivers being priority targets should be a wake up call to the realities of conventional warefare including all pes because personnel
Front What my mother says I look like. Back What my SO says I look like. Actual Colonel statue What I really look like.
Fuck all of you keyboard warriors keep asking why nobody go up help and stuff. If you are there, alone, in your weak ass body or fat as fuck body, you think you can go in and save the guy being wallop? Or are you going to be target no.2 being smacked left right center? Look at that lady walking away, nobody want to be attacked for no reason. Shaming the guy for filming is like scolding him for providing evidence which can be later used in court. Come on la.
fuck it, just come out and say we'll never fully open again, you'll have to wear masks indefinitely, still quarantine when travelling even if vaxxed, TraceForever to prove your vax status, still limit on group sizes, no nightlife , better then a false sense of seeing light at the end of an ever-increasing tunnel.
Fuck it. I will be fully vaccinated on 11th Nov. Got to tolerate this 1 month. Let's G.
fuck later unvaxxed kid with high viral loads infect their ahgong ahma y'all wanna kpkb government isit
fuck my life I had booked today, held it until this morning in case something like this came up. Canceled because it hadn't come out and now this shit. Back on the waitlist So 1 month on, 1 month off, 1 month on, and now 1 month off.
Fuck Putin, may the clown develop a dumpling-sized boil on his nose and on his arse. These people have done nothing wrong and are just trying to make a living. Not their fault that their leader is a fucking asshit. I hope their family in Ukraine stays safe. Will be going down to try their famed dumplings as a show of support.
fuck russia! war is terrible and atrocious. humanity needs much more morality. also expects merdeka generation 70 year old politicians to engage in combat
Fuck the people in the comment section trying to justify their own ignorance. You are speaking truth and are an empowered sixteen year old. As an adult Indian woman in Singapore, I'm proud of you! These micro aggressions are real and singapore's racism is insidious
Fuck the Singapore government. They haven't come up with a workable solution to the borders, or to wfh. We pay the price with restrictions to our social lives. Whilst countries like aus and New Zealand get to enjoy life restriction free, and those in the EU, UK and US have positive roadmaps in place for exiting covid, we get stuck with an inept group of politicians who can't get a fucking grip on what they're trying to achieve.
Fuck this shit. I cannot believe they have zero vision on how to return to normal.
Fuck this shit. what is the government doing to take care of citizens mental health? 3 murders this week. I doubt this is a coincidence. Everyone is suffering, the majority follows the rules and regulations and some assholes break it and now everyone is getting punished. Why didn't the government realise the ktvs were going to be an issue? They seem to miss out a lot of things migrant workers We are vaccinated. We have been patient and understanding for a whole fucking year for things to get better, yet obvious mistakes are constantly made. Enough is enough. What a waste of life.
Fucking hell, this is dumb. The Singpass app works fine why the fuck need to change aiyo
fucking insane how many comments here are defending racism You do know it's literally built into our system. Where people are suppose to dress up to match how they look for racial harmony day you know its a little nightmare.as people are condition to think of people within labels and boxers . If I turn up here on this island instead of anywhere else on the planet.you know something is super dark about this place If you get past the facade. Imagine.the closet or covert racism.it's so bad that literally Aliens are offended. What does one do, to attract literally ALIENS .? For all the wrong reasons. UFO reports - BBC Really it takes a special kind of racism.to attract multiply space faring civilisations and tick them off.
fucking pseudointellectuals can't be bothered to perform the barest modicum of research. and yes, these are not 1 1 equivalents of what we currently understand as being transgender but they illustrate the social construction of the gender binary.
fucking stupid just tell us that our vaccine supply is low if it really is. Why would they want to wait and leave the possibility of another outbreak on the table? Can't believe countries like US and UK already almost back to normal because everyone is vaccinated. All that international coverage of how Singapore is handling covid best really got to the government heads it seems.
Full offence but storytel salespeople are def gonna be at the gates of hell . I get ambushed everyday at Telok Ayer and always just walk past even though they always chase after me asking whether I'm going home what the fuck, what kind of question is that
Full video here I did the shortcut links for easy navigation. Scroll down to the first comment.
fulltime national serviceman and national serviceman arent even trusted with enough ammo to actually practice with their weapons properly. just hit the kpi and go
fun fact, in the 1977 A levels, opposition politician chen show mao was the top scorer, beating vivian and lui tuck yew who were in the same cohort as him.
fun fact, in the 1997 A levels, opposition politician chen show mao was the top scorer, beating vivian and lui tuck yew who were in the same cohort as him. I think you meant to say 1977. They were all born in 1961.
Funnily, many salespeople lie to themselves that this is a good reason. When it comes to sales, supply is always more than demand. If you want something, you can go find it yourself when you need it, especially things that have people marketing them on the streets like credit cards, insurance plans, etc.
funny how some animals like otters that look cute or adorable or etc can around stealing stuff and no one bats an eye . If some ugly or stray animal does this or whip out phone call AVA or town council complain
Funny how they refuse to just lockdown and decide to implement half fucked measures. Then waste time and money if shit hits the fence again and they decide to lockdown after that.
Funny thing is that I couldn't attend because, as a PR, they could easily revoke my PR status and deport me from somewhere I've lived for the majority of my life. Trans people shouldn't be living in fear of being deported because we want Ministry of Education to take us seriously.
furthermore the data is from 2016 and may not be representative of today with covid's impact and all
Furthermore, why were Indians exempt from 14 day quarantine? Eh when were they exempted from 14 day SHN?
Furthermore, why were Indians exempt from 14 day quarantine? fake news. people forget that fake news can spread when one makes a legitimate point and sprinkle such bullshit in this.
Gambling is a different issue because it has an economic dimension to it. I'm not saying that all government policies reflect the will of the people, I'm saying that for this it does. In a 2018 IPSOS survey, 55% of Singaporeans are for 377a and 18?% are against the repeal. Yes attitudes have become more Liberal over the years but the majority is still supporting 377a. What I'm saying is that if the majority of the population is calling for the repeal of 377a, do you really think the government will still not repeal it?
Gambling is a different issue because it has an economic dimension to it. What economic dimension is there for decriminalizing gambling at home against the wishes of the majority of Singaporeans? Could it be the government decided to do it because they understand that despite public misgivings, this law is antiquated and unenforceable anyway? What I'm saying is that if the majority of the population is calling for the repeal of 377a, do you really think the government will still not repeal it? The majority of Singaporeans think adultery is wrong. Why is it still legal? This line of apologia for the incumbents holds no water. 377a is not repealed simply because the government does not want to repeal it.
Gan Kim Yong is out of touch ? These whole bunch of ivory-tower dwelling asshole ministers are!
Gay culture is literally antithetical to monogamy . Van de Ven 1997 , a study on 2583 sexually active homosexuals found Only 15% of the men reported having fewer than 11 sex partners, 82% had over 50 sexual partners, nearly 50% had over 100 Encouraging people to destroy themselves by having 2-3x as much relationship abuse, significantly higher rates of alcoholism and drug-abuse, not to mention a 4000% higher chance to die from anal cancer, is the least loving thing one can do.
gdp tied to salary and it only goes up 9 out of 10 times. so pump it up!
Gee thanks government! I clap for you! Not only you cheebye during Hari Raya, it happens AGAIN this year. because'mon it's your fault for not restrict earlier.
Geez, Internet trolls or these people are too plain stupid to see that your nationality does not reflect the content of your character. Russian citizens suffered much under Putin and his bunch of oligarchs' rule. Even more so now when their economy is plunged into the abyss and not by their choice.
geh xiao no 1. literally anyone with eyes can see our healthcare systems are suffering, yet our dear ministers still talking cock day in day out.
Gender roles exist for a reason Er so what is the reason that women overwhelmingly do the house work? Do breasts help people sweep the floor or wash clothes better?
Gender roles exist for a reason, if that makes me transphobic then so be it. I do not think that the separation between a man and a woman can be blurred or even removed, solely based on what an individual might 'identify' as at a given time. Just because you identify as something you are not does not mean everyone has to affirm your beliefs. There is simply no such thing as a 'gender spectrum' or there being more than 2 genders. Anyone trying to peddle the lie that biological men can become women and vice versa or that there are more than 2 genders or a rainbow spectrum of genders to choose from like kids at a candy store, is selling utter bullshit. However, we might better be able to address the problem if we use the proper term for what these people are experiencing, Gender Dysphoria. This will allow us to sidestep all these dispute about 'human rights' against trans people, and actually help these people solve their issue. The first step is still, to admit that the problem exists, and not to push the blame on anyone for not conforming to your own perceived idea of gender.
generate enough negative public attention for them, which is what protests can do Good luck doing that in Singapore. The People's Action Party controls everything, even the media and can create a narrative that these protestors were criminals and whatnot, leaving out the pertinent details. And the apathetic pub lic will believe the People's Action Party's bullshit. suck thumb till the incumbent is voted out The only political party that is ideologically different from the People's Action Party and, I dunno, practically every other opposition political party , is the SDP, and even the SDP dropped the whole 377A Repeal thing from its platform. ANd, assuming the scuttlebutt is correct, they have a Muslim fundie in their ranks who calls LGBTs stains and other unflattering things. I have no faith in the election game working out for anyone other than the People's Action Party to the point where even my participation is considered to be support for the People's Action Party.
Genuinely curious do you think the rest od the world lives in some war torn crisis that they are battle ready?u think the Ukrainians are a bunch of bellicose veterans Like seriously , u think the likely invaders north and south of us are any more prepared for war? Don't short sell ur fellow Singaporean . Yes we look like characters from wall.e now, but when the real threat happens people will rise. As for ur 2nd point erm isnt our very well established military doctrine to strike first? We don't do delay and defend tactics.
Genuinely curious, what sort of company is this? Is it largely Singaporean dominated or in public sector? I've never had the school thing come up, largely cause I've worked in international companies. I didn't stick around public sector long enough to hear these comments though where I was, there were quite a few people from the usual RJ etc .
geopolitical relevance You see the geo in the word geopolitical ? Do we really need an explanation on why former USSR countries however poor they might be might have more of a stake in this than Singapore? Also, if your honest assessment of Japan's role in this is that they have little more than business relations to think about then this is not going to be a fruitful discussion. They literally have ongoing border disputes with Russia, not to mention their role as a close ally of the US.
Geopolitical You keep saying this word when you really.have no idea what it means. Again, this is not going to be a fruitful discussion so let's leave it at this.
Gerald one of the key people in the anti repeal movement Do you have a public source for this? Wearwhite Faisal was common knowledge but this is new to me
Germany throwing shade! If the Russian government actually cared about peace, they wouldn't be attacking Ukraine
Get married to someone opposite sex and build-to-order below age 35, then sell build-to-order for 1M , stonks. I am being sarcastic
Get the mother fuming nuts and lose her shit in front of the kid, then hope someone records the entire thing and makes it viral on fb. Win-win!
get your all lives matter bullshit out of here This isn't America. Who got killed here? Indians are not Africans. The name Black Lives Matter signals condemnation of the unjust killings of Black people by police Black people are far more likely to be killed by police in the United States than white people
Get your workforce to go back to office but not allowing the majority of them to even start getting vaccinated, what could go wrong?
Geylang Bahru family murders Their graves are just few rows down my grandmom's grave. it's always eerie to see it it's well-maintained and imagine what kind of crazy person you have to be to be doing this kind of thing
Gina, plis use ang moh accent to make them poh your lampah. Your England more powder than them, they Lau kui have to be nice because you more elitist than them. Liddat they no words to chut pattern.
Girls can't even tell lab grown diamond Vs real ones just get those lab grown at the fraction of a price will do
Give less information so they know minimum and not enough details to tell the press anything. It is call media control which is very common thing to do when such crime happens.
Given that it is the school holidays soon, and dine-in is not allowed, more people will congregate in malls, attractions and libraries whenever they can. Even if these places have limits, outdoor areas like parks and shared spaces will also see more people congregating as well, further increasing the risk and spread of the new and more contagious variant. The government doesn't want a full cheebye because enacting that would be tantamount to an admission that they have obviously failed in their covid governance, when most countries in the world are opening up again. The end result? If people continue to congregate outside because they think still can have 2 people or eh these places not closed what , we are going to see even more cases and further restrictions back to cheebye level.
Given that unvaccinated people are more likely to be seriously ill, even 15% unvaccinated can potentially produce enough seriously ill people to overrun the system. This is not yet taking into account the lower rate of seriously ill fr vaccinated people. So yes. 15% can be serious bisness
Given the amount of trade Taiwan does, especially in semiconductors, quite likely. But it will have to depend on how Russia turns out. A tiny island shouting loudly at two active superpowers on a warpath is kinda risky.
giving children permission to permanently and irrevocably alter their sex organs and or or brain chemistry while they are a developing, probably confused child No one is doing that. Is society making exceptions for people who are aware enough of themselves that they want a sex change, while also telling those same people they are not legally eligible to have engage in, or even watch the act of sex? Are you saying that anyone who knows what their gender is is old enough to consent to sex? Because that's a lot of 4 year olds.
Glad my own workplace just says sending a screenshot of the self test kit is enough Getting an MC for covid can be kinda tough due to how packed the clinics can be
Glad that you managed to get them to do a refund! Next time if any sales person tries to stop you, just shake your head and walk away, do not stop. From what I've heard from an insurance agent, they are not supposed to block and corner you. And for shops that try to give you a small plastic bag or samples, do not stretch out your hand, some will pull you into their shop and start putting all sorts of stuff on you. I've saw a shop squeezed some soap on a girl's hand and pulled her into the shop to wash it off. It's a trap.
Glad the comments aren't about coming together to cry and pity ourselves. Sure, our costs of living is high and naturally we get tired of the grind sometimes, but our sense of fulfilment can come elsewhere not just from having a lavish wedding or a huge house.
glad this clown got voted out. The other clowns should also be reminded that we, the people, are the masters and they exist to serve the people.
Glad we are on the same page then. because your original comment definitely led to a lot of misunderstanding.
Glory to Ukraine! We voted for joker and got a leader, while others voted for a leader and got a joker! Yeah OP's fed to the brim with international media and its bs. How I wish my leaders were like theirs
Go back camp endorse MC Spread to whole camp Congrats you just played yourself.
Go watch the other video. Its very clear, the Tan See Leng didn't switch off the mic, on several occasion. If the mic is off, the red light will not be lit.
God could perform a miracle in full view of their eyes and they would still reject it because it doesn't conform to their extremely narrow views.
God is everywhere, but I need to go to a particular place at a particular to worship him? Smh
God told me that if a man touches another man's pee pee, he will reset that man's cpf balance to zero every year for the rest of his life. Source If thou touchest a man's peepee, I shall raze thine cpf balance and render it empty annually. Vengance is mine, saith the Lord. People's Action Partyians 1 36
God, this is why the civil sector is so bloody inefficient and incompetent. Too hung up on what they were before which schools they entered, how well they did in school instead of focusing on the now how they work in the office .
Goes to show even if we pay millions to our ministers, money just can't buy class.
Going against the government narrative? This page is gonna get Pofma and OP will be ask to Lim kopi soon I am being sarcastic
Going back further, how about his YOG debacle? I bust out laughing when Chee Soon Juan nailed the little fucker for this one in the pre-election debate.
Going to get stoned to death for this comment, but seriously need to consider conscripting female citizen to serve NS. We're just a small island, but we're really over crowded, and 40% of population here are foreigners. Hence, the way the ministries are cushioning covid fear that it's really not as bad as we think, and the ratio of 1 12 will increase as they're really exhausted, a lot very tired, very stresses and depressed already.
Gojek giving free rides to the centres, various food outlets offering free food if you show then you got the jab and more as example.
Golden orb weaver. The big ones have been known to eat small birds and reptiles. Happy to see at least a few of them get this big in Singapore. How large was the web? Their webs are known to be massive and made of the strongest known naturally occuring material. Incredible animal.
Gone are the days when journalists could ask Lee Kuan Yew his thoughts on an issue and we'd get a clear, definitive answer, even if we did not like it.
Gong xi gong xi. Brothers and sisters at Aljunied and Hougang are not lonely anymore! They have gained a new sibling! So envious of you all there right now.
Good for them but why would they be entitled to citizenships amongst the countless other hardworking migrants?
good for ya dude in contributing to the covid effort. I actually belong to the can't be bothered group unless it affects me or interest me in the moment like your question. One thing I observed although I might be wrong and this would need more research and analysis to backup, but when our governemnt implement a policy or law, we are extremely slow at changing it. Think chewing gum, death penalty and some of the more archaic laws like bj. anyway because of the way our government works there might be information not available to the public that makes it seems like some policies are no longer relevant but who knows behind the scene it might matter.
Good for you and all you are doing. Thank you for your service it must be a really difficult and isolating time for you, but know that you are absolutely, 100% appreciated.
Good God the MC culture here is so dumb and such a waste of time and resources and frankly probably results in more time taken off. What doctor is going to hesitate to give you 5+ day MC if you ask, when maybe you only need 1-2 days in reality talking about non covid cases here ? If company insists on MC, doctors should be entitled to charge the company to produce one. That would solve the problem pretty quick I reckon.
Good grades don't necessarily make a good person. This only goes to show what these 'elite' parents value in their child's upbringing. Anyway, it's an incisive piece. Kudos OP.
Good job! Kudos for being so independent at such a young age. Though I understand your parents were toxic, but at least you were lucky that they were able to afford to support you when you were a minor.
Good job. Keep overloading the medical system. To all medical staff, it is little for me to say but your overtime in fighting his pandemic have my respect. Keep going! Thank you.
Good job. Too bad my father is an idiot and believes that the government will punish him for voting against them he's not working so how exactly they will punish them is unknown so he went and spoilt his vote. or
Good luck! And it's good to have a demo to let people try it out. I much prefer that over early access, because the latter is such free QA or beta that had been rebranded somehow.
good move but how they going to regulate this rule at coffeeshops? hawker centres i can understand because got staff watching but coffeeshop how?
Good news for you then. Hougang and Aljunied also improved tremendously over the past 10 years. They are WP's constituencies. more so in recent years and having seen and interacted with Dr Lam Pin Min throughout my short life It's a happy thing that you have a likeable MP. But may I remind you of Prof Jamus Lim's closing speech. If you believe that we succeed only if we have sound and rational debate, . ? We are not just voting for the past success of Sengkang, we are also voting for the future success of Singapore. Perhaps you can point me to some of the sound and rational parliament debates from Dr Lam Pin Min. I certainly will like to hear more debates from Prof Jamus Lim in our parliament.
Good news is you get to choose how you live your life. There are lots of choices. I'm almost 40. My friends are mostly married with kids. Some married no kids by choice or by health reasons . Some single no kids, like me. Each has pros and cons. So you pick your adventure. Married with kids - seeing or raising mini-mes is fulfilling for some parents - learn new skills like how to multi task, how to manage different kinds of a personalities. A very maturing experience. More empathetic to their own parents and they see their own childhood in new perspective. - extremely tiring from how to handle new born, to preschool or primary sch planning, etc. - financially taxing, won't retire soon - their life revolves around kids - might be good or bad for marriage, depending how they handle it married no kids - have a lot more free time and money so they are more fun to hang out with. - They also look or behave younger like when we were in our 20s - they tend to have more hobbies - more work or career oriented. They can take overseas assignments and or or travel for work more easily. - husband and wife seem to lead more separate, but happily married lives have their own friends and hobbies . - financially more flexible and also look forward to retiring earlier - for those who wanted but couldn't have kids, I think they genuinely feel sad that there's a gap in their lives. Some will occupy that with nieces or nephews or god children of their good friends. Some occupy it with pets. I'm not sure if they get over it, but they do learn to adjust. Single no kids - similar to married no kids, but with even more free time and financial flexibility. Can retire earlier. - career driven, location flexible - will feel left out especially during 20 or 30s when the others are getting married, then having kids. You'll feel a noticeable divergence in your friends and your lives. - some singles will tag along the married folks eg weekends or holiday travels but you'll feel quite out of place. Esp once they have kids. - you'll need to have or find friends, usually those without kids also, to socialise. - need to make the effort to build your own identity since we're not a spouse or parent . That might mean having pets, being more active in a social group or community eg church, hobby, volunteer group, mentor to students, sports - the world is your oyster. I know of a guy who loves running marathons. He's based in Switzerland and running the mountains now. Another guy is in Japan learning their culture, doing walking tours and building an app about it. Another retired in his late 30s and is just enjoying the slow, gentle life. So take the chance to ask yourself what works best for you. As for climate change and the increasingly long working hours with rising costs or inequality, I suggest finding out more about DEGROWTH. It proposes a viable economic alternative that I found really inspiring and hopeful. I recommend this book - Less is More. How Degrowth Will Save The World, by Jason Hickel.
Good on you. I wish you the very best on your endeavour. The last I heard, Thailand only requires USD100K in the bank untouched to get a residency. Not sure how true. Haven't done my due diligence yet. I'm also looking at Thailand as the barrier of entry is more achievable for me. I'm also looking at Oz as I've got a relative there. However, my skillet is not highly sought after there. I'll probably have to go through business or investor route where I'll need to invest a few million cash there.
Good one. Some of us compare this to 2003 - Iraq. I was working the UK then and most of the people there were against the invasion of Iraq. I was deeply disgusted when our Singapore then UN ambassador said something like if Iraq continues to deny entry to weapons inspector, the invasion may be justified. But I think this time, we did right and I acknowledge that. I also want to acknowledge the many people in that give credit where it is due.
Good point but some things are inaccurate. Firstly, Teh Cheang Wan. And he was not Mr HDB. That is Mr Lim Kim San. Lim Kim San volunteered to be the first HDB Chairman. He worked for 3 years without pay. He made the HDBs that we know of. Not some corrupt prick.
Good point, I've added it in. Thought I did, but I missed it out. Thanks for quoting your numbers too.
Good point. Won't be surprised if there're little green men blending in with the plants outside the shop next to it.
Good points, just to note that average live expectancy in Singapore is 83, so most will not have met their maker by the age of 70. Also a wedding ceremony is completely optional. Post also talks about filling up OA retirement sum, but this doesn't take into account any savings you have outside of the cpf. cpf is only 20% of everything you've ever earned if you don't top up and is meant to allow you to survive to old age if you have nothing else. If you have nothing else other than what's in your cpf, I'd say you have other concerns
good post. however lack of munitions quite telling of what? that they're a developing country?
Good Samaritan laws wouldn't have helped. Bystanders didn't intervene because they didn't want to get hit either, not because they feared incurring legal liabilities in the course of helping.
Good thing that neither you nor I would probably be around to see who's right, ey? I do not know man you seem to have a serious case of sour grapes. Take a chill pill and go faff around Big Ben or whatever it is that you do there
Good thing this was on video, with the MRT background audio mentioning Rochor and CCTVs all around, finding and arresting this attacker would be relatively easier than most cases.
Good thing we don't let other people decide what kind of treatments you can or cannot take. Why would an uninformed public, one that's not screened for transphobia, be a better arbiter than objective studies or data?
Good to know. Moderate young Bruneians should gtfo in the foreseeable future. What do you think will happen when oil and gas runs out and people can't suckle on the teat of the government anymore? I'd bet they'll start to play up religious zeal again to keep the populace compliant.
Good, a government that does not have freedom of speech and does not protect minorities is not my government.
Good. Should have done this earlier. Unfortunate for those who have real medical reasons, but those compromises can be worked out further down the line
gosh and Poutine just ordered his nuclear deterrence forces on special regime of duty .
Gosh, I wish those devices would switch to mute mode every time seniors board a bus or train. Some of them are so inconsiderate
got awoken at 930am thought I was just having poor sleep quality turns out it's a tremor
Got caught twice by these people in Temasek polytechnic despite having already left the church. Proceeded to demolish them with my own knowledge of the bible. Goes to show how many of them are actual Christians and those whore are just part of a cult like Kong Hee's
Got crazy christans too. Think it is more of an individual issue via the holier than you attitude. But the institution encouraging this behavior doesnt help too. This is why i am more aligned to the satanic temple.
Got downvoted to hell few days ago by suggesting that vaccinations will not be enough if government and people are sensitive to hundreds of cases millions of people will remain unvaccinated even with 75% population fully vaccinated . Unless something changes forcing vaccines or accepting high case numbers , we are not getting out of this cycle.
Got into the final four with World No. 1, 2 and 3. Not to mention she managed to win the first set in the bronze match against World No. 3. She did us proud!
Got money to pay up to $900 million over 5 years for 160, but no money to pay healthcare worker.
Got slashing incident in one of the ITE's before. Also during hock lee riots lots of student-communists were involved. Unverified folklore says St Andrew's school had a lot of in-school fighting and rioting.apparently that school has boxing as CCA and known to be scummy school among all missionary schools.
Got to wonder how the variants of concern managed to slip past the checks which the ruling party said were adequate and sufficient while still letting people in from countries which are facing case explosions or being loopholed by people from the country with case explosions . But hey the ruling party can do no wrong. Employers can also do no wrong. Guess we who are not in either of the previously mentioned group gotta suffer for whatever those two groups failed to catch and rectify. Thank you because lvin Ch ng for suggesting that the borders should remain open while social activities within the border be curtailed even more. Well, it seems like it already is. Happy? Keep licking that teat or balls or stick, I sure hope it does not run out of the good stuff you are enjoying. So much for being a good citizen, when this is the 'reward'. Really incentivises good behaviour.
Got vaccinated last week and raring to go back to the gym on Friday. Rip
Got wrapped up with these people once. It didn't go near to how this went, although I'm very grateful for the heads up on what more can they do to anyone. Gotta stay vigilant, guys.
Gotta make an example of them. If they get away with it , then others will follow. government sees any form of protest as a slippery slope.
Gotta wayang and imply that locals are to blame. When it comes to borders, zero peep from them.
government always uses guidelines because they're too much of a pussy to anger companies with actual worker protection
government ban all flights and charter flights solely for Singaporeans and PRs. We did this for Singaporeans and PRs in China, we did this for Singaporeans and PRs in other countries
Government Conscription needs to be so long because we are so small, so we need a lot of people. national serviceman How about conscripting women too? Government That's too many people
government did back it up. Well, it should be pretty obvious they can cherry-pick their visit or infection datapoints to only target optional interactions like restaurants or cinemas or malls etc. Public transport is the backbone of most bussiness in Singapore, they have a strong vested interest in not correlating it to infections. As the famous addage goes data will confess anything if you torture it enough . Somewhat relevant You can probably get Paul Tambyah to argue for your case. See if anyone suggests banning of public transport for unvaccinated. I'm not suggesting a policy one-way or the other. Just saying that it's incredibly unlikely that malls are a higher risk profile than public transport.
Government fucks up and takes it out on the population again. No changes for workplaces obviously, but everyone else gets fucked. Everyone who said during raya last year lock down this year to celebrate next year was a fucking liar. Fuck this shit
Government has already set protocols to encourage people to stay home and heal if symptoms aren't harsh. There's really nothing much to do now except to tide over this wave and hope these healthcare workers come out with their sanity intact. Are you kidding me? If you can fearmonger, you can do the opposite. Government ACTION has to show that covid is not a death sentence. Remove the SDAs, remove trace together, remove outdoor masking, remove all this security theater that serves no purpose in actually reducing the spread of the disease. As long as all these things exist, people will continue to fear covid just as much, because actions speak louder than words. Focus all efforts on things that DO help. Vaccination, reducing the paperwork workload of healthcare workers, and heavily disencouraging people from going to the ER unless they really need it.
government is delusional. His success at covid response is ownself praise ownself. I have only heard trash talk about him esp regarding the outbreak in the workers dorm. Alot of it is from practicing doctors. I heard that the guideline to GP at the start of the pandemic is that they cannot call down CDC unless the patients are presenting symptoms. When he said that Ministry of Manpower was just following doctor advise for not testing workers he threw all of them under the bus.
Government needs to be robust, set up a whistleblower hotline, and name and shame these businesses. Major fines for repeat offenders. Problem solved.
government should set up a make-shift mall for the unvax - the only shop is a vaccination facility
Grab deliveries have the most exorbitant prices. Deliveroo is so much cheaper if available in your area .
Grab gives off evil vibes now but remember when CDL was the arrogant rich boomer that couldn't care less about its service model. Bottomline competition is good, monopolies are bad.
Grab is still the worst of the delivery services because of how expensive they are. They used to have a niche in long-distance deliveries but the others have gotten into that now and are offering better prices. Deliveroo especially is providing really cheap delivery fees.
Grab needs to be more sincere about helping its driver-partners! Biz is so bad already now they up the price who is going to take Grab? I'm gonna turn back to gojek or tada or ryde
Grab needs to pump up their valuation for US listing - making their owners billionaires at your expense. Better to support local.
Grab recently announced $1 fare hike to better support drivers . The extra $1 does not go to the drivers .
Grab wanna increase fare can, just outright say wanna increase their profits. But they gave some cock reason to make it seem like they're being all noble and great.
Grab You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
Grab's food delivery prices are going up too. The commissions are way too high and costs are being passed to customers and restaurants. Please sign this petition for lower commissions and prices
Graduated a decade ago. One of the earlier IP batches. Morning assemblies were about keeping up the school's reputation, those with bad grades were deemed failures and encouraged to take o levels and leave. Glad to say that my friends who did that are doing well today, if not better than my peers who continued with IP. Was lucky to go through the regime under Koh Yong Chiah, who was an arrogant prick.
Grams dead, but to be honest it could have turned out really ugly because she was diagnosed with Alzheimer's and late stage breast cancer. And she was a really prideful independent woman too. So in a way her abruptly leaving peacefully shortly after the fall could be the better of the two evils. She would have hated to see herself living with an Alzheimer's addled brain and chemo. I really wish all yous healthcare workers the best, though honestly if yall quit for the sake of mental health and loved ones I would not blame you guys even for a second. God speed and there's at least one person thinking about yall today.
Grateful for all healthcare workers. Your courage and perseverance are what set common people apart. I am not a healthcare worker, I'm already stressed out worrying about everyone in my family because I love them too much. I have hyperthyroidism and is highly strung and panic easily and fear is getting the better of me. Even going to hospital for my blood tests, scares me for fear of bringing the virus back. I can imagine how each healthcare workers must be feeling with the building pressure that things will worsen before it gets better. Concerns for all your families aren't lesser than mine and yet you guys never let courage falter. For everyone that think that's just your job, know that there are many who feel we can't ever hold a candle to what you guys are doing for us. Stay strong!
Great deflection there. Singapore is racist, find me a rental ad in Australia that says No Indians . You can't. It's illegal. Own it, don't just point at someone else and say well he's worse . that's as weak a response as you will ever find
Great idea, if one doesnt have kids, donate more and ensure they donate in their estates in a will. Else it will be channeled back into something by the government.
Great shot! I would've thought this was from the MBS infinity pool, though I see below it wasn't. I'm jealous, I wish I'd thought of doing one from further back. I did a few from the pool while there on honeymoon this one is my favourite but did it right from the edge. Didn't think to go further back and get the water included. Though, thinking about it, the MBS pool is so crammed going further back would've probably just got 200 tourists in the shot.
Great that you've observed it, reflected on it, and expressed it so well. Feel free to PM me when you're ready for a job, part time or full time.
Gritted my teeth, agreed to visit my parents weekly and allow my parents to continue abusing me from afar . Got the police and MSF involved, and eventually, pressured them into paying since I was so young. How old were you when you left home? Did you eventually go back to school? Sometimes, my dad would refuse to pay the rent. I supported myself with a mixture of side jobs during school and stealing food.
Growing up, I never really knew what was wrong with me and thought I was broken for feeling pain and sadness from not being born a girl. I suffered for many years, constantly having suicide ideation because I felt hopeless, broken, and wrong. All of this could have been stopped early if I had learned about gender dysphoria early and transitioned early. But like all LGBTQ subjects, they are taboo and information was difficult to find. Ministry of Education's policy is going to hurt a lot of LGBTQ students. By denying information and making it appear to be wrong, the students learn that a part of them is wrong, broken, and has to be fixed. That we are nothing more than sick people who will not have a stable family.
grown ass old men talking shit like secondary school mean girls, what a small minded and unprofessional toxic culture in the clique, imagine what they think of you and your kids behind closed doors
GST increase it's a tough and unpopular decision but we will push it nonetheless Repeal of 377A the people are not ready
guerilla warfare is still effective with infantry, just hide in residential buildings in an urban area so they can't bomb you out in the open. Of course, if the enemies decides to bomb residential buildings anyway, then gg lul.
Guess we throwing the endemic around like it doesnt mean somthing huh. Can we just force the elderly to get vaccinated. Enough of this bs man. Like if you think you gonna die from covid, pls take the vacckne
Guess where the imported cases are from? Everyday we are importing cases of transits originating from india and having a stopover of 14 days elsewhere. If the 14 days work, why do we have such high daily import cases? Have you stopped to think? Where are the imported cases going? They are crowding our medical facilities potentially infecting the staff.
Guess who is firing the Javelin or doing the street battles. Infantry is always important to hold the ground, clear urban areas. A flattened urban area is easy for infantry to cause alot of damage. Go ask the Americans and why they focus more on urban warfare with infantry during their time in Iraq
Guess you could say she's transethnic . Identity crisis is a real struggle for those who leave their religion. Anyway, best is to tough it out and keep it a secret until you're financially independent. This is what I always tell young atheists. My mom knows but thankfully I still have a roof over my head and she doesn't treat me differently.
Guilt rarely listens to logic, that's why survivor guilt exists. You could do nothing wrong and spend the rest of your life hating yourself for things that were beyond your control.
Guys as much as we praise Jamus and his terrific closing statement. Let's not just let internet comments build up. Remember, action is still required. Come polling day, take the necessary steps to help this country move forward. People's Action Party will likely still win and have mandate but ultimately, we need to ensure they do not sit in their laurels and relax in this ivory towers. Action speak louder than words. Citizens living in GRCs or SMCs that has solid opposition like WP, please vote wisely and dent the incumbent a blank cheque!
guys im the best parent in the world because my demon child got 4324234 points in an exam!
Guys it's all good, we don't have to worry about the treatment of migrant workers anymore cause just said they got a letter.
Guys let's be real la when you see someone get hammered like that you are not going to go 'stop' him by yourself. Like many others have pointed out, this guy knows what he's doing. Ya'll be acting like you would go stop the attacker. Don't be making clown comments. edit downvoters, go fuck yourself. Easy to downvote and comment shit like 'oh why no one help' but I can guarantee most of you will just sit tf down or walk away.
GUYS NEXT GE CAN WE TREND MORE HASHTAGS SO CNA CAN PUT IT UP cockleswarmed jamusoppa simpforseah
Guys please remember, there are many russians out there as much against the war as everyone else on earth, the only asshole who still for sure wants this war is putin
Guys, if you or someone you know has the pic of the body or incident, please do not share it. Tell the person to delete the images and not share it. Respect the dead. Respect the family. You would not want pics of your sister or brother spreading around would you.
Gyms allow masks to be removed during exercise. So all you need is 1 kena the India variant and that's it, everyone else inside kena the variant also and all can spread like wildfire liao. P.S. I am a gym rat too, but sadly agree with the need to close down public gyms.
Gyms closed but weddings of more than 100 people are still allowed.these policies make absolutely no sense
Gyms with 10-20 people? Shut it down too risky. Religious gathering with 100 people untested? What could go wrong!
Had a close university mate who tried to proselytise me gently. When the saga broke, defended it by saying Don't you think it the China wine part was a great idea? We haven't spoken since.
Had always thought it'd be used for severe incidents. Like for example bombs or something. Besides, wouldn't it be better to press the button nearer to the station - faster for cops to travel to, and more difficult for dude to just run out of the train
Had an indian friend once, we went to Mumbai together. We were out one day and a local was speaking to him and he was visibly upset afterwards. He then told me that the local was asking where he was from, to which he replied he was singaporean. The local then insulted him and said only stupid people from the north wouldnt know their roots etc. I was utterly disgusted. Have other indian friends say they avoid indian expats, many times they would be questioned what caste they belonged to and treated accordingly. That the caste system is still alive over there shocks me.
Had the same thoughts as OP. Bringing up a kid costs about 200k to 1 million. Imagine having 2-3 kids, and if they can't make it to a local university, you have to allocate even more funds for them to go overseas to study. It's financially not feasible with the current cost of living and expenses and property prices. Can we expect property prices to drop back to what it was in 2000-2005? It won't be possible, the government won't allow it and of course those living in landed and freehold properties won't allow it. So, we are stuck in this current state with a bleak future IMHO.
Had to sort by controversy to see this. I get OP POV and he's not wrong. Even myself, I would fall for OP thinking. I am not a father nor do I have many friends with children, married yes. Personally, I find that people try to create this perfect or high-income environment for their kids. My view is that when you want to have kids, at least have a retirement plan up and you can raise your child responsibly. I know OP your life is not perfect and I empathise with you. I was also brought into a working-class family where my parents don't have personal insurance or retirement saved up. However, I am not gonna run from this challenge and take this opportunity to give my parents a safe place to rest. Anyway I rather live in Singapore than other country.
Half a crayon is worthed more when other kids wants to get their hands on crayons. Including transfer students from 'other schools'
Halimah backflips off of a tank while throwing an axe straight into an enemy soldier's skull then lands in the Black Widow position Halimah did you say something, ?
Halimah probably no, Lee Hsien Loong, maybe, but in a bunker, and he'll siam when it gets too bad.
Hand up, palm out, shake head, no, and keep on walking. There is absolutely nothing being hawked outside an MRT that is worth either your time or your money.
Handholding, or suspected bgr called to principal's office, student body assembled in the hall for a briefing, all female students have a private briefing session with teacher or councillor. Also no handphones. I remember classmates taping the handphones onto the ceiling fans, under the desks, or stuffing it inside the air conditioning unit. Was a little funny if you think back about it.
Hang in there OP, it does feel like conversations about racism in Singapore are still in its infancy and so we're still faced with a lot of defensiveness, a lot of deflection etc. I'm so sorry for all that you've had to experience and swallow for the sake of lessening discomfort for the majority, which really isn't fair to you and yours. I hope a lot of the comments here have helped you feel validated in your experiences in the very least. Hopefully more local Chinese step up to educate our own people to take responsibility for the grievances we've caused as a whole rather than blame a few bad apples.
Hang in there. And please send my best wishes to your wife and all her fellow doctors and nurses.
Hang in there. Hope this all pass soon. I will pray for you and your fellow. Stay strong
Hanks! Yours is easy on the eyes too. Clean and smooth gradients, nice and straight composure of the skyline
happy that Jamus got in. but why was the victory margin so narrrow? I thought there was alot of hype with his cockles.
Happy to! This article is a good start. Some choice excerpts Physical and mental Abuse Of the 176 respondents, 77.3 per cent indicated that they have been on the receiving end of verbal and physical abuse from patients. Other junior doctors have also faced physical and sexual threats. One shared that a patient peed on me deliberately , and another had to fend off a patient who tried to kiss me while I was on call. Absurd working hours Imagine being on a 30-hour shift from Monday morning to Tuesday afternoon. Coming back to work for a full shift on Wednesday, and repeating this 30-hour cycle from Thursday to Friday. I remember having to work for 21 days in a row, and being so constantly tired it affected me both physically and mentally. With an ironic laugh, Dr Tan describes an episode when the only way he had managed to get any rest was to pass out from exhaustion The longest stretch I had was 28 days. I had to work both Saturday and Sundays, with my hours being from 5am to 5pm the next day, with no break. The only break that happened was when I collapsed while typing during the morning rounds Hospital admins tell them to lie Dr Paul, recalls, MOHH got PGY1s post-graduate year ones to log in our weekly working hours some of us were later told by our HODs heads of department to readjust their hours, as it had exceeded the '65-70h or week' threshold. In fact, Dr Barry, a fourth-year resident who previously worked in the National Healthcare System in England, shares that Singapore's system often results in doctors simply not logging the actual hours they work. This had consequences on those who did accurately reflect the hours they worked, as it then gets perceived as an issue of personal inefficiency. In his first and second year, he was told, 'You're not resilient enough. You're not efficient enough.' Senior doctors treat them like shit. Most seniors and doctors in upper management often retort that it was worse back in their time when given suggestions on how to improve things. Dr And for all this, they are paid less than Amazon workers in the US The junior doctor interviewed by Rice Media candidly shared about the moment he realised that he earned less than a staff member running a bubble tea shop. Drs Terry, Chan, Lim and Barry all agree that they would appreciate receiving a higher salary for the amount of work that they do. Most of them voice that it would help if their pay was increased from $15 to $18 or hr, which would help to cover the cost of living comfortably, and pay off their student debt.
Hard for me to explain but I did recently come across a comment which does explain far better than I can. Because diversity isn't just about surface-level arbitraries like race and gender? It's about diversity of thought.
Hard truth Passion is a dirty word which is used by employers and people with power in Singapore to milk people of their labour. Happens all the time to artists, entrepreneurs, etc
Hard Truth Singapore is not Ukraine. Singapore is Russia. We'll be the one attacking with undertrained conscripts and reservists who have very little idea what they're doing, and much less ready to kill.
Has anyone actually been charged with 377A in recent years? Or is this something to make people think that they're changing
Has anyone actually ever been told no chinese , or is that just something you say in the comment section to soften the blow of discriminatory housing practices in your country?
has anyone actually tried the comfort ride taxi and car? did a non taxi pick you up?
Has anyone tried zig? It's an app by comfort. I honestly don't know why comfort will spend resources on building two apps. Both app have really good reviews. However, zig has an ongoing $3 off promo.
has been around forever. i know that and im not young, . exactly how ancient are you, .
Has it occured to you that not everyone can come back at will? Do you have any idea how hard it is to organise a single time slot for everyone who needs to come back?
has Singapore always been this racist? Yes edit OP having read your whole post, search the web and you'll find a swathe of Indian-American girls who have internalized their self-hatred and desperation to fit in to the general post-war USA weltanschauung to the extent that they won't even use their own name, Swastika . Think carefully, and try not to end up that way! Whatever you needed to do in primary school to survive, you might not need to do now. Embrace your own identity and be proud of it. The base contract of society is just to be civil in our daily lives where possible. Fulfil this and you don't need to do anything further based on what other people think, or worse, what you imagine they might think.
Has the full on Sharia mode been implemented? Have you guys started stoning gays already? And what do young Bruneians think of it? Seems like your sultan's idea of post oil plan is to double down on Arabisation
Has the government ever listened to any online calls? Most of the time I see is that they acknowledge and ignore or say this might be a you situation, not indicative of the entire population. Might sound out of touch but just leave , when in crisis mode then they'll have a knee-jerk reaction. Afterwards then come back What do they get for staying? Tremendous stress, some salary and personal pride
Has the govnt not made it extra crystal clear that the feelings of religious anything, including the existence of lgbts? Church can petition the govnt to make an exception to the VDS for the unvaxxed religious because they QQ so hard when not physically in church and actually succeeded in making the govnt bend over for them.
Hate ads but I'd deal with them as support for the channels I like. Youtube splits 55% of ad revenue to creators.
Hate to break it to you but India's covid cases have been high for way longer than two weeks. I had a Filipino colleague who resigned to return to their homeland and see their ailing parent. Was your friend as prepared to go back? Get it through your skull that the 400,000 figure is underreported and that carriers can be asymtptomatic. To demand for a return journey under these conditions reeks off entitlement and in your own words, makes one a POS.
Hate to break this to you, but Chinese cooking smells equally strong, as does a lot of Asian cuisines. The whole thing is nonsense.
Hating a Russian food place would be like hating Chinese restaurants because of China or a burger cafe because of the US
Have a friend from CHC, when Kong Hee was released, he posted about it and there were cheers when he came out on stage.
have always assumed it's to force the train to do a full stop After pressing the button, communications will be established between you and the staff through the intercom. Describe the situation, and in most cases, the emergencies would not stop the train, medical emergencies would require the train to be at the next station than stationary in the tracks. Paramedics, police, transport patrols can be dispatched to that specific station easily. Emergency buttons are essential to get help almost immediately or have help waiting.
Have friends that are lgbtq. Never felt that they were in anyways unequal to me. Some , I even look up to in many areas of life. Don't really need a paper documentation to justify a persons worth la to be honest
Have more kids so they can take care of you when you're older Kids grew up to be char siu.
Have to say that grab is really becoming a money grubber. They are close to not hiding it already Takes all of us choosing better platforms to take them down a notch
Have very similar experiences. I have been from a ' ' ever since primary school and have started working in banquets after Os around 2 years ago and about to finish As. The attitudes of people turn a 180 from when their assumptions of you are just of a banquet server and once they realised you're from certain particular schools. But seeing more and more people around our age speaking up about it, I don't think this will be such a big problem for the next generation of parents.
Have you heard of conversion therapy? people there do exactly that, attempt to force homosexual people to turn straight And? What's your point? The tag of healthy heterosexual marriage implies that anything other than heterosexuality is unhealthy. That is the issue. Do you see the word marriage in healthy heterosexual marriage or it's just me? Healthy marriage is between people of opposite gender. Nobody tries to judge sexuality.
have you seen before how many CCTV there are on the MRT as well as the station itself?
Have you seen some of these SDAs ? I really doubt they could handle the admin side of things.
Have you stopped to think? If the 14 days work, why do we have such high daily import cases? 14 days does not stop import cases. Unless you mean community cases that originate from import cases. Only pre-departure testing helps to reduce import cases.
Have you thought about what if you were the one barred from returning home, as a Singapore citizen or PR?
Have you uhhhh read the past history of Ukraine? And I mean really recent history, like XXI history
Haven't heard the communist joke in a while now . Did you do animal farm for e.lit? You're probably from a junior batch though. In any case outliers will be outliers, but scrutinised sounds scary. I think for my batch and my seniors', people were generally okay on the surface and i didn't see any particular outliers. Maybe my class and myself we were outliers so we bonded in that sense . Yes hopefully things are better
Haven't shot anyone so I don't remember what was the procedure but If I remember correctly there will be an investigation into the shooting by an investigation officer and yes you will have to justify it in your report.
Having a conservative mindset when it comes to hardcore drugs. Having lived in some countries for years, I've seen how those who did them ended up on the streets homeless for years, at times threatening and harassing people on the streets asking for money and other stuff. One dude on drugs even threatened to stuff his beer bottle into my asshole when I was walking on the street in daylight. I even saw someone high on drugs carrying a chainsaw I think? A lot of us ran in the other direction. I don't know what good comes out of it and neither do friends from those countries either.
Having a property to provide your family a house will be a luxury for especially gen z i think. An apartment shared by multiple families like back in French Revolution times may become new normal in a couple of years for developing countries. Growing population higher inflation on housing market etc etc
Having been there on holiday, the number of times i had to deep dive into explaining to complete strangers what being singaporean actually means was astounding. I could imagine myself just telling people im from china if i lived there just so i didnt have to do that all the time.
Having children is really to satisfy the innate urge of nature, it shouldn't be an investment
having not gone through the education system here what are the chances of that actually happening in a state school for the LGBTQ+ communities?
having read this plus some additional stories from a tuition teacher , I have lost faith in Singapore parents
Having spent a number of years working retail and f&b, can concur that Singaporeans generally quite judgmental and elitist over the slightest of reasons. We need a huge mindset shift if we are going to cultivate a generation of graciousness and whatever values we perceive to be positive, but it's not happening anytime soon.
Having the appearance of an army marching, uniforms, saluting, officers, drill sergeants, cleaning the barracks and making beds, doesn't create a fighting force. Three times the USA tried to create an army, three times they melted away. War is a dynamic and black box thing with so many things that can go wrong. You only ever know whether it works when actual fighting takes place. The political elites of Singapore may wax polemics and lyrics about the necessity and power of a Singaporean Armed Forces but nobody can be sure that the boots will fight. The problem with Singapore NS is that it is too long and it is not necessary to be this long. Sweden and Finland have two of the finest peacetime conscript armies their services are no more than 12 months. Conscription should be short, but intense. Thirdly, governments should be more serious about Civil Defence instead of pretending to be serious about national defence. National defence isn't just about the military. Today's wars reach the living space of the majority of the population very quickly. Electricity are routed through exposed and obvious chokepoints. Electricity generation stations are obvious targets if the Houthis can blow up a third of Saudi Arabia's oil production capacity with 20 drones, imagine the devastation . We can laugh about the Russian VDV now, but it was very impressive that they could land troops into Kiev on day 1. One brigade of parachute infantry can be airdropped within 30 minutes. While gaining air superiority and suppressing air defence for 30 hours is hard, 30 minutes is feasible and after that, you have to reshuffle your own ground troops to deal with this unexpected threats. Civilians need to be trained on how to survive. Literally.
Having those two statements in the same sentence implies a link and correlation, hence the equally implied Putin is allowed to do what he did because of what the US and NATO did The way I read it, it only states that no one is blameless. OP did not suggest that Putin is allowed to do what he did because the US and NATO aren't clean. Not in the sentence, not in the context of the post. if someone wants to read it as suggesting that it is fair for Putin to do bad things because US and NATO aren't saints, it is their own conclusion to make, OP did not suggest that. edit I get that this is a common point raised by Putin apologists, but it does not look like OP is using it for that. We can recognise that a lot of these organisations aren't flawless.
Having used to do shift work, the majority of my social circle didn't which really cut into my social life and I basically crumbled after two years. The pattern is such that it worked out to 42hr or week over the course of a month but picking up OT and extra shifts really put me over the line. Pay was good, I was doing almost RM7000 or month at some point but I left burned out. IT might not be the worst in terms of compensation but your mental health and social-wellbeing? Shot to hell and back.
Hawker centres are already enforcing SafeEntry check-ins by restricting entry points. I expect the same entry point will need to be able to verify vaccination status someone else here mentioned displaying vax status on the SafeEntry checked-in page, great idea . the problem is enforcing this at coffeeshops just purely on the numbers. Going to be a nightmare.
HDT, the only taxi company that had a salary mode, closed down last year. I was sad to see it go especially with its unusual business model in Singapore market
He called name on LMW when he can't argue. How did he become a foreign minister. If LMW is an illiterate he's a liar TraceTogether .
He came through when it mattered. That's more than can be said about almost every other leader we've seen
He can be of greater use in a command bunker than alongside us in the field. Perhaps Chan Chun Sing would be because he still NS liable?
He did win the presidency by a landslide, but he started making deals with pro-Russia separatists over the disputed regions of Ukraine in order to end the conflict. By end 2021, Zelenskyy had an approval rating of less than 30%, with less than half believing that he could protect the country from Russian aggression. Putin sought to take advantage of the large divide amongst the Ukrainians to achieve a swift takeover of the capital. He failed to predict how Zelenskyy would stand firm and unite the entire population and the entire world against the Russian army.
He didn't have to chup one kar in EC but he did. He could have had a safe result in Tampines.
He didn't miss the point. If the job paid better, there will be more healthcare workers and lesser load on everyone.
He didn't try to pull the Look like me, dress like me, sounds like me, feels like me but it's not me move?
he got 3 master 1 phd dare to challenge him ar.? Master of Science, Economics, London School of Economics Master of Liberal Arts, History, Harvard University Master of Arts, Politics, University of California, Santa Cruz Doctor of Philosophy, International Economics, University of California, Santa Cruz
He got played by the US. They were encouraging Ukraine to join NATO and that if anything happened they would back Ukraine up. When shit hit the fan Ukraine's so called allies are no where to be found.
he had to show the chinese he wasnt some race traitor anti chinese wog while he systematically dismantled the chinese schools and finally nantah. also for his son to learn mandarin. go read about how Lee Kuan Yew learnt hokkien in his adult years, damn funny
He haven't disgraced himself enough since the youth olympics blunder. Need to set a new low.
He is everything that People's Action Party doesn't want. 1. Intelligent and mind of his own 2. Courage to speak up against injustice 3. Articulate and can communicate ideas clearly 4. Grace under pressure Look at the same homogeneous new candidates that People's Action Party produced and even the entire 4G ministers. How many of them has the above qualities? None. I suspect these are the exact qualities that People's Action Party despise.
He isnt trained for shit those strikes are terrible just copying what he's seen on tv probably
He just shot himself in the foot for his elitist remarks. I wonder how will they spin this off
He literally said they don't oppose for the sake of opposing go watch the whole thin
He lost his seat, not his job, or am I missing something? edit I wish I could be happy about it but Marine Parade still People's Action Party ground v
He might have been the 'rainmaker' in the local entertainment scene back in the day but his content has been stuck in the rut since. His jokes are recycled in all his productions be it movies or comedy shows aired on Channel 8. Some of the punchlines border on dad jokes. No wait, dad jokes are at least endearing, often told with pretty genuine humorous intentions and sometimes so bad they are hilarious. Jack Neo's jokes are just cringeworthy when you hear them for the hundredth time. He has to step up his game and realise that today's audience is more cognizant than he gives them credit for.
He never felt that creative to me, he was just especially good with social commentary that can tug on the heartstrings of Singaporeans. Homerun, I Am Not Stupid, Money Not Enough are all highly relatable and somewhat realistic movies might even include Diam Diam Era
He never said it would be completely understandable dude, he just said that kind of thing could happen.
He really got fight ? I can only imagine him being a burden to real soldiers on the battlefield since hik being untrained and all. Just saying. Not to put him down or anything
He reminds me of Andrew Yang for some reason, the way he speaks is not really polished or rehearsed but still very salient and intelligent. Even Vivian seems captivated by him, you can almost see a glimmer in Vivian's eyes when he speaks to Jamus.
He said it the moment the video starts playing. If you use earpiece on phone can hear quite clearly. No idea what he was thinking
He saw a smaller country stand up to a much larger aggressor and only manage to hold out with incredible amounts of help from the international community, and our takeaway is that our military needs to git gud?
He saw an opportunity and he took it. This is exactly the type of mindset Singapore needs. What a lad.
He sounds really eloquent! Is it just me but I got dizzy from looking at him in the video
he suckered SP, and even CNA. people are so quick to jump on the bandwagon these days.
He sure knows how to appear presidential, for sure. More than can he said for the leaders of many other countries.
He wants to be in the record books for some reason and I'm sure he will but for the wrong reasons. And Mahathir is so much more different
He was an actor, completely lacking of negotiation or political experience. Got played like a pawn by NATO and Russia.
he was former BG from Guards. And from what I heard, a damned good soldier. I think hes one of the few among the cabinet who was actually a decent soldier or leader in uniform.
He was hilarious Sweat Squad! pshh pshh pshh Sweat Squad but professional. He praised Yu during the first match and when she did well after, but he has to praise good play from Ito when it came.
he was known as Mr HDB. doesnt that normally refer to Lim Kim San? because Lim was the first chairman of the HDB and was behind the massive housing projects of the 1960s.
He was minister of Finance previously. You are looking for OKY who was the previous transport minister, with his high low risk profiling rubbish.
He went jail for while being caught working to pay off his debts jialat until working also illegal.
He went up to my friend during NE1 and pointed the middle finger at him. Oh well, practice makes perfect I guess.
He's 100% justified to open fire. Suspect actively charging him with a knife. That's a textbook example from day 1 of rule of engagement lessons.
he's actually an actor turned president an actor famous for the show where he plays a guy next door who's elected president of Ukraine - can't make it up
He's also a modern Singh, this Prince moniker was obviously chosen to have maximum impact among the weaker-minded
He's gonna regret not getting medical help. Those knees to the head can't be good for him.
He's got a baby face + broad shoulders. Modern day auntie sha shou. Excuse my hanyupinyin. I don't know whether I spelled it correctly.
He's literally in every single thread where you can feasibly talk about the measures and complaining about restrictions and how shit of a situation we're in. You'd think we're living in literally hell listening to how he whines about everything. He's either a very consistent troll, or just extremely self-centered.
He's not 18 yet so he can't be hanged. At most it will be detention at the President's pleasure, basically life imprisonment until the people up there decide that he can come out.
He's not at the frontline unlike what you're trying to portray and he's likely to retreat to Lviv where most embassies have retreated to. And when time comes, he'll retreat to Poland. You're using an old photo.
He's so lively! And delivering such persuasive points. Maintaining that sort of energy at the tail-end of the debate can't have been easy. It feels like he really believes in what he's saying - there's an easy-going humour and confidence that stems from conviction. I'm in love .
He's still basking on his secondary sch debate days glory. That's why many people of his generation and incidentally People's Action Party supporters thought he was a sure bet for that hastily organized pre-election debate on ch5.until Jamus stole the spotlight.
He's the same guy who organized the Say No to Ramesh, Say No to CECA, Say No to 6.9 Million protest in November 2019, well before the pandemic. Indian national here. I personally agree with the ban - India is in a medical crisis, it has to be contained, and other countries should block from India entry until that happens - but this dude has had an agenda about the presence of Indian nationals and other foreigners in the country for much longer than just being cautious . I remember he was also a key voice in mounting the online campaign against the Philippines Independence Day celebrations in 2014. If anything, the guy's MO isn't about being cautious , it's overtly we want foreigners out, and I will use any rhetoric-du-jour to bolster my stance
He's the senile old farter always stirring up shits like this. Shits he lost a long time back.
headphones and earphones act as deterrant. if they still try, then pretend like you don't notice them. never make eye contact, the chances of interaction increases drastically
Heads up! The Lazada app also has CDG in-built so no need to download an additional app if you already have Lazada
Healthcare worker here. Singapore's healthcare system is built on the backs of people with some of the best work ethic you'll ever see. The government mistook our willingness to sacrifice as a 'given', some kind of inexhaustible resource. And indeed it might have been, if they didn't keep making things WORSE for us, i.e. leave restrictions, publishing statements like eh y'all coping very well . It's just adding insult to injury.
healthcare worker to team lead The load is too much, we aren't coping well Team lead to manager The team isn't coping well, but we'll do our best Manager to CEO We are doing our best to make sure everything is well CEO to Minister Everything is well
Healthy no need wear mask! A human' nature can't change. Especially, health no need wear mask.
Hear hear. They had months to get vaccinated. They themselves said they can't be bothered because they are waiting to die.
Heard a very loud bang. Not sure if the sound came from this explosion. Staying near Pasir Ris.
Heard from a few of my friends there that some students saw the murderer walking around school with the bloody axe. Hope the school can get trauma counselling for students and staff, and have a good talk with everyone. Seeing that kind of thing would terrify anyone.
Heard his extremely loud yell while my contingent was marching to the pick-up point after the parade we passed by the holding area for HPPS performers otw to our buses
Heard of one case of suicide in RV this year and many other cases of self harm, perhaps they are undergoing lots of stress.
Heartbreaking. Can't imagine being the parents of either kid. Parents saw them off in the morning when they went to school. Full of hope and expectations. Now one's dead, gone in the most horrible manner and the other's a murderer, looking at a lifetime behind bars. Hope and expectations. All gone just like that.
Heck, everyone in that school should be entitled to receive emotional support. Think about the canteen vendors when they discovered the reason why students weren't there for lunch, cleaners who had to clean up the mess.
Hell nah to the nah nah nah I don't expect Pres Halimah to fight. Lee Hsien Loong too old and probably say he cannot join due to his age or
Hell, even my boomer step-mom voted WP for that reason. She believes the People's Action Party needs people to keep them in check before they go too far with their powers in Parliament. Her point was only slightly undercut by her mentioning the invisible ink pens plot to undermine our voting system.
Hello just to chime in with some support amidst all the downvotes and unempathetic comments. I am in the same predicament. Took Sinopharm and my second dose is next week, so I'll be considered fully vaxxed only on the 28th
Hello kiddo, if you after a week don't get a refund and need money for some reason parent don't help, DM me and see if can work something out. Ill check back in a week with a DM. In the meanwhile, try to chargeback the bank and try to call their support to refund you the money. Remember to learn to say no next time.
HELLO MINISTER MY UPSTAIRS NEIGHBOUR ALWAYS DUNNO DRILLING WHAT THING HAMMERING AT NIGHT PLEASE SEND POLIS TO CHECK I CANNOT SLEEP MY BABY CANNOT SLEEP LATER WE WILL HAVE EMOTIONAL TRAUMA HOW CAN THIS B ALLOW I am being sarcastic
Hello Mr Lee, do you think everyone will want covid? actually yes, lots of people want to get it to siam booster
Hello Mr Lee, do you think everyone will want covid? Yes they would because they work for him .
Hello smart anime-watcher, the reference of my comment is from the last chapter of this obscure manga called Shingeki No Kyojin , sorry you might not have heard of it, same as the comment by
hello! don't think i've personally ever met you, but its nice to see you around again. always a fan of your work, especially that old ones with lakes.
Hello! Here for a friendly open minded discussion. I sincerely want to understand more what is wrong with that statement. The government wants to encourage a specific type of relationship seems like as long as it doesn't prohibit or put down the other types seems ok open to be challenged though, I want to listen . I mean I'm also for the no-children lifestyle. It's a personal choice. That text goes against the no children lifestyle as well. For me, they can encourage making babies for all I care, as long as they don't force me to, I'm fine with it. That's why in my own interpretation, same could be applied to heterosexual marriages. The government has its own agenda they want more babies , so it's not surprising.
Hello, are you my kindergarten friend. I borrow some moolah for some investment, sure got return one.
Hello, have been in mission schools and secular too. They just use that time to do other things so instead of morning prayers, we had extended silent reading or morning announcements to listen to. Don't think reporting time differs that much imho.
Hence the importance of video evidence. Somehow bystanders taking video of the incident is up there in priority as calling for the police or paramedics.
her tenacity inspires me! you're a real-life champion mengyu, thank you for persevering through everything and making Singapore so proud of you!
herd immunity in this situation Delta variant is no longer possible even with very high vaccination percentages. that's what MOH and today's speech has been saying.
Here are 2 video links link 1 and link 2 of the song called Yummy by Justin Bieber in both lyrics and video, link 1 is the lyrics of the song and link 2 is the video of the song And here are 2 video links link 3 and link 4 of the song the called Whatcha Say from Jason Derulo in both lyrics and video, link 3 is the lyrics of the song and link 4 is the video of the song
Here are 4 video links of the Lion King The Circle Of Life Song, link 1 is the song lyrics and link 2 is also the song lyrics and link 3 is the cartoon version and link 4 is the comparison of both 1994 and 2019 version of The Circle Of Life Song
Here in Brunei, we cant even put that can of luncheon meat in the same trolley or on the same checkout counter. It has its own checkout counter, with its own trolleys. Once the item is scanned, its put in a black bag as if contraband. Even seeing it is offensive to the malay-muslims. This means that the entire non-halal section exists in a small room of its own away from the main market shelves. AMA.
Here is $30k, sent to your bank account, you just need to surrender and we sent you back home without your weapon and tanks. That's what they're doing right now. The Ukraine government is offering $40k usd and asylum in an European country for Russian soldiers who surrender.
Here is a law, It is ok, because we wont enforce it, Here is a judge, He is gay, and his name reads oon see kay
Here is a link to The Office US call 'Fire Drill' original video with sound too
Here is a tip to not make a country joining an opposing military alliance don't fucking invade them. Ukraine would not have a need to join Nato if Russia didn't annex Crimea in 2014 and shoot down an airliner.
Here is a video llnk of the song called Wake Up, Get Up, Get Out There from The Persons 5 Show If this is the song you are looking for.
Here is your gif! --- I am a bot. Report an issue a link to the gif or comment in your message%2C I%27m not always sure which request is being reported. Thanks for helping me out!
Here's a good one. Religious sites and buildings now require proof of vaccination to enter. Get between them and their precious god to see the real meltdown.
Here's a non exhaustive list of things that they need to change back to normal - Remove SafeEntry - Alcohol sales after 10 30pm - No mask outdoor - No mask indoor - No quarantine for travelers - Remove re-entry permits requirements - No limit on group sizes - Nightclubs can open We talk about just dining in, but at this rate it'll take 10 years for the rest above to happen, if ever.
Here's the deal you create a baby and fund it for a lifetime probably will cost in the tens of thousands or more and we will give 3000 dollars. Sounds about right!
Here's the government's response to your problems! No more excuses not to have children 1 Price of HDB going up - there are grants. 2 covid problems - we are moving towards a covid resilient nation. 3 Climate change - we have introduced a carbon tax. 4 Rising cost of living - one-off GST vouchers. 5 High stress in education - the Ministry of Education has changed the PSLE scoring system to make exams less stressful for children. 6 National Service - there are awards for reaching key NS milestones, to recognise contributions towards National Service. I am being sarcastic
Hero has always been used from above to mandate the sacrifices of the common man without fair compensation. Seen in WW and wars for example. Ever wonder why Rambo I and II are so different? Rambo I was about a soldier with PTSD suffering the effects of being a war veteran and the lack of support he received. This was of course unacceptable to the big wigs. Surprise, in Rambo II he is a full fledged herculean hero saving his country.
Hes right though. Singapore is a tiny country surrounded by huge countries. We are vulnerable as fuck. If ukraine can be taken by big brother, well, we would be at major risk from many sides.
Hes standing on the platform. Camera man run around zooming in on people. Lucky cameraman caught that scene
Hey brother you go up first I join you later. And then I proceed to never go up.
Hey cheer up! You need to learn not giving a fuck as part of growing up. However if racism happens in a more personal space such as in work or school, i strongly advise you to fight back. Stand your ground and make them know that you're darn right serious.
Hey don't listen to these trolls, you're only sixteen and you deserve so much more in life. What really helped me growing up was joining a cultural activity where I got to hang out with many other people who were of a minority race. There you won't be the Indian girl you will be just a girl with xyz personality. You're really mature to realize that people are not all in one shade - that the guy making fun of you can also be the one to help you. Hold on to this, don't let life make you bitter and think that all the Chinese people are racist, it's good to have your guard up for red flags but after a while it's very tiring and doesn't help you to make friends with people who are genuine! And there are loads of loads of Chinese people who are wonderful in Singapore trust me, secondary school was kind of shitty for me too but things got better as I got older. Best of luck to you
Hey everyone, that's me in the blue shirt! My wife was the one who recorded and posted it on instagram. It was a team effort. I know it's easy to jump to conclusions from seeing a small part of what happened. The guy with the net was the brave one - he was the first one over the railing trying to scoop the cat out. There were others that weren't filmed, who found the sticks, nets, ropes, etc and assembled them together. A lot of people helped. And in that moment, it felt like the community was working together as a team to try and save the poor kitten. It's a surreal thing to experience when most people have been keeping to themselves in this pandemic. We were lucky that we had our umbrella and a USB cable. My wife tied the umbrella to the stick with the cable a damn good knot, since it held weight! . The guy in white also helped tie the tip of the umbrella down too with some rope. My wife filmed because she also had to watch our 3 kids. The guys behind the railing were just as important. They held onto us so we wouldn't fall, and pulled the umbrella stick bit by bit. Theres some more info here Overall, I'm just relieved that we were able to get the cat out. I think the moral of the story for my kids was - if there's someone or something in need and you can help, do it. But just don't climb over the canal fence - get a grownup to do that . And also, please don't be too quick to judge others based on a small snippet. Be positive, be kind, and do the right thing to help those in need. Thanks for reading, and have a great day!
Hey I got approached by a Storytel sales person too and when I told her I was rushing for a movie it was Spider-Man during that time she started joking that she was about to spoil the movie note that this was the 2nd day of screening and I almost got pissed for a moment. I should've ignored her right from the start but was nice enough to stop for 2 mins just because I felt bad. At least I wasn't late for the movie.
hey i have a choice of moving to anywhere in the U.S., but my first thought was San Francisco tech worker . would you advise against that? any thoughts are welcome!
Hey I think these guys are actually Pakistani and not Indian judging by their clothes and talking style I know a lot of people see us as very similar to the point where it's hard to notice the differences but I just thought I'd let you guys know
Hey I'm so sorry that you experienced what you have. But I do hope that you can find hope in patience. people's stereotypes and beliefs don't change overnight, but they do change as each generation grows up. Our parents' generation grew up without having a common language with other races. They grew up in a period where communities look inwards for help and where that was the only concept of community. Singapore as a nation was in its infancy and even today, we are still trying to figure out what Singaporean really mean. What this probably mean was that anyone outside their familiar concept of community was alien and thus, there was little need to understand them and thus results in racism. Racism stemming from ignorance and not malicious intent, but still racism. But one thing I am sure, is that majority of the younger generations do not believe in all those ridiculous racial stereotypes once they reach an age where they can reason. I used to hear stereotypes about the minority races too, from relatives etc. But I don't think any of them are right. What is more important is that I won't pass them on to my kids, and I will educate my kids that these stereotypes are wrong. I hope to believe that there is a silent majority like me out there who will effect this inter generational change. I hope you can find hope in that things will change for the better. A decade or two ago, it would have been quite impossible for such casual racism or overt racism to be called out. I think it was largely because back then, there was an even lower degree of understanding of what racism really is. We are now aware that what was previously accepted perhaps due to circumstances of the times when there were other more pressing concerns or simply greater ignorance in society should not be accepted anymore now that we have grown as a society. The natural next step will be change for the better. I can't see our society ignoring these issues forever when we are already demonising racist individuals online. I can't say the same for everyone, but if my kid ever do anything racist, I can assure you that I will be the first to call it out, make sure that my kid learns what is wrong about it and make sure it does not happen again.
Hey if I know anything about old people, they love it when pictures of them in their youth are called handsome or pretty in my opinion majority of Singapore KFC's taste is a far bigger insult to colonel RET Sanders
Hey if you or anyone needs to set up online ordering and delivery pm me and i'll do it for cost. I hacked a really basic setup including a pi and a china brand receipt printer and i think its working well for a shop we helped!
Hey late to the boat here but just wanted to say it gets better. I'm a Chinese American who went through childhood has the only Chinese person in my school of mostly white and black kids. Went through life fighting stereotypes against people that hated me, and even some that liked me but still had misguided thoughts on who I was based on what I look like. I was the perpetual outsider and never American enough even though at the time America was the only place I've been and English is the only language I knew. It's hard to defend yourself against attacks on things you cannot control and are obviously outnumbered on. Most people you meet will tell you you're overreacting or that you're too sensitive. Some will tell you that racism doesn't exist and gaslight you to death. I remember going through life absolutely depressed. I'm much older now, and I've been in Singapore for several years and I get what you're going through. I see it here too. If you want to take action, I think a couple of general steps you can take 1 Speak with your family, hopefully a parent or sibling. They face it at work and definitely have stories to tell. These stories can help you feel less alone. 2 Seek out resources that can educate you about institutional racism, internalized racism, and race in Singapore, hopefully in some non-profit or university. I don't know the environment here in Singapore but for most Asian kids in America who didn't grow up in large Asian communities, college is where they learn about all these topics. Try to avoid anything propagandistic on either side. 3 Read Why Are All the Black Kids Sitting Together in the Cafeteria . More US-centric but should give you some vocabulary to understand what you're going through. There's other reading but I can't remember anything else off the top of my head. Good luck kid, just know you're not alone here or anywhere and that in 10-20 years these kinds of attacks that feel so impactful now will just be a very small part of your whole experience. We can't run away from it but understanding it all is like having a superpower. It will make you more aware, empathetic, and a better human being.
Hey OP, proud of you and your work ethic. Keep it up and stay on top of your studies. Continue approaching others with respect and keep developing your humility - never forget where you came from and those that helped you achieve your dreams. On the topic To a certain degree, I wish parents in the US bragged about kids' school and was so engraved in the culture like it is in Singapore.
Hey thanks for your thoughtfulness. I will refrain from advertising my store here. But the outlook is honestly bleak - during P2HA our revenues fell by around 70% even after exploring all options.
Hey thanks man. Im doing better, but definitely not as strong as before. Strongly considering trying out calisthenics exercises though. At least they can be done at the downstairs fitness corner
Hey there im from India and I wholeheartedly agree that we can get very toxic when it comes to stuff like jobs or income. I apologise on behalf of those rude people. In India, looking down on others and being toxic is pretty common given the state the country is in. people there are changing but still judge people based on their education or social economic status and it's worsened because they don't really mingle with the Indians here. I've felt out of place in Tamil class in primary school a lot of times but I've made friends with them. At the end the day we still have some things in common and I can assure you that there are some people who are truly kind and that the youngsters or children from the Indians who came from overseas like me and way more chill and understanding because we have grown up with peers from a local background.
hey there, despite some of the harsh replies you've gotten, i don't think anything you said was unreasonable. take some time for yourself or off the internet maybe. take care of yourself and reach out if you need someone to talk to.
Hey there, I used to work in a customer service centre and I was from a private university background like you. Customers are nasty over the phone, and when we can't help to solve their issues over the phone, they will tend to resort to verbal abuse, with milder ones being I would like to speak to your manager. A customer like Sarah is pretty much something that i would not like to entertain, but they are the ones that made me felt that I had the ability to excel in my field of study, and I endured. What made me felt bad was the constant comparing of university courses among my temp colleagues who were entering university and I felt out of place, I could felt that there were people including my temp colleagues who felt that local university are much better than private unis, and I could felt their interest dropped when i told them that I was from a private university. Thinking back, working at there is something that I would definitely mature my experiences and helping me to grow.
Hey, call your bank and dispute the transaction immediately. Know your consumer rights, and inform the bank you are coerced into it. Tell them you have immediately canceled and have no intention of signing up or using it, and neither have you done so. Let the bank take it up as a dispute amount with the unethical company.
Hey, I edited my post a little and realised I missed that out. The 2nd paragraph was referring to hawker, high pay but having to work long hours and dealing with rude customers especially drunkards making a scene. My dad do not interact with customers, other than his bosses. This also reminded me of the discrimination my dad and all other constructions worker face almost everyday. Whenever he has his attire in with the helmet, it is treated differently. He mentioned that he was turned away at some shops, and sometimes taxi if he manage to get turn him away too because he will dirty their car. He was looked down on public transport. Bosses aren't nice to them too.
Hey, I'm a much older dude 30 , and I seriously respect how mature you seem to be at your age. It's really disappointing and embarrassing that there are many, many Singaporeans like this. I myself really dislike the elitist and afraid to lose culture we have here in Singapore, it's one of the few things I wish we could improve on. On the other hand, I'm hoping you actually managed to meet some parents of children in 'good schools' that were decent humans who treated you respectfully even without knowing where you're from?
Hey, it was a live crossover to the CNA reporter in Tokyo who related her chat with Yu Mengyu after tonight's bronze medal match. Will post the link if CNA broadcasts the on-camera interview!
Hey, just want to say, good for you to actually be able to experience this, and to objectively allow it to teach you for the better. Dealt with people like these all my life, some of which are my relatives. Needless to say it developed an underdog spirit within me, and I have to take step back before judging any high SES people because I'm almost always not objective enough to judge fairly. Unfortunately, those people will probably not see change till the day the enter their grave. They will self-justify endlessly about such behavior, and continue to treat anybody beneath their accepted level as trash. But still, no harm in continuing to spread good. Keep it up!
Hey, no one is calling reality homophobic. I'm not sure if you genuinely think people are. No one is promoting gay sex. It's precisely because of issues like this that it's all the more important to have sex ed to teach people who will have gay sex about the dangers of having unprotected gay sex or the importance of protection. Instead of mentioning nothing about it and letting them find out the hard way.
Hey, no one is calling reality homophobic. No one is promoting gay sex. You'd be surprised, but it's impertinent so I will not elaborate. I think a lot of people are pretty dumb, but not so dumb that they really need the schools to give them a sex-education. It's not that complex and only requires about a 5 minute conversation with a parent to understand. Even kids without their biological parents can be taught by a guardian.
hey, thanks for the offer, really appreciate it. i feel that you guys should support hawkers more instead as they need the help more. thank you for the offer once again
Hey, you can't take shortcut when training for a critical role! This will affect the quality of healthcare and will even possibly endanger the lives of patients if they ain't properly trained.
Hi anchorvale buddy. Those affected by pmd ban will disagree. Also didn't think he contributed much to his health and transport portfolios.
Hi fun fact its not actually storytel it's a third party by the name of Vision Organisation and its apparently an MLM
Hi OP, I feel like racism is solely hate or prejudice based on skin colour. For your first point where teachers makes jokes in Chinese, I agree that it can be uncomfortable but if we forbid speaking our mother tongue in group settings wouldn't it be very suffocating? I feel like many minorities speak their mother tongue when with their friends as well. Second point is racism. Fair and fair. Third point, people tend to perceive things they are unfamiliar with prejudice. But it can happen for a kpop dance or any sort of dance for that matter. A pole dance would also probably get jeered by primary school kids. So it's unpleasant but I don't feel like it's racism. Once again, unfamiliar. If I brought smelly tofu to the canteen I would get laughed at by my friends as well. Alot of things u mentioned here are things you do actively. It can be suffocating for others if a Chinese goes to class wearing a strong different smelling perfume. And honestly, shaving is really a personal opinion thing. Some people do, some people don't. There are Chinese that can be quite hairy as well and it could well be pointed out by others just like you did. I'm using Chinese as an example as they are the majority in Singapore. Of course this is my personal opinion, please do share with me if I'm flawed in my understanding somewhat.
Hi OP, If I may, that's a very fatalistic view of the future. Do allow me to give you an alternative view for your consideration. I am paraphrasing Steven Pinker Progress is not a straight line, there will be ups and downs but in the long-term things have been trending upwards. Yes, humanity has taken a hit because of covid, pollution, etc. but we will bounce back just like we have many times before. Progress is also invisible to most people because they don't get their understanding of the world from numbers they get it from headlines. Journalism by its very nature conceals progress, because it presents sudden events rather than gradual trends. Most things that happen suddenly are bad a war, a shooting, an epidemic, a scandal, a financial collapse. Most things that are good consist either of nothing happening like a nation that is free of war or famine or things that happen gradually but comp ound over the years, such as declines in poverty, illiteracy and disease. I personally found his books - Enlightenment Now and The Better Angels of Our Nature refreshing. Give it a go, it may provide you with an alternative to consider, not all is gloom and doom
Hi peopleessss. A genuine question though. Are schools and pre-schools still allowed to go on? or is it HBL? Cases from schools have been steadily coming up
Hi since so many people shared their terrible experiences from part time work i would like to share also. I'm doing part time work this holiday at banquet events mostly and actually i've been treated p ok for the past three weeks. Some managers yelled at us but like it wasn't so bad since it wasn't because we were perceived to be dumb or whatever. I do not know i really think it depends on the people you serve because all the corporate events i have served in was fine and a surprising number of people were sympathetic and even helpful because they understood that being a server was tough especially for new kids like me.
Hi sleep a lot brother, I average 8 9 hours too . Working from home makes it so that I wake up later instead of waking up at my normal timing to do more shit .
Hi win liao, care to share why if we have female baby, then we can have an easy good life? Just curious on your perspective, because I have 2 daughters. D Thanks!
Hi! Sorry. Wasn't taken by me. Im just a fren sharing the joy. This guy took them.
Hi, in case you were not aware patients with mild allergic reactions like rash only etc are now allowed to take the vax
Hi, is there multiplayer in the demo? Would like to play with my friends after work.
Hi, is this course available online? Thanks for sharing by the way, I have been feeling really down about this whole situation, and I think doing the PFA is a good way to make something out of all this.so that at least if I ever encounter such situations, I can help.
hi, no no, its alright, im just voicing out my opinion, im not mad or anything, i just want to express it thats all. no heart feelings brother, sorry if this comment seem to implies it in a negative way. and if suddenly erupts, its just not funny, to see 3 countries , talk shit about each other, i dont want that, no one wants that since quite the number of Indonesian follows SGAG as well, actually Indonesian might bash me as well, but oh well, just wanted to point it out, its kinda tiring to see people hate on one another between Indo-Malay-Singapore when our culture are somewhat similiar
High stress in the education system learning things that are almost never applied in the working world. No time for childhood, after cramming in tuition, supplementary lessons, remedial, CCA, enrichment classes. This alone firmly puts me in childfree territory. Singapore education system is institutionalized child abuse and I'm not going to subject an innocent soul to the meat grinder.
Higher income, save, constantly upgrade yourself and don't think that anyone owes you. Also, don't look at cpf as savings - I used half of it to as downpayment for my HDB, and the rest will be play money when I retire hopefully .
Highly suspect that the guy was stopped because his understanding of Islam might be lacking and not the first time he tried to 'preach'
Hindsight is 20 or 20 unless you're suggesting we blanket-charge everyone a higher deposit on the off-chance that the applicant may be Indian.
His hyper-focus on CECA makes no sense when millions of Malaysian Chinese and PRCs come to Singapore and take up literally millions of jobs, some enabled by our respective FTAs with these countries. These Malaysian Chinese and PRCs practice the same clannish hiring practices and linguistic exclusivity that the IndNats are allegedly infamous for not just to Singaporean Malays and Indians but also to Singaporean Chinese. That's why you hear all that jihuikia stuff on EDMW because even our local racists cannot stand their clannishness . hese Malaysian Chinese and PRCs practice the same clannish hiring practices and linguistic exclusivity that the IndNats are allegedly infamous for this is very true. They slip under the radar whilst being the lagest number of new immigrants who are competing for these higher value jobs
His idea of a successful country is free welfare, lesser work, Low tax he keep spamming some china propaganda What
His rugby days really paying off, his shoulders are so broad. Wonder what position he played!
His second wife, OTOH was carefully screened and scrupulously vetted no more obvious genetic defects etc and was part of a list of eligible female candidates, that was approved by his parents. Fun fact the spouse he ended up with wasn't even the top choice
His son was in my ethics class which covered the scandal in one of the lesson. Needless to say he skipped class that day
His sticking to principles worked out well. Imagine he had tried to stick a knife in People's Action Party when the Ivan thing blew up. Now imagine if the chronological order was reversed. Raeesah controversy started on the weekend before nomination and Ivan blew up on the last week before election. If the People's Action Party had followed their modus operandi they would have ended with egg on their face He was absolutely in control throughout the campaign. Looked really magisterial
His wife just be like holy shit. My husband just became the sexiest guy in Singapore overnight
Hits the feels for me. My wife doesn't get to drink when needed due to PPE. We haven't been home in two years and miss family dearly. Yet we are still required to function in top form every day. I say we, really, but it's mostly she. My role is small in the overall scheme of things.
Hmm can anyone point me to the actual time stamp on the live debate? I rewind it but seems to have miss that portion
Hmm didn't some Christians get in trouble with the law for giving out flyers about Christianity in Orchard or something?
Hmm I got a better suggestion. To ensure they don't forget their learning they should go back for retail retraining for one week or so every year for 10 years
Hmm I just got married last year, and a couple friends are getting hitched too. Somehow these figures seem slightly exaggerated.
Hmm maybe he didn't realise that he was remarking loud enough because frustrated by LMW's answers? for the mic on the speaker side to pick up. I wonder if the rest in the Parliment heard that but just tried not to react or maybe it sounded like muffled or mumble in real life for them to realise what was being muttered.
hmm okay, that sounds pretty reasonable haiya, just trust that they know what they are doing la. it's not like I'm professionally trained in this anyway
Hmm, good point. But I'm sure they would then immediately turn to other, more queer friendly alternatives. What arguments can we make to pull them in?
Hmm, I actually think the care standards, doctor expertise, wait times are quite good compared to SGH. I guess my point was more to point out the lack of empathy more than anything.
Hmm. This is ridiculous. How can I climb so many stairs from Level-2 obviously my first stop
Hmm? So what if this is not a sanctioned fight? Same theory applies, BJJ are designed for people to defend themselve on the ground as there's where 99% of street fight goes as seen in the footage . Please enlighten me how pulling guard is a stupid advise when the guy are just turtling and eating damaging strikes risking CTE. If he tried to get up and run he'll definitely eat more knee strikes on the way up. Pulling guard would have minimise the damage taken. Please back up your argument with solid foundations ,don't just give off sound bites like what you have been doing.
Hmmm was from rv a few years back, personally the stress i felt was pretty minimal and it was my own stress, like oh fuck my life i need get good grades to get into university sia , and i would have definitely experienced the same stress even if i were to study in a diff sch! As for what you said good grades are king, B students have no hope , thats definitely untrue tho. i was a constant gpa below 3, rp below 30 student and no one treated me badly. In fact, all my teachers were so helpful and patient, they were willing to stay back in sch until sooo late to give us consults and htht. my classmates were nice and everyone was like studying tgt at the lib during exam period!
Hmmm. I have seen YouTube or Weibo videos about wuhan supermarket not very orderly situations during the FIRST FEW DAYS of lockdown. Source I have provided one evidence No, I don't want it to be terrible there or elsewhere. Why do you sound like you want to paint Singaporeans as a disorderly bunch?
Hold politicians to account. Question and write to your GRC MPs, expressing your concerns. If your current GRC politicians aren't representing your views, volunteer with parties who do. If nobody does, form a party. Every election, get actively involved. Between elections, get involved. 80% of similar challenges can be tackled with less political apathy from Singaporeans, particularly younger ones.
Hold the fuck up here. When did i ever claim that they do not face difficulties. All that im saying that this is an issue that people of any major religion will face, it is not restricted to only malays in Singapore. Yes it definitely is more prevalent for malays due to their skin tone, no question there.
Holy crap even a murder case is far and few in between here. But for a student to do it here? Shocked is an understatement.
Holy fuck I know they can be pieces of shits but this was really kinda cute
Holy fuck imagine being the previous guy. Just gotta suck off Durai to get access to all that
HOLY FUCK YOU TOO I PAID $10 AND DELETED THE APP ON THE TRAIN RIDE BACK FEELING SO EMBARRASSED. P.S. Were you at Tampines? That's where I got caught.
Holy fuck, regardless if it's a knife or an axe, that's terrifying. Stay safe and stay strong, RVHS!
holy fucking shit how do you live with yourself with arguments like this. i don't even think this is an ad hominem anymore, just say you hate women and go
Holy fucking shit that makes me inordinately upset. A 60 year old man, an administrator of power and influence, still talking about his school credentials and taking them as a core part of his identity? Screw this, I'm getting out of here. This sort of tone-deaf culture of elitist mediocrity is just one of the many reasons why world-wise Singaporeans who can leave, just leave. I hope you ministerial types understand that.
Holy fucking shit. I'm an international student from US who previously did my secondary education in Singapore + a bit of high school in the states after secondary sch. This sounds like something that happens in the states, my high school previously had thankfully false bomb threats or shooting threats and had to lock down. it's crazy to think this can happen in Singapore too. and with an axe no less. Hope everyone in rv is safe. and to the victim, may you rest well. Not 100% sure if they really died so rest well regardless edit seems like it's confirmed the victim has passed away. rest in peace to them. this is such a tragedy.
Holy shit how could such a thing happen? rest in peace to the little fella, gone just like that. Can't even begin to imagine the parents' pain and the trauma the classmates have to go through.
Holy shit man! I also remember Mrs Look's lectures. Did you get that frankly now a bit outdated and inappropriate bargain bin T-shirt metaphor for relationships?
Holy shit, for a country so small we are the biggest contributor on that list. 4.5 thousand tons I know we are a major player in chemical engineering but I'd never imagine it would lead to this
Holy shit, I have fragments of this in my memory, but didn't understand much then, I was only in lower primary.
Holy shit. Really ? That's lazy police work. Does it depend on the IO or the ground officer's judgement?
Holy shit. Still? what the fuck are they doing this doesn't make any sense. Just waiting for Bloomberg to run another piece on this topic.
Home Run was an adaptation and localisation of a 1997 Iranian film, children of heaven. So creative? Naaaaah
Homosexual kids will be fine. I'm more worried about the straight kids that don't know what the fuck is a condom.
Honest qn what if I just keep a particular requirement to myself because of practical reasons or my own personal experiences? Like I don't announce it on my listing but I reject applications that fit that particular criteria Will people take issue with that or is that acceptable? I just want the freedom to decide whats best for myself and my own property, is that wrong?
Honest question here. I thought it was only haram to consume pork. How did it morph until it became offensive to even see it?
Honest question the government didn't stop imports from india because we rely on them for a bulk of our foreign worker workforce? Or because they promote economic growth ?
Honestly apart from the sleep hours, the time at which we're expected to wake up screws with the natural circadian rhythm.
honestly can you even blame them, some jabbed simce the start of the year then hear this crap because of some old fuckers who dw get jabbed then keep it in their pants, like brother how long to suffer because of some inconsiderate pricks
Honestly for this kind, if you feel too bad to go the straightforward way and say u are not interested just say because I also encountered them before , sorry I am a student my parents would be so angry if I bought this or Sorry I don't have my credit or debit card on me right now can I go back and do it or I'm in a rush right now I need to get to , could I do this later? Don't be pressured by them!
Honestly I believe the bullying is mostly not due to the superiority complex it's the naivety of young kids. You have kids and they are extremely sociable, high chances from my experience they make bad company, they are naive and get influenced and they then start bullying .
honestly I don't think it had ever been used apart from the FB video introducing the concept of the safety stoppage card.
Honestly I feel both statements are essentially saying the same thing. Just that the second one is phrased in a bad way. Ideally everyone should communicate as you have shown in the first sentence but do understand that some of us are really frustrated after years of being shut down and not taken seriously when we ask people to respect us as equal humans. If someone is using the language you have used in the second sentence give them some time to calm down so that you can engage in a civil discussion.
Honestly I felt the SDA scheme was to secure votes for next GE. give ez jobs to elderly or unemployed during a crisis. If the government had forced them into these healthcare assistant jobs they won't garner votes.
Honestly I'll have asked the religious dude to just fuck off. We in 2022 not 1922. I really hate those people who goes around preaching to strangers. The mosque exists for a reason
Honestly it's not too bad considering there are jobs offering half the hours and half the hourly pay these days. It's a struggle for Singaporeans with no qualifications, who get low hourly rates and can't get enough hours to survive.
Honestly Malaysia is in the rabbit hole, when even supporting the Taliban is seen as a good thing amongst pas supporters and umno folks, you know shit already hitting ceiling.
honestly man what the fuck is this? older people had the time to vaccinate and if they don't want to, why should we sacrifice everything just to keep them safe? fucking stupid
honestly not sure if you're justifying race bias here or highlighting how the rental sector works. as a hypothetical, asking price here is $3.6k a month x 24 months equals to $86.4k no nego, for right tenant the nego price is probably $3.3k x 24 months equals to $79.2k equals to $7.2k to get the unit back up and running after your non preferred tenant moves out. from my limited experience here it seems that landlords rather have a unit sat empty for a few months to attract the right profile tenant vs different type of profile. i've been to enough viewings on my own as multi racial male here to know what subtle or not so subtle racism looks like and sometimes even get called out by agents or landlords hey how can you be european when you're black. so last time around i just let the mrs do the viewings so to avoid this kind of behavior.
Honestly not surprised. This is from a Wikipedia article. In July 2014, Singapore's National Library Board NLB , a state-funded network of 26 public libraries, confirmed it would destroy three children's books with pro-LGBT families themes for being against its 'pro-family' stance , following complaints by a parent and its own internal review. The decision was widely criticized by LGBT supporters and the arts and literary community who see the actions as akin to book burnings and other forms of censorship. The three books are And Tango Makes Three, which covers the true story of a pair of male penguins that successfully raise a chick, The White Swan Express, which features children adopted by a variety of families including gay, mixed-race and single parents, and Who's In My Family, which references families with homosexual parents. Two weeks after a gay rights rally, these books sparked a fierce debate between the religious conservatives, who opposed the rally, and Singapore's growing gay-rights lobby. 145
Honestly same. Should have highlighted that part too, and to be honest almost every part since this whole thing is a red flag
Honestly should be the other way around. I'll rather be outdoors with adequate spacing between people in a 100 man crowd than to be in a church with the same 100 man crowd.
Honestly Singapore sex education is quite shit. I was having a discussion with friends from Raffles and SJI and basically from what I've been told they've basically just been taught Pre-marital sex is bad, nuclear family is best and homosexuality doesn't exist . Now as one of the few Singaporeans who's been educated in the international school system I had a completely different experience. They straight up said Yeah a few of you probably already having sex so we're going to teach you have to do it safely . Besides this they also taught us about the importance of consent and being emotionally ready, how to avoid STDs and what to do if you've been raped. I'm not trying to bash the Singaporean education model but sex education doesn't have to be taugh as if sex is the devil's dance and we should all be virgins till mariage and have big happy conservative hetrosexual families. Instead they should accept the reality that in modern 21st century life people can like whoever they like and there is nothing wrong with having sex before marriage.
Honestly speaking, is it okay to use the button in such incidents? I fucking hate people Is it ok to inconvenince people in order to save a life? Honestly speaking.
Honestly the CSJ or Vivian spat off really really helped legitimise WP's position, reminding people that WP is not there as an opposition JUST to oppose People's Action Party but can and has always been there to supplement and critique on People's Action Party's policies!
Honestly the issue here is the extent of ignorance. Even from this comment, you can see it because people think curry is one dish. Curry is just a word used to describe a class of dishes all with different spices and cooking techniques that vary within each state in india, let alone across states throughout the country. It's equivalent to calling all noodle dishes chop suey. Im not denying that some cuisines within india might leave undesirable smells or residues in houses which can be troubling for landlords but to generalize the rule to a whole country with over a billion fucking people is lazy and bigoted.
Honestly this is the crux of humanity right here replace HappyLand school with whatever is on trend or popular or simply expensive in life, and you will find many people who will treat others around them with derision if they believe the person infront of them has less than them of that 'it' thing. This kind of attitude comes from a false ego, with a never-ending self doubt especially if they get so easily offended haven't you heard of HappyLand?! I'm really glad that you, OP young as you are, have the patience and kindness to realise this on your own.
Honestly we whole day talk bad about China but I've seen more heroism and community spirit in Wuhan and more shitty incidents in Singapore. FFS even in Wuhan the supermarkets are not wiped clean like ours. We really need to reflect after this incident blows over.
Honestly what can we do? I have used it as a point in quite a few political discussions and have actually convinced a few people to change their views on certain topics, but that's about all any of us can do. Their actions, while absolutely disgusting, was legal. And so I vote to try and make it so they don't have that power anymore.
honestly yeah I guess I just have to make do with it man it's just that taking that first step was already so hard I just don't wanna lose that drive again. haizz the old me would have been shocked to see me being sad over gyms closing. it did help to mitigate my stress man. thanks for your advice!
Honestly you buy a diamond ring, zirconia ring and crystal ring, all same cut, same size put infront of them the will not be able to tell which is which.
Honestly, as someone who has lived in Auckland, Sydney and Paris for work, school etc I can tell you this is a very glass half empty view of Singapore. Using Auckland as an example, but the below points apply to most large metro cities. 1. At least you have government subsidised housing. Average dwelling in Auckland is $1M because most are houses with land. No, there aren't cheaper apartment options because of historical zoning issues that prevents their construction. Good luck saving for that 20% deposit when house prices increase at 7%+ per year. 2. houses are built with terrible quality. It often leaks and has poor insulation. This causes mould which leads to a bunch of chronic issues this is well publicised but people don't have the money to fix it 3. Public transport options are poor. The average commute is 40mins. You will also need to own a car to get around, this is roughly 8-10k worth of expenses each year 4. Crime rate is much higher than Singapore 5. Employers are only obliged to contribute 3% of your salary to the nz equivalent of cpf . But U still have to wait until you're 65 to withdraw it All tht being said, nz is still a fantastic place to live because it has many positives that it shares with Singapore - rule of law, healthcare, education. I respect your opinion but i think there are a lot more things to be grateful for here
Honestly, equality should mean equality in every aspect. I dont think i need to explain why, but the pledge needs to be updated severely.
Honestly, I don't even think it matters at this point, man. In my IG stories I see friends just gathering in groups in each other's houses anyway sometimes breach 5 people so obvious, they just exclude people so it looks like 5 people in the photo . Other people just taopao then go outside at the picnic field or whatever open roof area in a shopping mall and eat together. Last time during Heightened Alert, it was a very common sight. Suddenly all the dining areas shift to open picnic areas. The only ones being affected by these stupid fucking measures are the f&b businesses and lonely people that could have benefitted from more official social gathering events. Fucking dumb as hell if you ask me.
Honestly, I feel that this mindset also stems from the sort of stereotype we hold towards those who work in these sectors deemed as low-skill . A lot of us have been brought up to think that we have to study hard, or else we will end up working in these jobs not worthy of respect. Eventually this leads to contempt for the job and the people employed in these positions without even considering that they're also another human being. It's really a stereotype that persists because money and honor or position or power is really emphasised in Singapore. Changing such a perspective would be an especially uphill but necessary task.
Honestly, I get what you mean. I'm the person who was arrested last year for the climate change protest. Before that, I emailed government bodies, talked to MPs, did public outreach, volunteering etc. Everyone keep saying my concerns would be heard , yet policy showed otherwise. If you want a frank answer from me, it would be to decide how much a cause means to you and support in whatever way you can, knowing that you might not get far for quite a while. Some of the LGBT protesters are LGBT themselves in fact, most hardcore activists in other causes I've met were LGBT . I know some of them, and they run small LGBT advocacy groups. To them, this really is their life, and seeing a transgender student be treated with such contempt means they're more than willing to be arrested. They know that it might be them next, or they've faced such discrimination in the past. They're already social pariahs. I personally knew in the back of my mind that if I had to choose between being jailed + hurting my career prospects and never speaking out about the climate crisis when I had the chance, I would regret not speaking out far more. In find that activists tend to have very personal reasons for committing. I know someone who became an activist for sexual victims after his own sexual assault and mishandling by his school NUS, duh . So it really is up to you. I'm not going to suggest anything further publicly, but if it comes to a point where you're choosing between committing further and stopping because the current options aren't working, it really is a personal choice. I don't even mean anything illegal, it's just that activism actually can take a lot of time, energy and commitment if you really pour yourself into it. I mean, fuck, I just wanted to help prevent ecological collapse but I'm being treated by the authorities and half of Singapore as if I want to cause a riot and loot Parliament.
Honestly, it was not the biggest web I've seen them make. We used to have lots in my backyard. Nothing like walking into one in the middle of the night when you're going lock up the chickens.
Honestly, it's mindboggling what time we had to get up for school, especially if our school wasn't in our neighbourhood and we had to travel there via public transport. It's really ridiculous, I rather start later, end later.
honestly, ive seen and experienced this as a 17 year old polish girl who just went to jc. im personally friends with an amazing indian girl and shes so sick and tired of the ridicule. although i dont want to aay much, since techncially, im white. i technically cannot be prejudiced against. its painful being called coluniser by my chinese peers all because they see that im white, dismiss that im polish and immediately associate me with the uk. hope youre doing better, and its great to stand up for yourself when need be.
Honestly, which LGBTQ person looks at San Fran, the queer capital of the US if not of the whole world, and says No, you know what, I'd rather work and live here, in Singapore
Honestly, you may be right I feel that if you have the money, only then the Singaporean lifestyle suits you. Otherwise, life would be a struggle, and you will not be fair to your child That being said, personally, I feel like life in Singapore is very superficial- what do you really live for here? Sure, our material standards of living is really high, but I think our non material standard of living is otherwise- in Singapore especially, we are clocking 9-5, just to earn money, just to get by. But otherwise, there is nothing much to it dont you think?
Honestly. These PR or new citizens knows the risk and so do our government. Why do we even allow them to go back and come to Singapore?!?!
Honestly? Yes, beyond pressing the button, there's nothing much I can do. If I try to step in to stop, I would probably get attacked as well, it's not worth the risk. And by 'debunked', I'm assuming you're referring to the 2019 study which used CCTV footages to determine bystander intervention? I will take a look at it, looks interesting.
Hong Kong is paying in blood for information we already knew 12 months ago. covid is a deadly disease among a small proportion of the population the elderly. While influenza is 40x more deadly among elders than youth, the ratio for covid is as much as 8800x. Even without vaccination, covid is a mild disease among children and working class adults. This is why every country prioritized and emphasized vaccinating elders first. Complacency is coming back to bite HK in the ass. Years of aggressive zero- covid policy without an exit plan resulted in this disaster.
Hope AsiaOne YouTube will feature him in 10 years time, Viral Video Stars Here's what happened to the kid whom flipped the nation on NDP broadcast .
Hope everyone remembers that this outbreak is direct fault of Singapore government and their arrogance in thinking KTVs could pivot to responsible f&b outlets
hope their new tenant trashes the place. so they understand anyone can be a bad tenant
Hope to see a merlion anime series, and with an epic finale between merlion and some fire demon and merlion sacrifices itself by spraying all its water and becomes a stone statue. epicbackstory
Hope your kid has arms like He-man with the bags he is going to have to lug by himself
Hopefully more of your congregation also want the same thing. Senseless to have in person services now. Do you even need a service or could you just read the bible and do some praying on your own?
Hopefully this makes people realize that freedom should be INALIENABLE, and that whenever governments dangle what should be your inalienable freedoms as carrots on a stick in front of you, it will never end well and in this case, never end!
Hopefully this will shake the pro-eastern or western Singapore citizens awake just a little . Eastern or Western nations have their own opinions for their own benefits, yet the extremists swallow those up without any critical thinking, and regurgitate everywhere like it's some grandiose ideology. I don't agree with People's Action Party on a MAJORITY of their actions and motives, but it's not difficult to find common ground against something that Singapore has a history with during World War Two.
Hopefully we will win. Not because our conscript army is strong, but because theirs is weak.
Hot take but in this case having it in video is more beneficial than trying to help. Guys is obvious Ipman level of martial arts, if anyone tries to interfere for sure they're bound to get hurt. They're in shock and fear of their own safety, not everyone is confident to bring down a guy like that. Everyone here saying why are they only filming, why nobody help is because you're at home in your comfort and not feeling the same fear. Having a video is actually beneficial as it helps relevant authorities identify the suspect faster
Housing in Singapore is cheaper than other well-known world class cities. But to be fair, you are merely renting the HDB in Singapore - you don't own it. The problem regarding not having enough money exists anywhere you go. The truth is no matter where you are, the only way to retire early is to earn $$$
housing market is insane now. people are offering above asking price in order to get homes. and landlords or agents are jacking up the prices to make people pay even more
How about also not letting all the power go to one person? If this happens in another country and if said person decides to declare war on us that's not something we can control - in fact, an outsider trying to stop that from happening is quite likely to make the situation worse. Not letting all the power go to one party in Singapore is another discussion topic altogether.
How about also not letting all the power go to one person? Its not russia nor the russian population that are invading, only putin and his blindly obedient soldiers that are killing innocent people
How about Devan Nair &nbsp Lots of speculations when he announced his resignation. This was before presidents were elected by citizens, so the announcement was a huge thing, given that Presidents were usually favoured by the ruling party. &nbsp Update Given that our government opened the Devan Nair Institute for Employment and Employability in 2014, I guess no hard feelings against Devan Nair. &nbsp &nbsp Update2 Anyway, as a side note, my favourite joke about Devan Nair is about why our SCDF's or fire station, since SCDF wasn't a thing yet emergency number is 995.
How about habits and lifestyles, that may be linked to ethnicity? Stereotypes doesn't apply to everyone, but you'd by lying to say that it doesn't apply to large number of people. I will never discriminate against the person by ethnicity itself, but I rather not live with someone who have different values and lifestyles with me. It just so happens that their habits and lifestyle are not always independent to their ethnicity.
How about habits and lifestyles, that may be linked to ethnicity? Stereotypes doesn't apply to everyone, but you'd by lying to say that it doesn't apply to large number of people. You are certainly right! Stereotypes are simply a heuristic , a way to simplify cognitive process and cheat a solution out with minimum expenditure of resources. They are not always correct and can lead to wrong conclusions. Which is why i never banned Indian applicants but based on past experience I would pay more attention to them. Of course my sample size is incredibly small, but based on widespread feedback it seems like a consistent trend. I can understand why some home owners would simply not want to deal with the hassle. Arranging for house viewings and negotiating with applicants is a very time intensive process after all.
How about not advocating for full openings I don't think ALL the people here advocating for more measures loosening is asking for EVERYTHING to be dropped. But I'm addressing specifically the people that are . Dropping some of the more egregiously pointless measures can definitely happen, but there's definitely different views on whether some measures are or aren't pointless. And we're still releasing measures even at this point of the infection numbers, so it's more likely that more measures will be loosened when we get pass the peak. I know the recent loosening is contentious but not the point here Regardless, we still have to face the current issues the healthcare workers are facing. Your suggestions make sense and it's good points to be made in discussions like these. What isn't helpful are those people whining about 5 man dining or VTLs or masking and demanding everything gets dropped right now cause oMiCrOn Is MiLd while deliberately ignoring the memo on hospitals getting swamped.
How about not advocating for full openings right now and spike the infection numbers even higher? This will likely reinforce the mentality that covid is dangerous, resulting in people still flooding the healthcare system anytime they suspect they got covid. Which means we will never open up. How we can help is to continue to reinforce the message not to go to the hospital if you don't need it, ensure that people don't have to go to the hospital just to get certified that they got covid so that they can show it to their bosses, and improve the healthcare worker working conditions both in terms of management culture and better pay . We should proceed with reopening in a measured manner and not the half-fucked measures we have now that we have been stuck with for way too long. Don't forget that covid fatigue does happen and is likely to contribute more to spreading covid since people are starting to ignore covid regulations.
How about not covering medical costs for the unvaccinated? It's not fair that our taxpayer money cover them when they are irresponsible fucks who chose not to get vaccinated.
How about Singaporeans to their government you suck POFMA sucks there's no freedom of speech fuck you Singaporeans when other people insult Singapore government NI MA YOU SAY WHAT HOW FREE IS YOUR COUNTRY HUH THATS WHAT I THOUGHT BITCHBOY
How about the covid Heroes that MOH got some doodler to draw and turns out he copied someone else's work. It was so cringe and there was even a Anti Liverpool FC character if I remember correctly.
How about the scandal we locked up 300,000 people for almost 2 years during a global pandemic to stop the spread of this virus?
How about those elderlies with underlying condition that can't take the vaccine? Honestly it's worrying to me because I personally know elderlies who wants to take the vaccine but advised not to by their doctors. That morning kopi with their friend meant a lot and now that's taken away. Hoping for some sort of free pass with medical professional note that these people can't take the vaccine and will be allowed activities vaccinated individuals have. edit I meant all people who can't take the vaccine.
How about we fuck with their heads ? What if. actually, the government is trying to get rid of unvax people like us because we know what we are rebelling for? And the vaccine is actually an antidote to keep the vaccinated immune to an upcoming major virus to purge us, the delinquents, off? They want to keep vaccinated alive because they are the easy to control sheeps and we are the purebloods!
How about we start to exercise or enforce some social distancing in the trains and buses first with a cross to indicate no seating and by capping the number of passengers onboard in each cabin or bus before protesting -.-
How are you doing now mate? Just curious . I hope you are a toy collector too!
How can one identify as a different race? That's just sad. How is that different from Martina Big?
how can they sleep at night? I believe, as the saying goes, sinkie pwn sinkie, at night can sleep soundly.
How can we help to make a difference? And I seriously hope the people who are apprehended are safe. not too sure what could be done for them too.
How can you have doctors and nurses in just 1 years. To train a nurse you would need a minimum of 3 years for a diploma and 7 years for a doctors degree. There's also the issue of what will you do with the excess glut of HCPs once covid is over.
How can you threaten them with getting rabak by public, then wonder why people don't say it out loud in public? Your last sentence is your answer.
How come there are still partially vaccinated people? what the fuck have they been doing for the past 3 months?
How dare you ask whether you can listen to music while you study, you think you so white ! Now you better finish the revision book by the time I get back, or you will get it from me.
How dare you be racist and xenophobic11!?!?1 Our lunches belong to everyone of course. Singapore belongs to everyone.
How did you get your parents to agree to pay the bills when they are so horrendous that they broke your fingers? Usually such tyrannical parents will leave you to die. For other abused children, how did you convince them to pay the bills. I had similar, left home but my parents definitely refuse to pay anything as they say I will die on my own outside and will wait for me to crawl back when I cannot support myself. So I gave up school and worked full time to support my rent. Education had to be sacrificed. But I never regret and did rather starve than go home.
How do you even build up the healthcare now. You cant just recuit nurses and doctors like SDA. Those are specialised professions that require at least a 3 year diploma nurses or 7 years doctors to train. Even if you rush to increase intake for those professions what will you do with the excess manpower once covid is over? If you send rush and get more students to join the healthcare industry they might not be able to find a job when its over. There's no easy solution.
How do you even known what the vast majority of Singaporeans think on a particular issue? I know at least 60% of the eligible voting population of Singapore agrees with the People's Action Party's stance. I roughly know the breakdown of those voters too. And even on the off-chance that they do not care about the issue, they would most likely parrot the first thing that comes to mind about said issue, which would most likely be the fact that LGBTs are disruptive or LGBT behaviour is wrong . Funny how the human mind works, it's so lazy and doesn't bother to actually ask if the damn thing that just entered the brain is true or not. And if you're saying even the People's Action Party does not know? You're right in that sense, but guess who crafted that narrative that keeps getting put into the voters' minds?
how do you guys get flagged down for these sale pitches? nobody has approached me in months and i genuinely want to talk to these sales people just to waste their time. the first and last time someone from storytel approached me nearly a year ago, i spent 80% of the conversation asking her if she felt storytel had what it took to compete with amazon. i then started asking her about her thoughts on audio books and what sort of innovations a startup centered around audio books could bring and what sort of roadmap she saw in storytel's business model and the future of the company. she got visibly frustrated with me after awhile and told me it's okay i have to go now . otherwise, in the past when people pitched me something on the streets i do the following 1. when i have the time id act interested for a few minutes and start asking them if they're interested in something im creating until they get annoyed and leave me and they genuinely get very annoyed when i start hardselling them my ideas and uno reverse their tactics. 2. id speak to them in another language with broken bits of english until they go away and act confused. 3. if they ask me what im doing with my life at the moment id just start rambling on and literally tell them my life story and when they try to interject id just keep going until they leave me. im not sure if im the bad guy here but i always looked forward to these sales or investment pitches. for what it is worth im someone who loves talking to strangers naturally and doing this gives me a short amount of entertainment for the day. i honestly recommend using tactic 3 if you wanna build up public speaking skills and to slowly gain confidence speaking with strangers.
How do you know aliens don't have the same quantity of soul as humans do? That seems an extremely presumptuous determination for a human to make.
How do you know they did nothing? Reading the message by blue shirt guy reveals all your assumptions to be wrong. Why would you instantly assume them to be freeloaders
How do you not pay income tax? Am I missing something? We have 2 kids and still paying taxes and we don't even earn that much
How do you train up nurses in 1-2 years? Especially those trained specifically to handle intensive care unit and covid. I double pay and qualified nurses and doctors will appear out of thin air? And they will accept one-year contract positions and graciously accept resignation once the pandemic is over?
How does that work though? By the time you guys get down to the canteen, queue to buy your food, you only have less than 5 mins to eat? Then still need to go back to your classrooms.
How exactly do you know they are new citizens or PR's. people like you are why Indian Singaporeans who have been here for generations don't feel at home in their own country. Would you say the same for Chinese Singaporean who was in Australia if Australia had a surge in cases? I'm sure you'll say yes now but we all know that's not the case.
How I read this is that 20% of the non fully vaxed population over 80's died of the cough cough in the 6 month window, where as only roughly 3% of the fully vaxed ignoring booster that my not have been available all this time
How is it possible that sex ed in 2022 can be more backwards than when I learnt it at school almost 2 decades ago? Back then it was all about fallopian tubes and vas deferens, the cycle and the various hormones, a variety of contraceptives and how they are used, etc. Sex education was basically human reproduction during biology. Not this nonsense moralising or social persecution or exclusion based on sexual orientations. It strikes me as incredibly juvenile they can't even call it sex ed.
How is PSLE and secondary school directly relevant to your working performance 30-40 years down the road?
How is that a stupid advise? BJJ would have helped him massively in this situation. Against a guy bigger and stronger than you pulling guard is your best option. Controlling the distance and his posture would have negate those knee strikes and downward elbows.
How is that guy doing right now? Please tell me he got out of that arranged marriage which has no place in 2021
How is this level of discrimination still not illegal in a country that claims to be so inclusive.
How it feels to have only 2 people in the team hard carrying the entire project.
How long ago was this? I enlisted almost 20 years ago and remembered going for pre enlisting heart screening
How long do we have to keep making concessions - given that we are worried about the seniors as they are most at risk, at what point do we say that we have already given this particular group enough time to get vaccinated?
How many emergency medical services are assigned to a single ambulance? I don't think emergency medical services here sleep in their rig, unless there are no beds available wherever they're stationed. I also think the majority of emergency medical services in Hawaii don't have a set station, either, they get reassigned every so often. And I think the fire stations that do have emergency medical services have two ambulances? Not certain on that. And all emergency medical services live with family or friends or roommates. Are there dedicated living facilities for emergency medical services in other places? Hawaii is so expensive less so than Singapore, however that usually several generations live together, or numerous people live in the same house or apartment to save money. So epidemics tend to spread fairly quickly here, but probably not as quickly as mainland China.
How many emergency meetings and work hours sunk into the 2 pax announcement for this prata flipping 3 days later?
How many fucking days do malay weddings at void decks go on for? Fuck! Pay for a real wedding u asshole, maybe then the divorce rate wont be so high! How can society allow people to get married for 50 bucks? like shit! Quote unquote.
How many people do you want jumping into the drain? The person recording the video might have been the one who noticed and enlisted help. There are a lot of videos that make me wonder why the person recording is recording instead of helping but this isn't one of them. It's clearly a concerted effort made by a group of people and I don't see why you should demean the person taking the video. It's not like watching someone bleed to death instead of calling 911.
How many people in intensive care unit today? How many of the n e cases need supplemental oxygen? Or is the G reacting to the number of cases even with 50% of the population vaccinated? Someone send help or we'll be flipping from lockdown to 2 people to 5 to 8 to lockdown until 2030 while the rest of the world learns to deal with it and move on.
How many times do we have to see the Americans retreat at the sight of war to know that they're just experts at lip service.
How much do you think a full deep cleaning cost? How much do you think would it cost to paint just the kitchen? I am asking this because I have employed deep cleaning in all the houses I have stayed as a tenant. All my landlords barring one were stingy as fuck. If you make an investment, you should also accept and remediate the risks. Landlords just don't want to spend money to keep their investment clean. They just want the tenants to keep feeding them. Tenants don't have any favourable laws in Singapore so it is the landlords who are responsible for the toxicity.
How much do you want? Do you want three meals in a hawker centre, food court or restaurant?
How much do you want? Do you want three meals in a hawker centre, food court or restaurant? is it not the case that the average prices are different for each option?
How old are you to not be educated on the types of comment one can pass onto cultural practices etc?
how the fuck are people pulling the race card when the ad is using the race card in the first place and by all lives matter bullshit you're talking about the indians do it too , yea no shit they're doing that, because the other indians cant get a fucking place to rent because the other races are not renting their places out to indians
How the ruling party fucked with the Presidential election in an utterly incompetent way to install a puppet.
How the SAF didn't use to screen for heart problems before enlistment and accepted that a few people will simply drop dead once in a while.
How to avoid salesperson in MRT or pushcart. 1. Detour slightly from their spots 2. avoid any slight of eye contact 3. wear a earpiece and pretend they do not even exists
How to cancel NS entirely? Singapore is so densely populated by people who have no roots here. Who's going to put out the fire when your house got burned? Who's going to take you to the hospital when you got hit by car? Who's going to protect you when you're about to get punch in the face spewing expletive?
How to interpret this? In-person tuition and enrichment classes can continue with class sizes of up to 50, but groups must be capped at two. Max class size of 2 pax?
how to live in a country with trans rights step 1 protest step 2 get arrested step 3 attract intl media atn step 4 seek aslyum but for real, spore humans right is really what the fuck
how to live in a country without trans rights I appreciate the multi-cultural culture, but can't we just be a little more inclusive?
How to mandate? Are you gonna go into their homes and forcefully vaccinate them? Prosecute them and put them in jail if they still don't want?
How to say shut up and be happy with what you're given without saying shut up and be happy with what you're given
How to sleep when some of us need to stay awake to make some delicious tendies either that or fail on GME?
How to solve when they are so removed from the issue that don't even see the problem? When you have people like small spaces Teo in charge?
how to sound out if everything is silenced? later COP them again for making baseless false statements
How u know is orderly? U reporting live from wuhan? Hk not also not in lockdown and not a ground zero, the people there are also stocking up and clearing supermarkets. afraid to lose and afraid to die is not a just a Singaporean trait
How well is well is subjective. To the minister his bench mark is very different from the ground as expected . Thought ministries like to conduct suvery to seek feedback from the ground? Is there a survey conducted for the healthcare worker?
How will letting migrant workers interact with the community lead to any of the things you suggested ? That was the status-quo before the current state.
how will they prove themselves if People's Action Party has had supermajority for 50 years and resorts to pork barrel politics to secure their vote?
How would I write a letter to my MP about this? I'm a youth and I would like to know as I want to do something about it.
How would life be like if there were no expectations, no obligations, no-things you were supposed to do? A blank slate for you to decide, to think or feel or dance or act or play your way through? What if you were already dead, so every second is just extra, bonus, added on for free? Actually, this is how things are right now. You don't have to live a life based on all those narratives and opinions that society has taught you to. There is no this or that to reach or attain, or live by. Life is here, free, for you to live. Why look through it with such a thick filter of negativity? By almost any historical standard, the modern Singaporean has a higher standard of living than almost any of his predecessors. Are we supposed to feel pity for those who lived before us? The coolie, the farmer, the soldier, all those who lived through wars and famines? Happiness and peace of mind isn't attained when you can achieve a certain material checklist. It comes when you are ready for it, needing nothing else for it to be so. Children don't need money or jobs or marriage to be happy just a friend to play with, a sweet treat to eat, a puppy to prance with, a puddle to stamp in - that is enough.
how would the minister view the vast majority of singaporeans who can't even get into RI?
How would we know if the employee is genuinely unwell? Like how do we verify, do we call MOH? Even that is a big hassle, he said, adding that employees should be made to take a supervised antigen rapid test ART at a quick-test centre QTC . Ya man, how would we know? Employees can't be trusted one, the moment you start trusting them, confirm they abuse it. So many employees so-called falling sick during a worldwide pandemic, how is the boss going to afford his 3rd BMW and 2nd condo for mistress?
How would you like if locals and Indians apply for jobs and the local keeps getting rejected. The firm keeps its investment intact and gets someone who can fulfil their demands. I guess it is a good balance. Don't rent out to Indians and keep getting rejected in the jobs.
How you gonna pay out the bond tho? I'm also a healthcare worker on bond who's pretty much just gritting my teeth and waiting for the bond to end.
However I think if people wanna get a condo, sacrificing their retirement funds for a better house, those people themselves are to blame, not the scheme and opportunity. A key idea behind cpf though is to protect people incapable of proper financial planning from themselves. If everyone was financially responsible and plan for our own retirement, there would be no need for cpf.
However, we might better be able to address the problem if we use the proper term for what these people are experiencing, Gender Dysphoria. This will allow us to sidestep all these dispute about 'human rights' against trans people, and actually help these people solve their issue. So how to help these people solve their issue?
However, when we outlined our plans to live with covid, we also emphasised that we needed to significantly raise our vaccination, and meanwhile we still need to keep infection under control to protect the unvaccinated, especially the elderly. Over the next few weeks, we will make a much bigger push to get our elderly population vaccinated, he said. It would be also okay to let those people make their non optimal decisions. Or make it mandatory. Why does everyone has to suffer for those who resist?
Huat . But seriously, please take care. Don't let 4kg become 5, 5 become 8, 8 become 10, like me. Now I am fighting to make sure 10 doesn't become 15.
Huh i felt like he commentated well . He gave a gd analysis on the diff tactics used by Ito or Mengyu to help them win the point, gave abit of background info on both players and explained why they do certain things for people who might not understand what's going on.
Huh the local police can hit anything? Always thought they were on the stormtrooper skill level
huh what are you on about? this has nth to do with the migrant worker issues in Singapore. these issues shld be addressed of course but what does this have to do with covid?
Huh, good question. I think we were all sold on the assessment that Iraq had WMDs that turns out was based on loose as fuck Intel from the US
Huh, how can one read something but not understand it? I would have become bored within 5 minutes.
Huh, my friends said they felt a gentle shake. I am at Tampines and I didnt feel anything. Maybe we wait for the news. There could be an earthquake near Sumatra or Java again.
Huh, so that's why Luke Skywalker was drinking green milk in The Last Jedi. It was a warning hiding in plain sight
Huh, that story has been tought in primary school a long time already. Unless they have changed the syllabus or that you are not from here, it would make sense for you to not know.
Huh. My wife and kids were all ART-positive, so I made an appointment to do one of those supervised self-test things at the clinic. The clinic I went to was totally deserted. Maybe because I went around 2pm? Maybe morning and evenings are more crowded.
Huh? I remember SJWs making the rounds and using the xenophobia card on anyone who called for a travel ban from China back in 2020, regardless of one's arguments for said travel ban.
Huh? Shouldn't the Taliban and Eastern European States be amongst the first to comment. Taliban has a historic hatred of Russia because of how they screwed things up in Afghanistan and East European states are Ukraine's neighbours who are very much geographically and politically involved in this. Singapore's late response makes ssnese because to be fair we don't have anything to do with the region.
Huh? There will always be people trying to preach or convert for any religion. How does skin colour matter here.
Human babies are most retarded. Takes years before it can walk while a deer calf has to run for its life right after birth otherwise it would be eaten by predators.
Hundred percent agree! I read the above post and I was like, I'm not the average then? Is life really that bad? I also didn't have huge wedding, we went with what we can afford. Housing wise, being able to pay with cpf is great. Also, don't go for flats that you cannot afford. If cannot afford then don't go for resale flats. If don't want to wait then need to pay more. Very unfair ?
HwaChong is more about loyalty than rivalry. HwaChong Alumni is the most loyal among the 3. But they usually don't care about rivalry against ACS and RI outside of sport stuffs.
Hypocrite of a person in context to his piece on local schools being equal. Doesn't matter how bad or stupid another person opinion is , it shows how Low of a character these people are. Scums in white with 0 compassion and emotional quotient for the people.
I 100% agreed that the healthcare system is not coping. Hell, even GPs are not coping well. Went to 4-5 clinics today and was rejected from seeing the doctor just because the clinic is fully booked. Do take note I was Self-Tested ART positive. The pain of driving from 1 clinic to another clinic just to be rejected was upright frustrating. Look I just want to do a Swab and shouldn't take more than 2 minutes but imagine clinics rejecting and you're just wondering from clinic to clinic with the damn virus it's spreading more than I could even contain it. The government is fucking delusional if they think that healthcare is coping well. Hospital has broken down and for sure clinics are the one next. Just ask more SAF fulltime national serviceman to help out already.
I acknowledge it's a controlled substance similar to other amphetamines in many places, SK has been trying to clamp down on it, but you never know when people are desperate
I actually agree with this comment. And please, this is a failed attempt at protest - 5 people protest? And thinking that this will ever be near the size of the HK protests or BLM level, is just plain dreaming. This is the unhappiness of a small group of people. Unfair? Yes but there are many people who feel that they are treated unfairly too? This does not affect a very large majority of the people, and you expect anyone and everyone to bend over backwards because of a small group of unhappy people? And if every small group of unhappy people protest in this way, what will civil life be like? We're a country that is driven by economical growth, and face , yet you expect that unsightly protests like these that may affect businesses be ignored? And maybe you might say that i'm ego-istical or whatever, but you have a large majority that are relatively accepting towards the LGBT group and are not expecting 377A to be severely used. Remember multi-cultural tolerance? This in itself is another form of tolerance from both sides. But obviously you need equality and expect the balance to tip to your side completely. Wouldn't that make the other group unhappy? Or would you also be happy that the balance tip the other way? Also, you also know that to even protest at Speaker's Corner you need to apply right?
I actually agree with you. Shame though, that our native languages are what bond us to our unique heritage and cultural history.
I actually had one of the storytel salesperson point beyond my escalator towards Canberra plaza as I was descending and waved to a person behind me. I did not turn at first but after a second time I turned. There was no one. As I reached the landing of the escalator I did a clap back by pointing at my ear and gestured on a call when there was no earpiece on me.
I actually kinda liked the taste, but the fact that so many people bought into it because PSLE toP ScoReRs All gOt tAKe oK really makes me sad
i actually know quite a famous actor in Singapore, and he started after polytechnic, but only managed to get more jobs when he's 30+. He didn't do that well in school, and sometimes i can barely understand his sms in english. But he's very hardworking, on time, sensible with his money and always show up. So, you might be able to make it too! All the best!
I actually like and respect him for how he handle public speaking eloquently with the Jew Committee or any foreign talks. Really hope he step up and explain himself or apologize. Feels bad respecting a guy only to see these kind of uncouth remarks being made.
i actually like the sterol one. other brands i find are too creamy which may not be the healthiest
I actually love SMS booking, because it's easy to automate. I used to have an IFTTT routine where I could use my Google home to book a taxi with just my voice. Nowadays I usually use the app, but still, the SMS is damn convenient.
I actually own one math hat and also third party yang gang tshirts. Participated in one of the event. Very cool, very inspiring.
I actually thought that whole period was pretty fucking cool. It didn't matter who you were, young, old, student, working adult and etc, everyone was playing the same thing and connecting. It was a global phenomenon. I was being pretty loser-ish at first by judging them and didn't join on the first few days but I had fun afterwards till the hype died down and I quit.
I admire his ability to be so brutal and ruthless with milking government propaganda money and Singaporean movie goers' too. Creatively, he's more bankrupted than Weimar Germany. The fact that you talk about him at all just mean he gets to do more of this in the future.
I admire SengKang's residents who understood the bigger picture for WP to win their ground. GIAM XIA SENGKANG.
I admit don't know anything about Women's Charter so no comments here In the survey done in 2018, 55% support 377a while 12% oppose. It's safe to assume that don't oppose or support are in favour of the status quo. So it's way more than half actually who don't want it to be repealed. I won't really call it pandering when it's the wishes of the majority, that's how democracy works. Personally I would be cool with repealing, but I can see why People's Action Party would rather leave it to the majority to decide. Even the opposition don't dare to do otherwise I'm not here to argue whether anal sex should be outlawed on the basis that its unnatural. I'm just saying that the analogy is valid. All the preparation stuff you mentioned is no where near the level of preparation anal sex does All I'm saying is, the analogy is valid. Because after all you're using the wrong organ for it. Mentioning other cases is sort of a whataboutism. If you agree that humans are designed to have sex with PIV instead of penis in asshole, you would agree with the analogy. It's as simple as that. The analogy is correct, but whether you think the analogy should be used to justify shaming anal sex or outlawing it is another issue.
I agree bullying in school must be handled properly. Ignore him or her is just not good enough. This tells me that the Teachers are not really trained well enough to handle such behaviours. I'm not surprised as the primary role of a teacher is to teach, and nurture , but I guess it's much harder to nurture the bullies. Unsure how schools can handle this in general, it's not a one day change
I agree especially with the lack of a solid opposition here in Tampines, People's Action Party can't risk to pull another manoeuvre like the one they did with HSK or they will lose more than a GRC, so gerrymandering it is
I agree that it is what it is. But it doesn't detract from the fact that it likely is harder for one to find rentals, compared to the other.
I agree that its mostly kids who are blunt and open with racism because kids have no filter and are less sensitive to how others will feel. But the content has to come from somewhere right? And while i have not had many experiences of adults directly being racist to me only three or four events i can think of my friends do mention that their parents and relatives are racist at home during CCE i feel awkward speaking about this because i dont want to speculate too much, this is merely what ive heard from others take it with a pinch of salt It'll be great if it was simply a case of childish ignorance i hope this is the case but i fear it is a situation where kids are openly racist and adults do it behind closed doors.
I agree that NS is important, but ippt post NS is such a waste of time.
I agree that pragmatism should be a crucial factor when planning for wedding. One key issue was to conserve our available resources time and money for our house and parents. My wife and I also had the same understanding that money saved is probably wiser as we can appropriate it in the future as we deem fit. For my wedding it's strictly for immediate family, so just my wife's and my parents and siblings. We registered at ROM and had booked a private table at the nearby hotel. So that was our wedding, which is the important legal binding procedure. Cost about $800 in total including transportation. We didn't opt for diamonds in our ring because it's more ethical and also due to the cost. Engagement ring was a artisan concrete ring and wedding bands were plain white gold bands. Cost less than 2k for everything. We plan to do Chinese traditional ceremony in the near future, without banquet, and we're determined to keep it small and reserved for close family members only. Throughout the way we communicated with our parents to mitigate their expectations and were truthful to them about how we want to spend our resources. I'm a firm believer that we should divert our resources to where it's most needed, instead of bending to the wishes of others that we do not totally agree with. With constant communication, it should do the trick. After all, money is safely in my pocket, words will not pry it out if I do not will it.
I agree that young people finding their own space is a conversation more people need to have! I don't think moving out always needs to be justified by toxic families. It's totally acceptable and healthy for a young person to crave independence and seek it out themselves. Yes, things can go south. The young person needs to understand they are fully responsible and accountable for the decisions they choose to make once they leave the nest. I only began staying out of home in college and got these taken care of by a scholarship. I was very fortunate in this aspect because I got that intermediary step . But it was the best thing ever in terms of my personal development and even for my relationship with family After that it was some house-sitting stints for friends before eventually moving in and signing my first lease with a partner. Actually pretty common to hear some young couples tiptoe around in-laws' houses for half a decade or more while waiting for their build-to-order, just because they themselves not just the parents feel that to rent would be throwing away money. If you have the means, the experience of sharing and taking care of a place for just you and your partner is a huge step. Even if it's just a room or studio!
I agree they should be let in. But 3 week SHN instead of 2 week to catch edge cases. But those who keep travelling in and out of country really headache
I agree we can only speculate for now. There are many possibilities but I doubt that the full details of the case will be released to the public after investigations are done.
I agree with everything you said. Even before covid, raising a child does not make any sense to me. Even after having a super cute 5 month old baby girl, it still does not make sense. But the happiness she brings to me is beyond any kind of logic. In my opinion, things do not have meaning before it happened. We are the one who connect the dots and give meanings to our story. Everyday, I'm grateful that I was lucky with my unrational choice.
I agree with some of what you've, just that my post is merely my own experiences and it just so happened that all the racist incidents I have encountered is from Chinese people. Not saying racism doesn't come from other races too, if you read my replies to other comments here i have also brought up racism my own family impose onto others that i speak up against. But in a country where 70% of the people is chinese, even if there is an equal proportion of racists to good people in every race 70% of the racists will be chinese hence my post was targeted towards the majority of the racists. And you mentioned the importance of evaluating intentions which I agree with. I do it too and I know that when my friends make comments about Indians looking like a gorrilla because we are hairy for example its a joke because they move on to another topic immediately and apart from this comment they dont treat me badly. But that doesnt mean that joke was okay. There is a trend these days with people being too quick to cancel anyone who speaks slightly out of line but I assure you the racist jokes I endure are often completely out of line, just that they are normalised by society hence they can qualify as jokes. Given this I also want to say that there are certain situations where these kind of problematic jokes are okay. Within certain friend groups I am fine if my friends joke about things that I would be hurt by if said by anyone else. Person and context matter, if that one friend im super close to calls me shorty ill laugh and call her piggy for harmless fun but if anyone im not that close or comfortable with does this I will be very hurt. When in doubt whether your friend is okay with you making certain non-PC jokes, ask them or just dont say it. Not trying to attack spitfireviper here or imply that they are racist and wrong, just giving my 2 cents on things too because neither of us can speak for Indians as a whole, these are merely each individuals personal experiences and there's nothing wrong in being cautious not to hurt someone when you dont know what hurts them.
I agree with that statement, ive often observed this in real life where the parents do everything they can to make money. And the generations that come after slowly destroy whatever they have built through hard work. This happens in stages, but this is more of a problem in other countries US, UAE etc , Singapore is quite traditional and values work in that regard, which is good.
I agree with the sentiments largely. I don't want to be working as a cleaner in a hawker centre when I'm in my 70s. So I guess I have to sacrifice something's right now to avoid that from happening
I agree with this very much. I converted to Christianity a few years back because I was very lost in life but then started to have doubts about the existence of the Christian God and what He teaches. I was very serious and took everything they taught as truth, I strived to give my 100%, but then that's how I started to question some of their teachings. My mindset is that if I'm gonna commit to a religion, I better believe in it wholehearted, otherwise it'll be a waste of my life. There's once when my pastor told me church is a crutch for some people in life, is it bad to have a crutch as support? So I concluded after extensive research that religion is like a coping mechanism and makes people feel that they belong somewhere, okay that's fine, people need support. But that doesn't mean their god exists. A person needing support vs the existence of a Creator are two separate topics. people are comforted by the fact that the Creator of the universe cares about them. But people believe to the extent that, like you said, sucks the life out of them. I left Christianity after some time I realised I was doing fine without the religion's help, and even better after I left Some people cherry pick beliefs in order to keep believing in a way they can tolerate. And some people don't leave because they are scared of hell, which preachers warn about but how can you just hear about hell and assume it is real? I refuse to be like that. Either I'm all in or all out. edit thanks for the award! because
I agree with this, Grab have at least made Comfort up their game as a company and made the taxi drivers less choosy. Countless times I had Comfort drivers refuse fares even when they were green as I wasn't going to where they wanted to go but now that doesn't happen very often. I'll always choose Comfort now if they have a taxi available, even when they are more expensive, I use Grab when I can't get a comfort.
I agree with you on all points. My gripe was never about whether we should completely close our borders, though that is my preference, but it's the fact that we were so haphazard and lax in allowing people in. And yeah, to fail at the first hurdle is just plain embarrassing. Compounded by the fact that the hurdle itself was self inflicted.
I agree with you, but there's just one thing that bugs me. We're called the Strawberry Generation?!?!
I agree with you. More people are prolly starting to realise this too. May be one of the reasons why birth rates are decreasing in Singapore
I agree with your post and do not see a need for you to apologise. I also understand you want to include an apology note to appease people who could potentially be angered by this post. That said, I would advise editing this apology note into the post this comment might get downvoted and buried.
I agree with your summary, it generally does sum up the average Singaporean's life. It's really difficult to live a smooth life if it's considered a life at all in Singapore. I do believe, however, that what we can do on our part is try to make the best of the cards handed to us and try not to focus on those that have it better than us unless it helps! . Perhaps the one thing I'm optimistic about in Singapore is being able to hang outside with family or close pals without constant fear of crime, although economically-speaking we are, and will be, in shackles.
I agree, and I also think it's entirely possible that maybe someone did notify the police or station staff at some point maybe they went to another carriage to do it and so they weren't caught on video? Maybe one of them was texting the police at 71999? We also don't know when the beating started and how much time the onlookers had to react or figure out what to do before the train arrived at the next station, or even what they did after the video ended. Not much info is out at the moment so all the comments are based on this one short clip.
I agree, at least put your signature or instagram in the corner. Such wonderful art must have ownership, and people who enjoy it will also want to find more by the same artist.
I agree, but let's also not forget that the benefit side of the cost-benefit analysis weighs heavier for countries that reasonably see themselves as possible future Ukraines.
I agree, but there is a chance where if you get all angry and ranty your message might lose traction if you come across as an angry butthurt person. It's unfair because you should be allowed to show your anger, but a lot of times anger is assumed to be irrational or crazy when it can be an expression of the frustration against injustice. I mean, using a not as serious example Greta Thunberg and Bill Nye vs Jane Goodall or David Attenborough on the climate crisis. Angry vs anxious.
I agree, on a larger scale nobody wants to talk about these issues. Even our laws reflect this, to maintain racial harmony we prohibit hateful speech it's working but it's also suppressing certain important conversations Having avenues to discuss perspectives as a community will be a great solution. people will also be more accountable to their words if the talks are in real life without the veil of anonymity and we'll have less trolls.
I agree, the margin for suspicion regarding these vaccines would naturally be much higher as compared to other conventional vaccines, given that long-term effects aren't fully known yet amongst other factors . Elders tend to stop their children from getting it too.
I agree, there has to be some point in time that we just go forward with the reopening without caring about the elderly. We have gave them enough time to be vaccinated and the remaining are probably die hard anti-vaxx. Then again we will just have to wait and see when the government wants to give the green light
I agree, though I think it tastes a lot like eastern Europe's old school chocolate. To have some context.
I agree. Although Omnicron is alot more transmissible, but of course I'm no expert to say whether it would have been a lot worse or not had the restrictions be lifted. The government had issues dealing with the situation, sure you can continue complaining about the government, voicing your displeasures towards their policies, I support and will do that too, I think the MMTF were clowns and mismanaged many resources too. My main point is as per the author, think about the people that are actually suffering, the healthcare worker, before complaining about the measures. There is no reason why we should make lives more difficult for them when they are already screwed over by the government. Am I going to be able to make radical changes to help the healthcare worker? Obviously not, only those in power can implement changes. But the least I can do, and the least everyone else can do is to be nice towards them and aid them in their duty. Honestly I just feel sorry for them at this point and hope the public uproar will cause the government's opinion on healthcare worker to improve. No need to be aggressive to make judgements and attack a person's character on the internet sharing their views, have a nice day!
I agree. Huge majority of us work for money. If the pay reflects the amount of effort fairly, then people will indeed try harder to make it work.
I agree. I'm vaxxed with mrna, but I'll respect others who choose a different vaccine. I mean, the government did allow the other vaccines to come into Singapore and it's included in differentiated measures, so why can't other Singaporeans respect that. Like what the original commentor said, it boils down to the fact they chose a different vaccine, not that they don't want to be vaxxed. Many vaxxed only lash out at others different from them and think anti-vaxxers are stubborn - most are, i agree - but many themselves are also stubborn and not receptive to others who choose different vaccines, which I don't quite agree with although I did take pfizer.
I agree. I've never had a chance to live with my grands before. So there's always a special sentiment in me when I look at these fine people.
I agree. It is not racism. It's a government making a decision that protects the lives, health, and long term economic outlook for the people who voted them in and pay tax to them
I agree. Let all teenagers irregardless of background work in the service industry for a brief period as part of school curriculum. Singaporean attitude towards service staff may change for the better within a generation or two.
I agree. You dont need to be trained to use elbows and knees . Perhaps people are just saying that so it looks like they are knowledgeable about mma
I almost killed myself 4 days in a row and was advised to admit myself to the hospital. I tried to go to Imh first but they didn't want to ward me, until I went to sgh and was referred to Imh where I was warded I was transferred by ambulance . I've seeked professional help before, and I spent almost every night this past month surrounded by people for fear that I might take my own life. I've done my old hobbies, played games, gone out on walks, watched movies, nothing helped. I needed to be admitted. I think it's common sense that if anyone were to visit an a&e for suicide risk, they would have exhausted all other options. My mum herself is an NM and I wouldn't stress out healthcare worker unnecessarily if I didn't need it. It's Reddit. I don't know you, you don't know me. There isn't a need to be an asshole, that's not what the culture of this sub is about.
i almost never eat during recess in my primary school days, it was mostly catching and running around the school all day everyday.
I also dun want. amazing food And I doubt it will ever get to that It's much more likely that China will pressure asean than Malaysia pressure us, even though Malaysia do play their little games here and there To be honest the weakest link in the chain to asean stability is Sabah and Sarawak , people should pay attention to their happiness and satisfaction to remaining in Malaysia and not have funny ideas Once they get itchy backside China basically win without playing
I also have doubts over the story but it never said he too busy till can't go home. Just that playing safe choose not to go home.
I always go the sorry I'm rushing to route. If you have anxious or tired eyes like me this will help to sell it.
I always prep myself tho especially when I'm out at bars. Muslims rarely go to such places. In any case, I make sure I practice my Filipino accent. Then get ready the line Ma'am or sir, are you speaking malay? I don't understand ma'am or sir. I am from Luzon, Philippines. oof, rarely do I see people attempt to emulate themselves as a Filipino. Creative idea
I always see them talking and sometimes smiling among themselves throughout the session. Could be happening more often than we think.
I always talk to them if I have the time. I WFH so it's good to practice speaking to someone from time to time. But I never ever sign up for anything unless I actually need it and they can give me a special deal. Phone sales is a special case. These guys tend to not take no for an answer very well. Very well, if you insist on wasting my time, I'll make extra sure to double and triple waste yours mf. Some poor guy spent an entire hour trying to sell me a razor over the phone when I made it clear that I don't need a new one and even if I did would never buy one over the phone. He suggested I got one for my gf then instead. Told him she doesn't shave her beard. Hmmm why not get it for your relatives then, xmas coming etc. If you pull shit like that it's your own fault that I then act interested for a whole hour only to then ask what it costs and then obviously you give me a cheap price and then I come back with why so cheap , what's wrong with it? .
I always tell them I can listen for free on libby, and borrow NLB books on overdrive. Their salespeople are so scary and aggressive it makes me not want to try whatever they're selling.
I always thought I needed 8 hours of sleep. until I went army and realized I just needed 7 hours of rest not sleep
I always thought otters were a great real-life representation of Singapore's mascot, since the merlion itself looks kinda clunky.
I always thought they would see your hand as food trapped in web, and the first instinct would be to bite to paralyze you .
I always wondered, why is there a need to cram in tuition, supplementary lessons, CCA, enrichment classes ? . When I was in primary school, I told my mum that I couldn't be bothered about tuition classes and was sleeping through them, and it'll be much better if she kept the full sum amount until I felt I was ready and need it which I did later in Secondary 3 or 4 . The leftover amount can then be passed to me when I'm older. As for CCA, I barely went in primary school, nothing really interested me. Basketball and Judo was fun in secondary school, but I only went consistently for about a year each until it got boring 1 year is a pretty long time to have fun . I went for remedial classes if my teacher felt that I needed it, I only took some other lessons such as piano outside of school when I told my mom I was interested in it. I learnt the rest such as photography, cooking and others through YouTube and Google. National service can't be escaped, so there's that, but it can be beneficial for those who go on to sign on, attain scholarship and get paid while getting close to free university. Aside from that, the benefits of the country outweigh NS by a fair bit. House ownership is affordable compared to other very developed countries look at what you get in the west , in comparison, build-to-order and grants make it affordable although the downside is that the time for ballot and waiting do take considerable amounts of time. We have 0 capital gain tax so investments are very fruitful here, we have a range of food from cheap to expensive. Personally, as I grew up, the lesser stress I felt in terms of education as I went on to study things I was more interested in and actually care about to put in more effort. As for the environment, we are making efforts, electric vehicles, sustainable energy, recycling, ocean cleanup. Yes, we still need to do more but it's not something easy to manage at scale. As for covid, your kid is not going to live through 20 more years of this. I already feel like we're drawing pretty close to going back to normal. Personally, I am still able to give this another few more months of wait, I empathize greatly and have my own set of struggles as well. But I honestly think having been vaccinated it's more of the government relaxing restrictions over the next half a year. I'm not worried about covid, but about the amount of tests I have to do, possibly getting fined and the 10 days self-isolation which is difficult to carry out. WFH is quite a blessing no matter how you compare the pros and cons for me as I am also WFH , 2nd hand smoke is annoying but personally I turn on my aircon quite frequently with windows closed but I empathize with those who prefers their windows opened in the day but have to deal with that. Rising house prices is inevitable just do some research , and it's hard to manage. I am hoping to work hard and smart enough that I can afford a private property myself in the future whether be it in Singapore or overseas. But mainly, if I can work through my daily, weekly, yearly goals to some extent and live a happy lifestyle which differs for everyone that is sustainable, I feel that I should be grateful already, everything else is a bonus. In conclusion, personally I feel if you have the means, bringing a life into Singapore is already half the battle won for them. I am so thankful my parents were here and were able to guide me until my teen years, rather than being born in a 3rd world country. I wouldn't have been able to survive there, even if I could, I don't know if I want to.
I am a novice, just a previously enthusiastic gym goer. So my unprofessional personal opinion is that we can consider resistance band training. This reddit thread is one starting point for learning about it My additional two cents of caveats Buy good quality bands. There are different qualities of resistance bands being sold. Based on my googling and reading reviews, many bands snap with minimal use. Also, many of the exercises involve anchoring to an external fixture e.g. a door, but this may damage the fixture or cause injury if the external fixture is not strong or the anchor is not fixed properly to the door. This is not a sponsored post. For me, I bought a set of Undersun resistance bands google Undersun resistance bands on amazon , which from reviews amazon, reddit, etc. seem to be of a good quality. I've only used them three times so far, so cannot speak from personal experience how durable they are, but they do seem to be of ok quality. I don't use the door anchor, as I don't want to damage the doors, or risk having the door fly out when I'm doing a chest fly and have it smack me at the back of my head. No need to go for their workout subscription, imho, you can just youtube James Grage e.g. for different types of workouts. They won't replace your weights for sure, but so far they do seem to give my muscles a decent workout. Just remember that unlike weights, the maximum tension is felt at the end of the movement, so don't be in a rush to go back to your starting position once you reach the end in order to get the most of the workout.
I am a school student, can confirm. Of course I'll be sleeping in class if I wake up at 5am.
I am a Singaporean Indian Hindu, please ban all the flights, Singaporean live and health comes first than a fcuking nationality issue. Please all stay safe and secure! Praying so that this covid 19 will pass away soon.
I am addicted to zefir. Good shit. Is marshmallow made out of apples. The fuckin best
I am all for slamming eye power but there are diminishing returns on additional manpower. At some point additional idiots just create more work Source aku white collar minion
I am alot older. I was from an elite sch too. In my generation, we were mostly poor. I worked in factories, hawker centers and retail every school holiday before university when I was growing up. I want to say to OP that this builds emotional resilience, which is the most impt quality to have later on in life. Life is tough in so many ways. My children were from elite schools but I encouraged them to work too before university. They did f&b and gave flyers at MRT. My daughter worked in the expo last yr and experienced being cheated by her boss. I find these experiences invaluable. I am hoping this thread gets noticed. I hope there will be a movement to get students in Singapore to work, say, after secondary 4, in service jobs. Perhaps for a month in that year, perhaps as part of the sch term. They shd be mixed with students from different schools and streams. It wld be best if they were similarly attired so there is no dressing up or down. I am encouraged by the response of young people here. Your generation can try to make a difference. Say thank you at the hawker centre, greet the security guard, treat others well.
I am also a social conservative and a woman. There's a lot of things going on in your statement. I think what you mean is as a man or woman we cannot ignore biological tendencies, not gender roles which is socially constructed and changes with time. I agree that I share a similar issue with the LGBTQ spectrum and how some people are liberally changing their genders according to how they feel, and expect others to accomodate to that volatility. However like you've pointed out, gender dysphoria is a legitimate medical issue that Singapore has actually recognised quite early on. And it's one with few solutions. I believe if trans people do not have the right as you say to impose their reality or medical issue onto other people, then it's absolutely within their right to be able to surgically and medically be able to change their sex. In this case, if accusations are true then this particular student's transition should not have been interfered with from a solution perspective. Although like you I disagree with the adherence to pronouns before transition, which also shows commitment that differentiates it from the people who are simply just doing it for whim.
I am an Indian. My Father used to stay at Woodlands when he worked in Ang Mo Kio. Our raction to the notes was similar. Was really surprised to see that plastic coating on the notes. Man I miss Causway point.
I am Chinese and I am seeing an Indian girl. Yes Indian girl at hairier but alot of Indian girls have a nice curvy body. You're replying to a post about racism with Heh, I like a girl of this ethnicity because of sterotype 1 and stereotype 2 . I. think you didn't get the message.
I am Christian agnostic because I love the teachings of Jesus to be kind to others and treat everyone equal. But when I said it is unknown whether heaven or hell exist and we might repeat this life most Christians will bash me strongly. I am also open-minded and wish for everyone happiness but a lot disagree with me if it doesn't conform to their beliefs or certain phrases in the Bible. Happens across all religions.
I am christian and I agree to stop walk-in service. And shift to online or remote services. Just have 5 crew setup and people can login and view. No hassles. Or just have the pastor&host hosting the services.
I am cool about my kids whatever result when they have tried their best. I am glad i know my good buddies during Ns who are my best men during my wedding and still keeping in touch till now. I close my windows or take a break outdoor if i do not like the smoke or noise from neighbours. I do my part in reducing waste and recycling. I enjoy the time with family members when we have more time together for bonding meals and activities during covid restriction. The point is you have control over those imperfections, looks at bright sides of things and be contented.
I am fairly certain, there will be more excuses for not opening up even if we hit 70%, even if we hit 80%, we will live in this endless restriction state, fucking tiring .
I am falling in love with Comfort these days. It reminds me the time where I can just flag and get the cab for way less than what we pay now for Grab. Good old days
I am foreseeing the lawyer will cite mental issue causing stress and uncontrolled anger and leniency will be again imposed on mental grounds
I am going to be the odd one out. What do you guys the bystanders to do beside calling police?
I am going to say from a layman's legal standpoint, your build-to-order or HDB flat was a matrimonial flat and to keep it you have to remain legally married which in Singapore's case a man and a female becoming husband and wife. You decided to change your gender which then makes this marriage void in Singapore since we do not recognize same-sex marriage. Given that matrimonial flats needs to be disposed off if the marriage is no longer valid, then your as per HDB policy you will need to sell the flat or it gets taken back by HDB. Now, I maybe wrong it maybe possible for someone who is above 35 to buy the remaining shares of the flat in a divorce from the other partner, but in your case, I am not sure. While yes, it is a terrible experience to go through but I don't think you have any real legal standing here unless policies changes.
I am gonna get downvoted for this, but it is the tiny size and irrelevance of Singapore on the global stage that allows for this moral high ground. And even then, if China invaded Taiwan tomorrow I don't think Singapore would be able to do something like this.
I am half Chinese, half Indian so take what I have to say with a pinch of salt. I totally get where you are coming from. growing up I was neither accepted by either race, too fair and not Indian enough, has a Chinese name but why your first name is Indian, name it I heard it before. I think the only way of changing people minds is to not care. You don't want to be fair you go, do you. At the end of the day, I find that people who are confident of who they are are those who don't care and are themselves. learn to love yourself. sending you hugs
i am half filipino and i have only recently realised that i have repressed any desire to embrace filipino culture because of the racism i faced growing up. i also use self deprecating humour to deflect the racist shit people say. in school i also took pride in being able to do well in chinese sap school, argh and always leaned into my chinese-ness to fit in, which i realise now is a minor privilege in itself. sighhhhhhhh
I am more Godly than you if I can take something to the ridiculous extreme. This has been around as old as religions have.
I am not defensive of air India monopoly. I think it's dumb. I am defensive of Singapore's policy to continue letting commercial flights ply because there is extremely little risk The crew from these airlines don't even disembark. They are all turnaround flights as far as i know. The flow of people is already regulated. There really is no chance for the virus them to sneak in unless it's on one of our own countrymen which would've come in on repatriation flights anyway. But there is a robust system in place in Changi to detect this now. I agree that it is infuriating that in the past two weeks there have been clear cases of Indians trying to sneak in from third countries like Bangladesh Nepal Sri Lanka Pakistan etc but the government has put a stop to this. Airline staff are literally checking every page of a traveler's passport to make sure they don't have exit stamps from these countries in the last 14 days. Lastly, you need to understand that Singaporeans stuck in India do not have the luxury of traveling on demand - I was personally one of them. I had work responsibilities there. I have colleagues still stuck there with no end in sight. If you remove these options for them it just makes it even more mentally and psychologically tough for them to make it through.
I am not emotional but this shook me. I have seen marvel superheroes saving the world who I thought never existed. But I was wrong, I see them, meet them every day, they are between us saving the world. The sacrifices everyone involved is making is exceptional. No amount of money, no gift, no kindness can pay back their debts. It's not enough. If you are reading this, you are our superheroes. I thank every one of you and pray that this suffering ends as soon as possible. God Bless!
I am not healthcare related, so are my family members but we all received it through sms and email.
I am not part of day to day life here as much as I would like as an ex pat. people do keep to themselves. But the impression I got over the 6 years I have been here is that people get on pretty well. Certainly there is a lot of effort put into multiculturalism by the authorities. I think there is more real nasty racism in the UK. Especially among the elderly. The British can be horrendously racist. people get beaten up. It's awful. But it's patchy because I have an Indian friend who is well off and very pretty and confident. In all the years I have been going out and about with her I have never seen her have issues. It's very different for others though. From conversations with Singaporeans it seems everyone thinks everyone is getting a better deal and resents it. Old immigrants resent newer ones, new Chinese are disliked the most. It's when times are hard we get more tribal and people are feeling the economic pinch. The best way forward is to mix us all together as much as possible, in schools and in our careers. As a pre school teacher I saw that kids are just fascinated by differences but not in a bad way. The rot sets in much later. I think I am about to get schooled on prejudice soon. My white son is marrying an Indian girl and I think mixed race marriages are still frowned on here?
I am not saying they r pest. A similar example in overseas where rabbits r pest despite it being our pets. because their overpopulation with no real predators to keep the numbers in balance.
I am not seeing how the waste ammo strategy is going to work in this context. The objectives of the invasion are completely different from the objectives the Soviet Union had against the Nazis. In World War Two the Soviets were trading ground for time, in the end when it was time to push back they managed to build sufficient equipment to push back PPSh-41 submachineguns were common by the time of the push back, and the T-34 could go on even footing against a Panzer , not to mention being able to receive Lend-Lease aid to bolster their capabilities. Every day they can stall for time, the stronger their rear echelon gets, while the Nazis have to keep bringing stuff from the rear to keep supplying the war machine. The same thing is happening in Ukraine, but this time the Russians are finding themselves in the wrong side. This time, Ukraine's capabilities gets stronger the longer they can stall. In opposition, the Russian invasion force gets bogged down as they burn fuel and consume cash they increasingly don't have. In addition, even if the Ukrainians waste their ammo on lower value targets, there is an assurance from the rest of the world that they will get more ammo by the time the next wave arrives. And it remains to be said if the actual professional military is going to perform much better in combat than whatever they are bringing today, considering special forces are already getting put through the wringer right now.
I am outraged, not because I think he should serve in the regular army just like the rest of us, but because he managed to successfully chao keng where I couldn't.
I am pretty sure it is born. While I agree with this, I think it isn't the role of the government to criminalize or regulate sexual activity between consenting adults . The religious can still have their beliefs that homosexual sex is wrong, they can even believe that homosexuals will burn in hell or not go to heaven or whatever they want to believe in. I just don't think that they should be able to impose their beliefs on others. All hail the flying spaghetti monster!
I am pretty sure it is born. Women are very attractive, great listeners and make great partners. However I do not feel any sexual attraction to them. I do not see them in a sexual manner.
I am probably going to leave for work overseas in the next two years once I accumulate enough years of experience. Singapore tech scene really isn't that great unless you're into dubious fintech stuff or you're Li Hongyi, . If ideally, even before SHTF I will be able to leave and get a job pretty much anywhere, even if it's mediocre-paying. You can stand and fight, and die young and glorious and I can die in my bed, old and wrinkled.
I am really grateful my parents were not like the 'elitist' parents. Whatever grades i got in school they would encourage me regardless of whether it was good or bad. They also taught me to be humble and always respectful towards others especially the elderly. Simple actions like 'bowing down your head' when walking past elders to show signs of respect and a simple thank you was always emphasised by them. These actions have led me to not overestimate myself especially academically. Even if i did decently well for exams i would still evaluate ways that i could improve further i.e. studying habits or if there was a flawed in my understandings . This has largely contributed to me being able to secure a spot in a local U - which most 'elitist' parents' goal for their children is. Basically what I am trying to say is stay humble which helps with personal growth as it helps you see yourself as a person with flaws that requires constant improvements, compared to viewing yourself as a perfect being.
I am refusing the vax as it has microchips in it Says the anti-vaxxer who carries a phone with him everywhere.
I am saying that I am surprised that news of overwork does not appear in local news if we are really that sleep deprived.
I am seeing more and more posts all about living in this ever evolving expensive and competitive country! It's just best to move out of this place and start a new somewhere else more worthwhile. Of course there's all the savings and career involved, but you have to sacrifice something to get out of here. Just my pov.
I am so happy and excited for my SengKang friends for what's to come! Honestly wish that People's Action Party lost either or both coasts.
I am sorry to hear that you have had to endure these racist comments. None of those comments are acceptable and people who've made them ought to be thoroughly ashamed of themselves. Let's be very clear - pointing out instances of racism is not playing the minority race card or being too sensitive . We should never be afraid to speak out against instances of racism and condemn such racists in the loudest possible voice. To the OP, I'd like to say that you should keep speaking up against these instances of racism. people will come to your aid. Yes, even Chinese Singaporeans like myself will speak up and condemn racists. One of the core fundamental values on which our country was founded is equality and fairness for all races, religions, ethnicities, etc. Those who do not cherish and live out those values should take a long hard look at themselves.
I am sorry, and I feel you, sister. Growing up, I was very tanned, looked more Indian or Malay and faced a great deal of racism here. Now that I'm older, I've somehow become a bit more Chinese-passing. people still ask me what race I am, and whether I'm Singaporean. I once had someone ask me that, and then tell me I look Chinese. I was surprised, and told her that people usually assume I'm Filipino, Indian or Malay. She looked horrified. like I had just repeated an awful insult, and was like, NO ! YOU LOOK CHINESE ! There's a weird sense of resentment from that. having grown up being called all sorts of names and dealing with all the microaggression from Chinese people, and then now having them rush to sorta claim me as one of them. I'm often told I look totally Chinese and it kinda pisses me off to be accepted in that way now. At the same time, it's a privilege. One that I'm very much aware gets me places that an actual Indian or Malay person wouldn't be able to go as easily.
I am still occasionally haunted by dreams whereby i just woke up to find that i've not studied for an exam that i'll be sitting.
I am surprised that you are surprised. I mean, even oral sex let's not even touch anal sex is still a crime under section 377A of the penal code. Yes, we all have heard the it will not be pursued or prosecuted refrain, but then why not just repeal it once and for all, since it is no longer valid ?
I am very glad your experience sharply highlighted Singaporean's bad culture - elitism and superiority, which prompted you to write this post to further raise more awareness among redditors in Singapore. But unfortunately, our bad culture is not limited to just which school my child is attending, it is everywhere. Some common unfounded basis for discrimination includes jobs, nationality and race. We typically tried to ignore labour workers, such as bus driver or cleaners. Just recently, I have a Singaporean friend marrying a foreigner and the parents commented that it is a downgrade . This friend, at around 30 years old, said on a separate occasion that she will never allow her children to marry another race. Note These are my observations, not my actions. I am stating these as examples of discrimination that are still happening in Singapore, please do not downvote because of these examples. I voiced my dissent at the time of these instances. So let's challenge ourselves to take actions to be more accepting of others. Smile and slightly nod your head down to bus drivers, cleaners and any person who serves you, or even better say thank you . Remove the mentality in yourselves that human can be segregated by any labels - schools, nationality, race or gender. We are all human, sharing this beautiful Earth with many other amazing living things. For OP, it will take courage on your part to reject being labelled. Coming CNY your relatives will be asking which school are you going to, and then sound their approval or disapproval . Take it upon yourself to ask them what is their opinions and have an objective conversation with them. At the start of your JC, there will be orientation and there will be far fewer students from other neighbourhood schools, take it upon yourselve to really interact with them and discover their individual characters and strength as a normal friend. Note I am just using your word, but labelling schools as good or neighbourhood is already discriminatory
I am weighing my options as I try to get my degree. However, I will say this. I have no faith in peaceful protesting. The People's Action Party knows that they have the upper hand simply because they have the monopoly on violence and do not need to accede anything as long as everyone plays by the rules , which, by the way, can be changed at any time the People's Action Party pleases. Chiam Swee Tong wins a defamation lawsuit? Congrats, now the opposition has to run their constituencies. The Internet actually becoming a useful tool for the opposition to get attention? TIME TO INTRODUCE A LICENCE NO ONE NEEDED AND POFMA. And so on. And this sad state of affairs has only strengthened my views on why properly and peacefully protesting any cause will eventually fail. If you really need any more proof, J Edgar Hoover managed to successfully blackmail MLK over something MLK did not even do because of his apparently successful civil rights campaigns, just to get MLK to back off from a protest. Let's not even talk about Malcolm X, the guy whose support and armed groups were the reason why MLK could be as successful as he is. And if you really believe that Nelson Mandela was arrested for simply singing catchy protest songs, waving around cardboard and starving himself, you'd be dead wrong. Hell, it took a WORLD WAR to get the suffragettes what they wanted, and even then they had to get violent. I am not advocating anything. I am simply laying out the facts as presented.
I apologise I meant that SC and PRs can still come back. India has control over their air space. You think they give a shit about what other countries think if there's no economic impact to them? And I agree there are calls for fairer distribution of flights - USA, Europe all made challenges to India's rule and got exemptions to fly. Singapore didn't, possibly because of political reasons.
I apologise if my tone is inappropriate or rude. If I get downvoted to hell by a bunch of defensive parents, so be it.
I arranged a drinks session with my mates on Wednesday. I was telling them that the way things were going, this may be out last night out for a while. True enough.
I asked my friend if she could see the otters eating the koi and she asked me Is it actually the drink
i assume SPF bullets are the same, usually bullets used by police forces are usually designed to fragment upon hitting a target to prevent the bullet from over penetrating and hitting non targets. Because of this, such ammunition is actually banned for use in war by the geneva conventions
I assume this will get downvoted, but to me it kinda seems necessary to have this level of caution around such a deadly virus. Like say a doctor from Wuhan really wanted to fly across the world to visit their family, should they be allowed to just because they worked so hard?
I average 5.5 hours on weekdays and about 8 hours on weekends. Who are these people sleeping in two more hours than me?
I basically follow the multiply by 25 rule for retirement. Maybe 30 if I am pessimistic about the future.
I beg to differ and I see another path. Why are we growing non-stop? Why build T5 when T1-T4 are not even at 80%? Why 6.9m? Why can't we settled for 4m or 5m even? Less mouth to feed, less resources needed. Our economy won't be as good. But we might be happier. Less competition, more space, more recreation for everyone. I much rather see an empty green space for kite flying than a new build-to-order moon estate.
I beg to differ, Russia economy is in decline year on year not solely of Putin's leadership. It's how the west labels russia as a villain. US played as the world police at every available opportunity and encourages the whole world to impose economic sanctions on Russia that resulted in the sufferings of average Russians. Putin and his friends will never be impacted by those western economic sanctions, only average Russians trying to survive. I am not defending Putin or his friends, but the average Russians who didn't choose to be born in a post cold War Russia. its the same as how those people mentioned in the article are behaving by boycotting and asking people to boycott an innocent business.
I believe I'm a few years your senior but yes, some neighbourhood secondary schools in my area were notorious back then. And like you, I've had my fair share of getting into trouble just because i happened to look at one of them funny. The bad apples in mine were known to have poles kept discretely in the vicinity of the school to use for fights.
I believe it is to some extent learned. Over in this thread you will find stories of guys who 'somehow' fell into some weird fetish thing Not saying that homosexuality is analagous but i think on a basic level there must be some ways the mind can environmentally be stimulated to develop different sexual preferences. I would say that if people can develop fetishes, and sexual pleasure is the goal then a 'common' fetish is heterosexual sex with opposite sex but you can breakdown categories by 1. Orifice 2. Gender 3. Age 4. Size 5. Presence of equipment 6. Presence of roleplaying 7. Type of animal Etc so the 'normal' fetish will be 'vagina or penis', opposite gender, similar age, normal build, no equipment, no roleplaying, human While 'homosexual' fetish will be 'butthole', same gender, similar age, normal build, no equipment, no roleplaying, human
I believe part of the healthcare worker's disbelief is related to the fact that news headlines constantly bombard that hospitals are coping well or sufficient beds and manpower, everything is okay mentality, when it's the opposite on the ground - where war is being fought daily.
I believe Taiwan's conscription currently is like 4 or 6 months? And they can split it in half and serve during their university holidays. According to the NCA, male citizens born after January 1, 1994, will only have to serve 4 months in Enlisted Military Service or 6 months in Alternative Service. The 4 months of Enlisted Military Service could be further broken down into two sessions of 2 months boot camps.
I believe there was another kid dabbing at the president or sth liddat someone make a compilation of Singapore's bright future
I believe there will still be many people from Sengkang GRC or other parts of Singapore not aware of Jamus and the potential contributions or concerns from the ground he can bring to Singapore politics. Please, I urge everyone to share the video widely, especially to your friends or family members in Sengkang GRC! Let's educate and persuade them to give WP a chance. Let's make a difference!
I believe this is not only in Singapore, but it is true in many other countries. but then again I think the answer is fairly simple. don't do any of those things you said. You dont need to be married to be loved, and you dont need an expensive weeding to be happy. Also, why would you buy a house to become a kind of slave for 25 years to stay always in the same place? When the world is so beautiful and there are some many awesome places to visit and great people to meet? Don't follow the standards of 1950's. they are outdated, simply life the live that you want in the way you want. Hope this helps.
I believe this. My dear friend, who used to live in the US until moving back to Singapore, told me that he gets like 4-5 hours of sleep every night. One of the reasons why I worry about him so much.
i believe you. also, the amount of Chinese people online supporting Russia's invasion is truly chilling.
I bet you it's getting ready to invade that juicy plot of land next door
I blame People's Action Party. Singapore should be atleast GMT +7 but they decide to use GMT +8 to align with HK and KL.
I blame the +1 time zone shift which I feel we should get rid off due to advances in technology that made the advantages of it irrelevant.
I bought this from Shoppee! I guess they changed the design so the younger kids can relate to the device better. The one I had as a kid was also the game boy colour version.
I called them out because of their comparative geopolitical relevance, but if you've kept up at all I didn't think it needed to be said that basically all the other global players big and small have already made their moves, even Japan who like us has little more than business relations to think about.
I came across one outside of paya lebar MRT, told me them no and walked away ,so yup.
I came from one of these 'elite' schools maybe 5 years before the motherhood statement of all schools are good schools came out . If they're anything like they used to be, they don't believe an inch of this statement. You're told all the time you that you're the elite in Singapore and all that jazz. Culture is extremely elitist and focused on academic grades lots of fluff on the side to pretend they're doing holistic teaching . The sense of entitlement created is solely based on 'you had good grades for that one exam you took when you were 12 or 13 .
i came into this thread and came out feeling like i'd read twenty threads worth of edmw.
I came out to two of my teachers in secondary school when I was not attending classes and struggling with my identity. I broke down crying in front of them asking for help when we had a 2 on 1 private talk. They were understanding but guess what? They forgot about it and continued to call me the wrong pronouns so F me I don't know why I'm getting down voted for speaking about my experiences.
I can almost hear my GP teacher showing this image in class and asking what is wrong.
I can already hear the blaring of the fan, the humidity of the room, the plastic cover on the textbook and the plastic-like feel of the textbook. My highlighter is running out of ink in faded neon and one finger is locked at the back of the assessment paper. My brain reeling from the food coma and lack of sleep and I still got part 5a,b, because,d,e,f and I havent showered but the show is on in the next 9 minutes. And I am already near my 30s to feel like 13.
I can assure you, the majority of the ones moving home are moving home because they can no longer afford to pay rent. support aging parents, or provide some kind of support or another are being used as convenient excuses, because nobody likes to admit they can no longer afford rent.
I can attest to Singapore being advanced enough because we have our own custom modules onboard don't ask me how I know but I wouldn't have imagined it being more advanced than USAF line aircraft.
I can feel you! Laying on bed not doing anything is very comfortable after a long day of work However, I always try to spend my own time doing something else that is meaning, chit chat with friends, reading a book, study, etc.
I can foresee how this goes. Companies train monkeys. Monkeys become food deliverers. Locals losing job. Locals angry. Blame government. government say dont be zoophobic.
i can imagine explaining what is karaoke lounge to the next generation of kids like im a relic
i can only imagine the conversation leading up to that. ok i give you 3 tables of angpow for your daughter only 3 tables? my daughter can cook and sew , figure very pretty some more. 8 tables! but her nose a bit too big. 5 tables can? ok ok just for you, 5 tables ok
I can really relate to what OP says about the way people of high SES treats people differently, depending on their SES. in my opinion they're just people living in a safe space for too long and really forget about the realities on earth. Got to symphatise for their children for being raised in such constricted environment. Hijacking OP's post here. And what happens when you tell a person from low SES you're going into a top JC? They tell you to be humble and not brag about your place in an elite school. I was working as a cashier at a supermarket and although the supermarket was located in a relatively more wealthy area, the cashiers were mostly aunties and uncles who have worked there for perhaps more than 5 years and were seasoned workers . There were also a few younger workers whom I got the chance to talk to and were more open with sharing their opinions with me. I didn't immediately quit after JC started jc 2 now , and worked on the weekends, but basically everyone knew which school I went. On my last day, this guy, who was also working as a cashier and just recently finished his polytechnic, told me eh brother, remember stay humble . I nodded and, well, quit. At that time I merely thought it was a passing remark, or that that guy is just too opinionated to tell me how to live my life, but recalling back the remark now, and also linking it to my experiences with people of higher SES has shown a difference between the mindset of these people. A person of high SES would scoff at you for being low class but treat you with equal respect as they would want others to treat their offsprings when you're what they consider equal to their children. On the other hand, a person of lower SES would frankly tell you to keep your chin down in order to survive in society, regardless of whether you are high or low SES, as they merely want the best for you, or just a piece of advice from what they might have experienced. On one side one is self-absorbed, and always aiming for the best, when they already have the best. While on the other side one is self-directed, and treating everyone the same way.
I can totally relate to this. As someone who was born and raised in Singapore but just happened to be half ang moh the amount of times I have dealt with outward racism and people threatening violence to me and shit talking me behind my back to my malay and chinese friends is quite shocking. Every single time it was about my race. For someone to say there is no racism in Singapore, they would have to be extremely privileged to not be able to go through it. Hats off to those people because ignorance truly is bliss. The People's Action Party has made multiple strides to curb racism but that does not mean it does not exist. Thank you for opening up about this. I feel far less alone.
I can understand why political protestors are arrested - they threaten the ruling party's power. But this? How does one justify locking people up for wanting basic human rights?
I can understand your viewpoint due to your lousy experience, but to generalize a whole country's doctors to have less empathy due to a few encounters is quite a stretch isn't it? I'm pretty sure you can find shit doctors in your own country too, and I can easily tell you about empathetic and caring doctors I've encountered in Singapore.
I can't believe I can't even go to use toilet in a mall now?! - copy and pasted word for word
I can't believe it, Seng Kang residents really warmed the cockles of my heart! NEW TOWN COUNCIL INC jamusoppa
I can't completely speak for my nursing colleagues but I feel it's not just salary at this point maybe to attract or retain staff but having more manpower to share the workload. If you'll like to learn more from the nursing perspective, I recommend IG sgnightingales
I can't identify with it either, but based on the comments I guess lots of people do. I'm 31, take home pay is $2.5k, staying with parents, no car, don't really travel, mostly eat cai png, can't get married or have kids because I'm gay and a socially inept redditor, have good savings and investments, on track to buy build-to-order at 35 and hopefully retire at 55. Sometimes I buy a game or two during Steam sales and it keeps me entertained for months. to be honest I kind of envy the life in OP, especially the family and housing in one's 20s.
I can't imagine how the parents of the victim must have felt knowing that their child was murdered in school.
I can't picture him representing Singapore on world stage. Titans and nationalists like Xi and Modi are gonna bully him into accepting more unfair FTAs like CECA
I can't say that Singaporeans are brazenly racist or xenophobic. I can, however, say that most Singaporeans are largely elitist and classist.
I can't vote this election either. But if I could, I would vote for the WP regardless of my area code, because I think they deserve a chance, and we deserve to move away from a one-party system.
I cannot believe this happened in RV, I swear when I was there people acted like kissing your girlfriend on campus was like a national taboo or something Now someone's dead, what?
I cannot speak for NSW and Portugal though Portugal to my understanding still has social distancing + mask mandates but Denmark absolutely do not have even a similar caseload to Singapore's. It has since surpassed both the US and UK's own peak in covid cases per capita, and hospitalisation increased by 50%. Even a Danish official has mentioned that they shouldn't necessarily be a model for other countries, as healthcare systems vary by country. I highly doubt Singapore for example, can handle an additional 50% load.
I chatted with the first few but after that I tell them I'm rushing somewhere or that I prefer physical reads.
I checked. Their McChicken a la carte is 112. Which is almost the worth of the $2 shown in the video.
I completely agree with you. I never understood the perennial complaints about Singapore being excessively focused on grades, money or general materialism. Singapore is a great place for startups 1. Taxes are low. 1. There is significant government funding or incentives or rebates for new companies. 1. Most young adults stay with their parents so that creates a huge safety net for entrepreneurs. 1. A large number of VCs and like-minded entrepreneurs are based in Singapore. 1. Easy access to South East Asia and China especially with the political situation right now in HK . Above and beyond that, we also have Unprecedented peace. We are almost nearly a century away from the last global conflict. Advances in medical science means that people are living longer and healthier lives. The recent covid pandemic has resulted in a resurgence in interest in anti-ageing and longevity research given that age is a significant co-morbidity. Being able to reverse ageing will allow us to cure all age-related diseases such as cancer, heart diseases and Alzheimer's. A lot of work is being done behind the scenes to tackle climate change. Plant-based or lab-grown meat may result in a reduction of fertile land being used to grow meat instead of trees which can reduce greenhouse gas. There is an increased acceptance and move towards renewable energy - many countries have given themselves a deadline to move away from ICE cars. AI and automation. Low level menial work will be automated away. If this comes with some form of universal basic income, perhaps we can move away from the work-to-survive mentality. We also see many countries exploring WFH or 4-day work week models.
I concur with you. But I feel a bit sad for HSK? I mean he's not a bad DPM or MP, and all his actual experience and years of service in different adminstration portfolios I have a friend who's a long time teacher said HSK was a good minister for education when he was in the position could be even easily outmatched by popularity of Nicole Seah? I'm not saying that she is bad or incompetent though! I mean I just dunno how I should feel about this .
I concur. I was referring to a recent post where SGAG stole someone's content from reddit, just gave a throwaway comment on their post crediting the OP, and put an SGAG watermark on the very content they stole. It's general shit behavior like this and their lack of humor that makes me abhor SGAG.
I could be wrong so I want someone to fact check this. But i remember hearing the reason is partially because of our timezone. We might be GMT+8, but we're supposed to be GMT+7 according to our geographical location. Since most of us wake up at 6am ish ? , the sun should be up by right, but not here and that subtly screws with our perception of time once again this is all from memory so I do not know how correct this is
I could list all the names I was called being chinese in a sea of white growing up in the US. Everyone is racist.
I couldn't care less of what you think my post is or is not. One thing that you completely fail to understand is the subjectivity of experience, and the acceptance of it. What OP went through was on one extreme negative end. What I experienced with my colored classmates was on the positive side. And still I could acknowledge his or her experience. You on the other hand, seem completely triggered that I shared something not in line with OP's experience. Makes you seem like the rude and condescending one. Should I lie then that my Indian classmates were experiencing racism just to back OP up? your entire post my entire post has 3 parts. You overgeneralised the first, ignored the second, and took out of context the third. Why reply if you are going to say something that doesnt help or add to the conversation. its like the only comments you permit are ones that offer only words of sympathy and nothing else.
I couldnt hear the illiterate part. But perhaps his arguments could have been terrible with no proper substance hence the RI comment?
I craved independence when I was 14 to 16, but had a sudden change of mind, I had always thought my parents were the controlling kind, but ever since I matured abit more and cared less about the bad points, Ive started to become much closer and want to spend more time with them. To all of you who have toxic parents, I feel genuinely sorry for you, no joke. I will never trade my parents for anything, and hope I can live near them to spend time with them if I move out.
I currently have a panasonic gx8, which is weather sealed so I don't have to worry about a few splashes here or there. Other than that I just kind of walk around, very slowly, with an umbrella tucked into the crook of my arm. It wasn't raining very hard for most of the day.
I currently have friends who say publicly that trans people don't exist, and multiple people in the same class agree with absolutely no pushback, it's not a generational issue my guy
I dated a woman from Singapore. She would say the most racist hateful things completely unprovoked.
I definitely don't get enough sleep but it's not just due to work, family dinners or friends catch ups or activities here and there or netflix or all eat into my evenings. It's like I set myself up to fail having 8 hours of sleep. Including browsing Reddit right now, when I could be sleeping.
I did 2 projects on this spider. They're very fascinating. The male spiders are tiny and red just a few mm wide , you may be able to spot them on some of the webs. Only the female spiders look like these.
I did an experiment on plastic money, tried burning a corner of a smallest denomination banknote. It's all the same for vietnamese, australian and singaporean banknotes they don't burn at all. Deforms a bit, but that's it. Lighting cigars with it would look quite funny.
i did see a lot of videos of ammo depots being blown up by the russians
I did until damn otters ruin it. I'm not hating the added free fish flavor though. Bonus.
I didn't know about the gold! Do you have any sources for me to go down the rabbit hole?
I didn't know not wanting to have broken fingers and being waterboarded as a punishment was being entitled.
I didn't know the US wanted to make Iraq into the 51st state? Ukraine was time and time ready to negotiate but Russia being the shitty ex that keeps harassing Ukraine at the void deck and now straight up breaking her HDB door, what you want us to do?
I didn't know they have that. I only know the compulsory $2 for the Chinese association thing every month from the pay
I didn't know this and it's surprising. but back then it was the Wild West - anything to counter Russian influence in the region - and something tells me American security apparatus likely led Singapore into the weeds on this for instance making it an irresistible deal? Was there any journalistic work on this?
I didn't say it dosent work. Regardless. Pfizer has fully released their data, might wanna read up. Most people main concerns will be highlighted from page 30 to 39. Make your own conclusions after.
I didn't say we had to do anything of the sort. Imposing sanctions in line with what everybody else is doing isn't really a high risk venture, we just happen to like to do it late just to be extra safe.
I didn't see any comments suggesting you to call the bank. So do that and inform them that you were also pressured into this. Also. Learn to say no. Saying no isn't confrontation at all. If saying no is confronting then saying yes would be the same.
I differ from the idea that if we were in their shoes that we would be like russia, undertrained and unmotivated, by the fact that we have no where to go. we cannot afford to be unmotivated, because right behind us is family and home. so we will be motivated to push in and hold the line.
I differ in my thoughts on this issue but let's agree to disagree. It depends on what kind of summer jobs are being taken up by the individual. There are summer jobs that do help in advancing one towards their career, from networking opportunities or knowledge gained about the industry. There is also the difference in taking the number of ccas. I don't find it necessary to be like some of my friends to have 3 or even 4 ccas. Does having the extra ccas help them in getting a job over me? I don't think so. I have 1 cca too but I make it count. Another thing to note is what cca are you in and what industry are you intending to enter. Does entering a performing arts cca help you with joining the consulting industry if thats what one is looking at? It may but it depends on how you are able to express that link. It does help one escape the rat race by giving one a headstart. I don't wish to boast but for me, I am most likely able to graduate by paying off the school fees myself and still have 5 digit in savings. It may not seem like a lot but the few hundreds or sometimes over a thousand you make every month does add up. Ultimately, it is up to your time management. You can have 2 part time jobs with enough time for cca or you can have all your free time filled up by your cca. It is your choice.
I disagree with you a bit because I think the responsibility of looking after the estate facilities and scenery rests on the town council instead of the MP. And I think perhaps because you haven't started working, you haven't seen how heavily dependent on external workers our country's economy has become. You mentioned this already, and I'm impressed with your self-awareness. About foreigners in our economy, there are certainly talents, and some of them are really nice people. But from what I experienced, productivity has taken a hit - in two different companies or industries, I regularly helped foreign colleagues to check basic English in their work. I don't know how common is this elsewhere, but it's a task that can be done by one person, and I believe there are locals who can also do their jobs. Local students who've gone through our education system, if only they were given the opportunity. These are jobs with good prospects and growth. But oh well. You might see it or you might not. Sign on or join the government or civil service less competition.
I disagree, being happy in life is the best revenge. While they keep looking up at people 10 cents richer and cry about it.
I disagree. A country has the responsibility of caring for its people, a ban on citizens' entry is a lazy act which Australia has been widely criticised for. The length of SHN should be extended instead, which has been done and is the right change in protocols in my opinion. The potential problem we have with travelers from India and a number of other countries looks to be that a minority of them are testing positive for the virus only after 14 days of SHN. It is possible that new variants of the virus have a longer incubation period and extending the quarantine period by one week should be effective.
I disagree. I'm Chinese and people make no assumptions about my religion. I cannot say the same for my Malay friends.
I dislike the current batch of ministers especially Lawrence Wong as much as anyone, but you are stepping on dangerous territory. or
I do agree that some people are responsible. But I don't agree that the vast majority you used have its basis in stone.
I do agree with the 99 year lease - because freehold will spike up property prices due to scarcity and people who are born poor will struggle more if they do not have any inherited housing. But 99 years lease and exorbitant pricing? that one I really don't understand and don't agree with. HDB is supposed to be affordable.
I do encourage all singles to move out and experience it at some point in their lives. Having said that, whatever your relationship with parents, do communicate properly, for overly protective ones indicate early for them to be mentally prepared, do your math, follow the guide laid out by
i do hope all our citizens are all safe out there in india. i also hope and pray india can get through this hard times.
I do not know about MMA, I trained in karate. More of sport than fighting. But those punches are real. He isn't arm punching
I do not know actly, I think got mix. Sometimes they invite the speaker over to give talk. Sometimes they use the slides. if I remember correctly the speaker talk more about the premarital sex. And usually is class-by-class the talk one speaker is one class, next day is another Maybe is just them one.
I do not know but in Singapore, my Singaporean Malay colleagues also wouldn't receive to bring to the office fridge packed up corporate gifts from associates which contain pork.
I do not know for me as a muslim i was told not to touch dogs saliva only so dont touch dog toys etc im not sure if its the same for other muslims
I do not know if u're from singapore, but in singapore, a single person cant buy hdb until they are 35. No restriction on private properties but most younger singles def wont be able afford it.
I do not know if will make u feel better but i love robbing my indian friend's lunch box. The noodles his mom make are amazing. Wait, does that make me racist?
I do not know man, killing 80% of the world and getting away with it, is not a very anti-war message.
I do not know man. SAF doesn't seem to mind to pay for a SIA plane full of NSMan. How expensive can it be?
I do not know you don't need a Muay Thai coach to teach you how to fight against a guy who only blocked
I do not know, personally I'd pick a short but happy life over a long and painful one. Although many of the long term effects seem to be just minor inconveniences and not so major yet, for now. It has just been 1-2 years since the start of this covid thing so we'll have to wait, see and observe in the years ahead.
I do not see how Ministry of Education can be providing education on a matter that is illegal. To do so will imply that Ministry of Education is not just condoning but abetting such illegal acts. The family is the basic unit of any society and it comprises of a heterogeneous couple. That's the only known way to propagate offsprings. Ministry of Education's priority, being a part of the government, is the well-being of the larger society not cater to fringe groups that contradict societal norms.
I don't admire your choices. In fact, I was in a similar position last time. But this is what I believe. If you don't at least give the oppo a chance and bring down the People's Action Party's percentage vote in your constituency, good candidates would hesitate to stand there. Look at how Jurong GRC was left till the end before RDU decided to pick it up. WP has always concentrated on the East not only because it's in the region of Hougang, but also because it's the area where past voting results have shown lower support for the People's Action Party. Like Eunos GRC back in 1988, now split into Aljunied and East Coast. Please don't spoil your vote. When you do that, you are not even taken into consideration for the percentages for or against. You are just. disregarded. In the same category as those uncles and aunties who don't know how to mark a cross.
I don't care about how old he is, or who he is. I only care that when people choose to judge someone, they judge them for for how it truly is. Judgement of others needs to be done fairly. However anyone feels doesn't matter. If emotions and bias cloud judgement, and you don't look at all the realistic possibilities, then the judgement is likely to not be accurate. Plus, it's very easy to twist a cause into a weapon. See feminism and all the feminazis. Or BLM in America where there's lots of them weaponizing the movement for their own purposes.
I don't care for the reasons. Just stating it as a fact in contrast to people decrying our own gestures and the consequence their own students are facing in Ukraine as a result of said silence. Not judging nor evaluating India's political stance. edit looks curt reading back but just stating where I'm coming from on the matter.
I don't care if people want to live by such rules. But I think some should be more concerned with what comes out of their mouth than what goes in. Live and let live. But usually preachers from major religions backside itchy.
I don't disagree that the government shoulders blame for this, and if you look at my comment history on this sub you can even see that I've been pushing against the government fearmongering from well over a year ago. Fucking called it. Regardless, people should be WAY more afraid of hospitals than they are. The number of people that die from hospital borne infections is massive, and going to a hospital when you AREN'T sick is just fucking reckless. Then again the hospital are designed to operate at 80-90% capacity during normal period. Yes, that is it's own problem, not to mention singapore has one of the most toxic environments for junior doctors in the world.
I don't disagree with the need to have closed up the borders to those countries earlier, but I'm specifically addressing your point on the diversified manpower sources. You call it a 'basic business concept', have you heard of the basic business concept of keeping costs manageable as well? Or are you willing to perpetually pay 15% more to buffer against the once in a generation kind of scenario like this? You are just talking nonsense your point of bringing up the extra 2% GST adds nothing to this conversation and is just aimed at stirring up emotion about 'oh boo hoo i have to pay more'. Grow up.
I don't disagree, but I still buy it sometimes anyway when I'm in mood for a junk. At least its better than Burger King's oversized junk.
I don't disagree. But definitely to the issue about health care collapsing. definitely caused by opening up too soon before it is ramped up.
I don't even know which university or schools my colleagues went to unless they bring it up as part of a story they're telling. In the end, who fucking cares?
I don't even look at them in the eye. I just walk past them as if they're not even exist.
I don't even wanna see it. I just know it's bad. Like I took a dump in the morning and it made me feel good and that dump was the movie.
I don't get it. If someone is talking rubbish then we should call him out. But if the is a minister then we need to use respectfully multiple times in 1 message? fuck no. rubbish is rubbish.
I don't get the praise for this post. Guilt tripping those that want a normal life with captions we're dying one by one . This exact fear mongering of the population is why Singapore is literally not going to be normal until at least 2024. Anyone that wants their youth back is slapped with WHAT ABOUT THE healthcare workers or WHAT ABOUT GONG Sad state of affairs
I don't go on social media much, but has there been a lot of people saying that it'll be racist to ban flights from X country?
I don't have one. sorry! It was meant to be a quick sketch for National Day to post on my fb.
I don't know about you, but when I was born I didn't choose my race or gender. My GPA, experience and language proficiency came along later. Owner deserves to put in the effort to receive and then actively overlook candidates that they may be prejudiced against. That's the cost of creating an opportunity for business to be non-discriminatory even if later, it turns out it isn't . I don't see it as wasting tenant's time either. They might learn something about the block or area, even if the owners never going to rent to them.
I don't know if actual details about the case will be published anytime soon. Especially if it's another student intentionally causing it
I don't know if you meant that they should have aimed for his leg or something but in training, we are taught to always aim center mass to reduce the chance of missing.
I don't know much that can be done about helping these specific protestors, but for the issue in general it's simple to at least have some impact be welcoming, be explicitly inclusive, and call out bullshit when you see it. It matters a lot more than you might ever think or know.
I don't know what you guys are on about but let's clarify a few things. for your information I'm a healthcare worker affected by the TTSH cluster. 1. There is no evidence so far that the current cluster at TTSH is directly related to or caused by the ongoing spike in cases in India. In fact evidence based on publically available info seems to point towards the cluster being initiated by local transmission ie a singaporean brought it in . 2. We have already banned most people travelling to Singapore from India or those who have recent travel to India. The ones who are still allowed to come are our own Singaporeans and PRs. We can't deny them access because they are our own residents or PRs. These people already have to do an extended quarantine of 21 days and if they turn sick we have a responsibility to treat them. If you're spouting nonsense and riling people up without evidence then maybe you don't really care about other singaporeans. You're just using the issue as a thinly covered veil for your own xenophobia and racism.
I don't know who you are, but I'm already proud of you for your post. I hope that if or when you get into Singapore's elite, you'll still have this level of empathy for people. A small corrective to your post the different schools don't really sort people based on a fixed intelligence. The debate goes on and on, but The data clearly shows that early inequalities in life often compound over time rather than average out, affecting everything from differences in health and incarceration rates to success in school and all other aspects of life. To use another sports example, in his book Outliers 2008 , the Canadian journalist Malcolm Gladwell documents the rather strange fact that there are more players in the National Hockey League born in January, February and March than any other months. His explanation is that in Canada, where children start playing hockey at a very young age, the eligibility cutoff for age-class hockey programmes is January 1. At the ages of six and seven, being 10 or 11 months older gives one a distinct advantage over one's competitors. Since the older players tend to do better, they end up getting more playing time, and as they progress through the ranks they are selected for better teams and more elite programmes, receive better coaching, and play more games against better competition. What begins as a small advantage, a mere matter of luck, snowballs and leads to an ever-widening gap of achievement and success. - from
I don't know why, but I honestly believed that this kind of crime didn't exist in Singapore.
I don't know, is that something set by the mods? It was a normal post when I posted it.
I don't mean to be rude but you still don't seem to accept the simple fact that homosexual acts are illegal here. This is a legal matter, not religious. And a large part of the law still being around is due to religious reasons the most vocal anti-LGBT people tend to be from certain religious groups . So what do you want Ministry of Education to say? Ok class, this is illegal but if you want to do it, this is how to do it safely ? They can just give the sexual education which probably should include anal sex given how even hetero couples do it . No need to state healthy heterosexual marriage and the likes that implies anything that's not heterosexual is sick. Just like the trans student case, Ministry of Education could easily sidestep the issue by just not putting their anti-LGBTQ views in the open. They could have used the student to avoid misgendering but they didn't. Here, they could have just done a proper sex ed to teach students how to protect themselves but instead, they had to make it all about promoting the importance of family as the basic unit of society , which has absolutely nothing to do with sex ed.
I don't mean to be rude but you still don't seem to accept the simple fact that homosexual acts are illegal here. This is a legal matter, not religious. So what do you want Ministry of Education to say? Ok class, this is illegal but if you want to do it, this is how to do it safely ? Until the law is changed, it really is a difficult topic where education is concerned.
I don't normally get nostalgic for this kind of thing, but I haven't been back to Singapore since 2015 and this shot really makes me want to go. Awesome photo!
I don't see 377A being enforced anyway so not sure what's the big deal. Actually, 377A has been enforced numerous times Even if the law isn't being actively enforced for the time being, the AGC still has the power to prosecute at its discretion. In fact, it is paradoxical to have a law and explicitly not enforcing it. But expecting a government institution like Ministry of Education to openly challenge the law is just being silly. I don't think challenging the law is very relevant for OP's subject. Repealing 377A does not necessarily mean the government encourages homosexual relationships, much less recognises homosexual unions. It merely means that consensual sexual acts amongst gay men wouldn't be illegal. In Singapore, consensual penetrative sex amongst women is legal since 2007. It doesn't mean that Singapore recognises marriages wherein both spouses are women. There are plenty of countries that don't criminalise sex amongst men and concurrently do not recognise homosexual marriage. Of course, Ministry of Education is not expected to challenge 377A, at least not for me. Be that as it may, I hope Ministry of Education will review other gendered policies, such as repealing boys-only corporal punishment and extend the same protection to all individuals regarding school medical examinations
I don't see 377A being enforced anyway so not sure what's the big deal. But expecting a government institution like Ministry of Education to openly challenge the law is just being silly.
I don't take the attacks personally either. just doing my civic duty . I understand why you wouldn't bother though.
I don't think anyone in a similar position has commited a crime on that level since
I don't think door games need to be so expensive. My friend's games were like, compose some poem about the bride, eat some hot sauce, and the angpao to get in was like $50.
I don't think Halimah Yacob will be very useful inside a shellscrape. That is not a shellscrape. That is a trench. So many upvotes and an award some more. Goes to show most redditors on have never done NS before.
I don't think he is suggesting that the word Nordic incorporates NZ and Indo. He's saying that a lot of Malays move to the Nordic countries for the reasons he outlined. That doesn't rule out that some Malays move to other places too.
I don't think is necessarily elitism but maybe a deep warped sense of pride that lead to a belief of an elevated social standing. However their thinking is still gutter level, sorry you have to go through this, our only best hope is not for the kids to be like their parents, real ugly.
I don't think it has anything to do with that. Unlike Chinese and Indians, Malays are an unusual ethnicity so she chose to be Hispanic to fit in.
I don't think it'll work, the government won't budge but I do respect the protesters for the cojones to even do it.
I don't think it's a Singapore thing exclusively. I mean, what's the point of it all? he who has a why to live can figure out a how
I don't think it's an issue of empathy. To them it's an issue of morality, of right or wrong. We have to wait for the number of LGBT supporters to outnumber the 377a supporters, which would mean waiting for the older generation to die out. Or hope for the government to pull an India, which is unlikely
I don't think it's possible to separate the demeaning racist intent from the just an opinion in this context. As a Chinese, you're free to think lion dances are weird. But I can assure you that Chinese boys laughing at a Malay traditional dance aren't just expressing an artistic opinion on choreography.
I don't think Malaysia and Indonesia is interested in us that much. Post war, Singapore is just another land with no resources among thousands others they already have. If anything it's China invasion behind the scene is more frightening, using us as the arm extension to South East Asia.
I don't think Malaysia would want Singapore, given its separation with Singapore before. Chinese would be more likely, since china wants every chinese to be in its sphere of influence. Russia is too far.
I don't think properties are good capital investments anymore. Most of the gains were already made in the past 2-3 decades. But given between a pure expense rent or an asset that retains its value, choice is obvious. The only reason why I haven't bought more properties is there are better returns investing in other assets.
I don't think Russia has done very much to dissociate themselves from their history. Well they're literally stalking Ukraine like an overly jealous ex-boyfriend.
I don't think so. Tan See Lay was clearly facing Vivian, when he said I'm from Monk's Hill , and if you listen carefully, it continues on with VB saying, I know. inaudible
I don't think the sub is saying yes to that, but I think you should know Australia is banning even its own citizens from flying back home if they've been in India in the past 14 days.
I don't think there's much sympathy anymore for that age group. I'm glad someone said it. That group themselves say they gonna die soon, dunno why we give them so much importance
I don't think they can just fire a warning shot as it's a neighborhood setting with civilians, a stray bullet could damage property or even kill someone
I don't think they're self-crediting here by using 'we', just using the term to refer to a large group of people - in this case, the 'community'. It's probably more of a positive comment on community spirit and the willingness to help, rather than the person going I was a part of this! . On top of that, we have no idea what this person did anyway. Maybe they were the one who noticed the cat, or was the one who called for help, or was the one who found the umbrella and net. We have almost no context.
I don't think this is about racism, maybe it's more of singapore government bowing their heads to corporates? Who demand their Indian national workers to come into Singapore?
I don't think this is whataboutism. There's something to be said about laying the context behind the action to help us understand better why someone did something. Understanding doesn't equate to agreeing. We can report that someone stole a loaf of bread, mention that the thief was poor and hungry, but still not agree with the action or crime itself. Likewise, laying the political context of NATO and USA's actions leading up to this war helps us to understand the context in which Putin made his decision better, without agreeing with the decisions. The commenter even said explicitly that Putin was wrong.
I don't think we disagree - it's about how much effect the sacrifices have, and having 3 or even 4 ccas might not be worth it. And obviously if the side-gig is industry-related then all the better. How common such jobs, the occurrence of 3-4 CCAs and their workload is something else. Re your other reply I think there has to be clarity about opportunity costs. How much pleasure should be foregone for income? Bear in mind the original post is, at it's core, about obsessing with finances and living an enjoyable life in Singapore. It's inevitable that some feel they've plateaued or are left behind, I don't think it's right to say they shouldn't complain.
I don't think you should use that argument to disregard the fact that there are some very serious issues about quality of life for Singaporeans. We should still discuss about how we can improve than just point at a worse country and call it a day.
I don't think you understand what a spectrum is. If you have 6 choices of colours to choose your new iphone from, do you have a spectrum of colour choices for your new iphone?
I don't think you will or should be downvoted. Even if we support the measures as I do , it is right to acknowledge the human cost. Personally, I might also prefer to take the risk if I were in your friend's shoes, and it would be cold comfort to me to hear that overall it is for the best. But that's life, I guess.
I don't trust the fucking process fam, you tell me to trust this fucking shit blud, seriously blud
I don't understand the focus on unvaccinated. It's very clear that the vast majority of those unvaccinated are medically unfit for vaccination. I don't have direct proof of this of course, but I am inferring from every compulsory vaccine in Singapore and their vaccination rates. BCG is the only vaccine that has full coverage in Singapore, in the 99-100% range. Every other vaccine including MMR, polio, Hib, Hep B, and tetanus have a coverage of 90-95%. covid currently have a coverage of 83%, however this includes 10% of ineligible children. This makes the 12+ coverage of covid vaccination be at 92%, within the 90-95% range. For partially vaccinated, this is at 85%, which is equal to 94% of adults. This means that those who choose to not vaccinate is estimated to be around 1% of the population. I don't know how these measures can improve our situation.
I don't understand this ridiculous mentality that you should break even or earn from your wedding. Its an occasion for close friends and family to celebrate this joyous milestone with you. Their love for you should not be measured by their wallets.
I don't understand why companies still think hiring part-timers on commission basis to hard sell a product outside MRT stations is a good way to boost sales and public perception of the brand. Storytel actually has a decent hard product if a little pricey , but it's these fucking salespeople that give people a bad impression of the brand.
I don't understand why many older people still discuss what secondary school or JC they went to. It happened 40 years ago, big deal
I don't understand why people are throwing around allegations of elitism. Leong Mun Wai's performance in parliament was absolutely atrocious. Imagine having to sit through the whole trainwreck- my reaction to watching the proceedings is to want to close the video as soon as possible. Vivian probably made the comment as a joke more than anything else. If anything, Vivian's jab could be considered an anti-elitist jab- we expect RI to be the elite school, yet their grads turn out to be so bad. But yes, it should have been something said in private rather than in parliament so as to prevent misunderstandings.
I don't understand why Singaporeans can't just be amiable to everyone. It shouldn't matter what caste or class you are, treat every person with the respect and courtesy you would want for yourself.
I don't understand why storytel can't be like any other tech startups and just spam the web with their ads. Feels like their kind of marketing doesn't work at all.
I don't understand why these people are finding it so hard to grasp that if you break the law you're going to get arrested. It's their job for gods sake. Not true. You can break the law with respect to 377a and no one will arrest you or so the government promises .
I don't understand why they are so soft on this. like, what do they lose by saying must not ?
I don't want to be motherless . But honestly I'm just waiting for my older siblings to HOPEFULLY meet her expectations and have a huge wedding, and then I can relax relax a bit.
I don't want to know. The only challenges available for us to find out is one I will not want to experience. But seriously, Volodymyr Zelenskyy . What a man.
I don't, but try being an Indian and broke and a foreigner. If money makes people treat me better I'll take it.
I dont know who shot. But if this is a real shot its crazy as they stand all in a half circle. Only the one he is running to is not shooting other officers. But could also shoot on the cars from where the video is taken.
I dont know why I feel so betrayed by Grab. They were the good guys. Somehow ironic their roles are switched now.
i dont mind giving. DM me on ig yongyichuaaa and yes . not bad 2nd person to get it right
I dont play or follow this sorts of things. but i remember the day it came out, people outside office buildings looking at their phones like zombies. well, more zombie-like than usual.
i dont recall the tissue seller cursing me saying i will go to hell for not buying their overprice tissue
i dont see the point of waiting till may 8. Like i said before wfh shouldnt even be lifted in the first place. whats the rush of opening things up. well im just gonna be waiting for the next lockdown mates. who's with me
i dont think got to do with race . more like Singaporeans like to talk trash about caste system . but they also have thier own caste system . ie no conti driver need to give way to conti driver else must fight if never give .
I dont think it will be as bad as last year. Companies have adjusted and pivoted their IT systems to support the sudden increase as well as policy changes and strategies to onboard new hires virtually. So shouldn't be as bad as 2020.
I dont think its racist to protect the value of your capital asset. It is their right to do what their culture prefers, it is also our right to preserve something we paid alot money for. Also my worst experience is with PRC chinese to the extent i am wary to renting to another one again. Not saying all are the same, but it an experience that taught me a lesson.
I dont think the point was to claim that its a grest job, but merely that theres a big difference between earning 600, whilst having to pay for your own food and accomodation and earning 600 with both provided. That said, the former case is almost a death sentence in Singapore so its not saying much.
i dont understand this chart - the total bars dont add up to 100%. so this is a percentage of cases who died in this timeframe against total deaths throughout the pandemic?
i dont understand this chart - the total bars dont add up to 100%. so this is a percentage of cases who died in this timeframe against total deaths throughout the pandemic? This chart shows the proportion within their respective group and not against total . So across groups it should not add up to 100%.
I dont understand why you all rest in peace him. His placard no smiley face what. Should be fine
I dont want to explain or rationalize anything, but As a chinese i just want to say this I'm sorry we're this fucked up.
I doubt any of my colleagues would like the restrictions to be in place any longer either I too long to dine together with my fellow doctors during breaks, to have the workload reduced without because+ patients and manpower NOT constantly pulled away, to be able to apply for leave or travel, to see my baby nephew on a regular basis and visit my elderly grandparents without fear or guilt . It's not meant to guilt trip. I cant speak for the cartoonist's intent but I think we are just asking for a little bit more understanding, patience and frankly kindness when you come into contact with your next healthcare worker. Thank you.
I doubt so. And as courageous as the Ukrainian president is, there is no denying that he is using this as a rallying call for his citizens as well as to make a show to his international colleagues.
I doubt there's anything like a majority in Singapore that thinks this law makes sense. But a few noisy groups say they speak for the majority. The most dangerous foreign influence in Singapore is US style Christianity.
I doubt they both intended to have 8 to 9 kids for the pair of hands, or at least your grandmothers did not. Kids were an inevitability of having sex in the days before IUDs and birth control pills and condoms and vasectomies. Your grandmas also did not have the financial independence to be able to simply say no to having sex without inviting other tradeoffs. That is why you see even rich women have few kids these days. Even if you have enough money to hire all the help you want with raising children and an extra pair of hands always helps even if you are rich, it is still a very high cost for the woman going through pregnancy, childbirth, and breastfeeding. There is yet a government to offer a sufficient carrot to women to get them to have more kids. I am sure there is a number out there that works, but I am not sure which government can afford that number.
i doubt they can clean up anytime soon, the police will need to send in the CIDs to investigate the scene for evidences first.they'll probably have to stay up late today to do the cleaning up tho.
i dunno about you guys but the price itself is fucking ridiculous, forget diversity man. The rent is day light robbery
I dunno how recent is that update, but as far back as 2011 when I was in my BPT Basic Police Training , its always been shoot to kill and you only ever pull your revolver in this kind of situation.
i dunno man , as far as I know , whoever has the most power and money still calls the shot.
I dunno why you need to type all this out because you made your bed now you lie in it. Suck it up.
i edited this fully on lightroom. Didnt want to crop as well to keep the photo in the centre
i encountered them at tpy as well! there's this lady that was so insistent and couldn't take no for an answer. she keeps walking alongside me and yak yak. and asked intrusive questions like where you rushing to and is it meeting boyfriend or girlfriend? what is it to you? just shuddup and fuck right off! or they will mansplain to you about audio or ebooks! hello this 2022 not 1922!
I enjoy living here and I'm not rich. I've got a room, fast WiFi, friends, family, good food, safety, education. I don't think a person would need much more than that for a good life. people keep talking about how stressed they are, but where's the stress really? Working 8-6, earning a decent income. You don't worry about your next meal, you still have money for hobbies here and there.
I enjoyed Part 4 the most out of all the others. It's reservist men, so its surprisingly and refreshingly accurate about how 'slack' some national serviceman are and the interaction between the sergeant and the national serviceman is quite accurate too more brother- brother, and less siao-on spec
I enjoyed the fact that his request for us to vote for the Workers' Party was more of an afterthought, rather than the actual crux of his concluding statement. It solidified my faith in Mr. Jamus that he values truth, rationality, and the interests of the country, before his party.
i experience a tudung female cashier send me to male cashier in JB because i buying beer at Giant. i don't know i need to pay at a cashier at the liquor section. but here in Singapore tudung female cashier work at Don donki.
I experienced this too. They were all over Kent Ridge Station, I had to deliberately avoid the sales people by running to the entrance when they were distracted. They were very persistent, even when I said I was busy, they still followed my footsteps and tried to stop me. Don't blame yourself, it's not easy to reject such persistent salespeople. I wish we could do something about this, especially when they were blocking the only entrance on the way to NUS
I faced similar challenges , I studied in Singapore till primary 4 and I went to India to study abroad then after finished my studies I came back for my enlistment and when I was in BMT most of my bunk mates used to call me A nigga because of my skin tone and since i was in India for the past 7 years I didn't know how to face the situation . But the important thing is I didn't mind them that much I just ignored them and when the time is right you will find people who accept you for who you are , after my POP when I went for my vocational training and when I got posted out I met some people who accepted me for who I am and for the first time I felt happy so I think it's better not to change who you are for others though it may be hard , we just gotta hold on .
I feel bad for all the f&b workers who will probably have to go a month without income.
I feel bad for the officer who had to fire, definitely not a pleasant experience to fire a live round at someone. And also the following paperwork.
I feel for both kids. 1 dead and 1 turned murderer. How come no warning signs.very sad. I cannot imagine the parents plight. Their lives now upside down.
I feel for you. I hope PM Lee's national day rally speech will give you a glimmer of hope. I have lived overseas for many years. And yes, being a minority in a foreign land does invite its fair share of discrimination. So I feel you. During times when you feel down, remember to hold your head high. You deserve better
I feel liddat a bit rude la. I normally say 'no thanks' and a smile just once. And continue walking on.
I feel like every generation says their generation sucks, even though the data shows progress with each successive generation. Thank goodness this generation has Our World In Data to debunk Malthusian beliefs.
I feel like Halimah might stay and organize some kind of mass cooking effort to feed the troops. But Lee Hsien Loong is really quite frail and will need to be protected in a bunker.
I feel like I have a better understanding of what you're getting at in this post because I read Crazy Rich Asians last month. Obviously my knowledge is very limited on this but I definitely learned a lot about the Dynamics of the area that I had no clue about. Same snobbery exist in the US as well just usually shows up in different forms.
I feel like its pretty common for people to become more religious as they get older
I feel like parents or teachers should educate childrens to respect other races because just because all of us have or may have different skin color? does not mean we do not have feelings. We're all the same inside, racism is really wrong to be honest. we shouldn't discriminate others by their skin color or anything. We should all really like. think before we say something? Society is B U L L S H I T rn. like absolute bs. to be honest, i feel like society is getting worst i'm really sorry for saying it, please don't hate me TT i'm just stating facts . I'm sorry to all the people that has gone thru racism or anything they dint deserve. Love to yall. And i'm not sure if you can call your friends 'friends' cause like i feel like if they only became your friend after you force yourself to fit in sorry for assuming if you forced to fit in or not, I do not know but still, sorry i know it may be hard like having friends because of etc etc but trust me, you just need to meet better friends who accept you for you, your race, your culture, etc uk? anyways, have try to have a nice day people scrollin thru.
I feel like perhaps on some level, I was brought up in an environment where people behaved this way - friends, classmates, teachers etc. not so much my parents though - as immigrants, all they cared was that I stayed in school. Now that I'm much older 30 , what I've realized is - though our experiences are perhaps vastly different, we end up in the same place, mostly. It's not like I ended up a minister or some crazy high-achiever. I'm in a 9-6 job like most others who did not go to so-called 'top schools'. Everyone's just trying to make it through. In the end, it doesn't matter. What matters is really how you sleep at night - how you treat others, how you treat yourself, how you deal with anything life throws at you. There's just no point in making others feel small. On another note, I've noticed this problem is so much more prevalent in singapore than in other countries just because this is such a tiny place, so everyone knows every other school and it becomes too easy to judge people based on stereotypes of each school's students. This must be the only country in the world where people ask 'which schools did you attend?' to know more about you. School, not university or course!
I feel like Singaporeans have a tendency to shit on anybody in a store or serving role. In my home country any teenager actually going out there to earn some cash and experience would be praised.
i feel like that one is different since he got brainwashed by an adult but yeah i rmb last year got a 14year old that killed his dad so my bad i forgot
I feel like these people are very selfish. You see their logic If the vaccine works, then I don't need to take because y'all have taken it for us. If the vaccine doesn't work, then good thing I didn't take so I'll be safe.
i feel like they stopped approaching me after i got my piercings and coloured my hair they probably think im a yp. maybe the real LPT for introverts is to start looking more like a xmm or yp since that's not their target audience.
I feel like this is a very big scandal which people tend to overlook, if this was any other western country the people will surely protest
I feel LW and Gan Kim Yong are too out of bloody touch with the community. They probably dont care and arent affected by the lockdowns anyway with their high ses lifestyles
I feel parliament isn't a place for people to banter, but what do I know? I'm from a even lousier school
I feel proud of Singapore. We are small, but we are as strong as we are united.
I feel so bad for both students' parents. Like what the fuck, imagine you at home or work and received that call. Heartbreaking.
I feel so bad for the elderly hawkers who have survived 1.5 years of this so far.
I feel so bad for the people who physically cannot get vaccinated, they would probably kill to be able to get the vaccine
I feel sorry for the guy. Throughout this whole thing he's felt like the only one trying to put forward a plan to exit. Then just get constantly undermined by two members who clearly have no exit plan.
I feel sorry for whoever wrote this. Your life is dependent on the choices you make and if you're going to be making decisions because it's what many other Singaporeans do or because your parents asked or expected you to do it or worse, because you are financially dumb and lack common sense and critical thinking skills, the responsibility is 100% yours alone.
I feel that the messaging that we receive with regards to our defence focuses too little on the aspect of diplomacy. If this conflict shows anything, is the idea that even with a strong military deterrent, the fundamental tenet of a defence should be on diplomacy. The ideal objective is to avoid having to fight at all. Even if the Ukrainians are able to militarily render the Russian objective impossible to attain, it's doesn't change the fact that large swaths of their country lay in ruins. Ukraine had found themselves in the unenviable position of not being important enough for NATO to commit to their protection, and having such horrible relations with a powerful neighbour. It's a tough balancing act, but one which Singapore has quite successfully navigate. An example would be when Lee Kuan Yew visited and sprinkled flowers over the graves of the two executed Indonesian marines who bombed the MacDonald House in 1973. Seeing that Singapore cannot afford to sustain poor relations with both our northern and southern neighbours, Lee Kuan Yew sought closer relations with Indonesia.
I feel that the sample date period is weird. I mean in May 2021, a lot of people don't even have vaccine yet, let alone booster. I personally not sure what these data trying to tell me with from the sample date.
I feel that when I was a kid, the only reason I hated school was the lack of sleep.
I feel this is just going to make more people flout the rules because they think the renewed restrictions are unjustified.
i feel u. things are similar here in Malaysia, and i feel bad too when people use insensitive comment on the other races.
i feel you OP. But if it's any consolation, you are kind of better off in Singapore than India. You may like parts of the west. Find your place in the world with whoever. Part of being Singaporean in a way is to suck it up Accept the situation and difficulties whatever they are. nothing is going to be handed to you. I've seen Chinese calling others too Cheena before. Some Chinese in Singapore dont think of themselves as Chinese. They wear western clothes, eat at atas places and speak with an accent. Get a white boy of any kind and get every single bit of the culture out. Nothing wrong there. I've seen Chinese guys who hang around Malays wear tapered jeans and speak in Malay. In Singapore kids suck in school for the most part. But if you are who you are and you find yourself for whatever reason reconnect with people of your past, people remember you for your poise and calmness in your youth that others may never have had. But I get it. You want things to be organic and positive right from the start. but RARELY will that happen in Singapore.
I feel you, had the same experience. Quit that job, but still had those traumatic flashbacks about those years at that workplace.
I feel you. Im a closeted ex muslim and i fear the backlash from my own family. Its sad really.
I felt it in the west. It was really subtle, I thought it was the MRT construction nearby
I felt it on my 12th floor HDB in Redhill. The floor moved for 2 seconds.
I find it damn sad that there are still fervent supporters of the CHC leadership even though its clear they milked them for their hard earned money . when will they wake up
I find it ironic that they laud healthcare worker publicly with ads but in actual practice, little is done to make their current situation a little bit more humane. How can they expect healthcare worker to be pushed to the extreme when they rely on healthcare worker to care for the population? Just because certain numbers can be ramped up doesn't mean you should. It's no different from exhausting a production line for maximum outputs. Show true respect by according a proper schedule, increasing the healthcare worker force and paying them for doing all the work that keeps the entire system from collapsing.
I find the idea how an independent church can have part ownership and build a whole shopping centre and concert hall Star Vista shocking
I first thought that it was a satire or parody news article, but it was unfortunately not. No offense. Rest in peace and condolences for the family.
i for one welcome the diversity of opinions from and makes reddit a more interesting place vacates mic so will i be collecting my 50c in cash or cheque?
I found it funny. I know my upvote won't help but I'm supporting you in spirit
I fully agree with our stance. When the lips are gone, the teeth will be cold.
I fully agree with you brother, gyms are just the scapegoat. Spoiler alert the G has ALWAYS been reactionary.
I genuinely don't see the reasoning behind reducing the number of home visitors from 8- 5 unless they're expecting cases to rise drastically.
I genuinely dont understand to this day.like.i hear adults complain about anything else and not being able to adapt more than i do with people in the 'strawberry generation
I genuinely feel like Lee Hsien Loong could, and it made sense for him to, he would. I'm not a huge fan of him or anything but the guy spent most of his working life working and leading Singapore, why the hell would he abandon it at the drop of a hat? He is probably more invested in Singapore emotionally than any single person posting in this thread.
I genuinely hate this sub. This place is full of idiots who think the world around them is just like reddit. Leave this echochamber and say your opinions out loud i dare you. 100% confirm you will kena rabak by the public
I get everyone's frustrations, but their arrest has nothing to do with a perceived anti-lgbtq stance. anyone who protests without a police permit will be arrested if they fail to disperse upon warning. the same would have happened if a bunch of parents were to protest against the PSLE in front of Ministry of Education HQ.
I get it though. I don't understand the intense reactions against those who opt for a different kind of vaccine. You're still getting vaccinated, isn't that the main thing? I cant believe wanting to have a choice of the type of vaccine is now a sin.
I get that the situation is bad in India, with the numbers reported being lower than the real count of cases and deaths, but why will a flight ban make sense? If I recall correctly our flight ban from china was not particularly effective because the virus came to Singapore via continental Europe and we didn't quarantine people who arrived from the EU yet. Expecting a flight ban to solve the problem of the virus spreading in our borders is a bit too hopeful. Limiting arrivals from India to Citizens and PRs makes sense, plus they are tested multiple times before they are released from a 21-day quarantine. If anything, the spread of the virus from India might force us to quarantine travelers from other parts of the world for 3 weeks too. Fingers crossed this does not happen.
I get this tendency hence i formed the habit of maintaining my pace, skipping the eye contact, raise a firm hand one hand stop signal , a brief sorry and continue on my way. Might seem abit rude in some eyes but it's how you assert yourself. You also somehow learn it's not your responsibility to give your energy to these hardsellers who don't care about anything but your money.
I get what you mean. It's a good question. You want to know if old people dying from covid would've died from other causes anyway. But that's not the point of this graph, it'll be very difficult to represent that bit of data here too. Usually old people who die from covid have comorbidities. I think it's safe to say some of these old folks would've died anyway with or without covid. edit Found you a chart describing what you want to see. Singapore's annual death rate did not deviate much despite covid. A lot of other countries are not so lucky.
I get what you're trying to say, but just because you're content and happy doesn't mean others shouldn't ask for more. You have a right to be happy, and others have a right to complain. Happiness and suffering is all subjective anyways, so let OP rant or discuss. I had a chill time in NS but I still don't think raising a male child in Singapore is a good idea. Calm down and try to understand from OP or anyone's shoes.
I go to pasir ris park so many times, i never seen a monkey before. but i saw some nice monitor lizards, pelican look alikes, some horn bills , squirrels, otters, wild dogs chasing babies etc. It's going to replace the singapore zoo soon . there's also a few horses somewhere but those are not wild, its for horseriding Also never ever seen such a big spider at pasir ris park not sure how you find them
I go to sleep at around 10pm and peoples make fun of me because I don't want to be pointlessly stay up late and then be tired all day.
I go to work and have to listen to the best paid colleague brag about his adversities, like hitting the salary ceiling for certain benefits, how much taxes he has to pay and everytime he hits a bump, he will joke about might as well retire . he is barely 40. Somehow, he thinks he is motivating the team with his success. Just as most Singaporeans can sense something is missing from the PRCs after a lifetime growing up in communism, you can see something is missing when success is defined if you are ministerial material often as early as your PSLE grades. This is why I feel telling schoolchildren, Just focus on your studies now, everything else will work out as long as you get good grades is a horrible horrible advice. What you see, is the outcome of that advice. and often, they are the losers in system, not knowing that good grades may lead you nowhere too. but they dont know.they lived their life thinking their life sucks because they had lousy grades.
I googled this place 2 days back, and google map told me when I've been there the past year.
I got a hamster but it committed suicide by jumping into the gap between the parapet outside my door. It was life-changing for me as well my hamster hated me
I got a long story about gambling debt and whatnot. The dude looks like he's in his 40s. Saw a 30s looking tissue seller before.
I got A2 in chinese for O levels but returned everything after exams. best i can do ia xue hua piao piao.
I got banned from Singapore covid La Kopi for asking them if they were bloody horses, got any examples? Or any other tele groups I can join to sip the copium?
I got covid and I was hospitalised for pneumonia. I am so thankful for all the health care workers who took care of me wearing full PPE, it's really not an easy job and paying lip service, clapping and turning on ur handphone flashlight is not going to lessen their workload. They need a better working environment, with proper rest and paid leaves which they can actually utilise. A lot of nurses who took care of me during my stay are not locals and I wonder hw long have they not seen their loved ones in person. Even though I was there for only a week, I missed my family every single day. I really implore everyone to show more empathy towards them and their mental well being. They are really overworked.
I got everything to gain and nothing to lose, will do this! I work in a KBBQ restaurant and every customer so far is nice, waiting for that one sohai auntie to talk shit
I got tested because+ on 6 Feb. Just went to clinic stand outside and let them test. Didn't even see the doctor, they just give me cough syrup and paracetamol. people think that going a&e will be better but the medication they give will be the same. Unless it's really serious, people should not go a&e. There are people who really need a&e treatment.
i gotta say, kudos to you! working outside in an environment like this, it helps a lot as an eye opener. once you remove the label of an elite school student, how will others view you? If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. Sirius Black ninja edit or how he treats people that he thinks is his inferior anyways, all the best to you, and hope you get into the school you want!
I grant her the highest honour a person can bestow upon another Singaporean. The title of operationally ready date fulltime national serviceman. She kenna injury, but she never rs to keng and fought on. There is respect earned, and honor in her actions.
I guarantee many Japanese were worried their company might examine the data or something and lied. Either that, or they included their commute sleep while pressed up against 10,000 other people on the train.
I guess a lot of people have forgotten about RenCi scandal. Both NFK and RenCi have destroyed our faith in televised charity events.
I guess it depends on where you live the north all the Swab and Send home clinic are super crowded
I guess Malaysia could be worried that they lose the warranty and tech support for their Su-30 jets.
I guess my interpretation is that chonky is on the chunky and fat side, not necessarily just big.
I guess that petty shade comes from a man whose parents chose to give him a woman's name
I guess that's why the birthrate is declining and government has to encourage giving birth . You are absolutely right and I can't wait to get out of singapore. Feel so fucking empty just being here I will come back to visit once a while to feel like I came home.
I guess the point is because Singapore's sanction matters it makes this move even more bold and admirable. The other South East Asia countries could announce sanctions but it would mean nothing which means they could do the same at less risk since it wouldn't piss off Russia as much. But you could argue from pov of South East Asia countries other than Singapore if doing sanctions doesn't have an effect why borther doing something except as a futile gesture?
I guess the screwed up thing was forcing students to take double math, double science and double humans from the start, and forcing students again to drop the supposed weaker subjects without considerations for his or her interests. That is the problem. For other schools, I think students can still have some choice but for rv nope the priority is the average. Case in point those who got b3 or a2 for normal Chinese L2 is treated like a criminal offense and you let the world down because the percentage was affected.
I guess they changed the design so the younger kids can relate to the device better I would agree but who the fuck has a PS Vita besides the hardcore people?
I guess WP really didn't have anyone who was up to par this election for the Mandarin debate.
I gusss by extension all shopping mall and f&b workers need to be vaccinated to enter premises. Also delivery people and etc. Office workers also. Roundabout way to force mandatory vaccination mandate without actually saying it.
I had a classmate who tricked me into going there with him, the message was cool I guess but the songs were awkward and I didn't really wanna be there
I had a different tactic for dealing with asshole customers when I worked as a sales assistant. There were a couple of occasions where I rejected a sale or demanded the bought items back and gave them their money back before telling them to GTFO and never darken the shop door again. Life's too short to be rolled over and a boss who doesn't support you in this instance isn't someone worth working for. in my opinion the world would be a much nicer place if this was the default behaviour of shat on shop assistants. This was in the UK by the way.
I had a friend who overspent on his wedding until borrow long. He over indulged his ex wife to the point that it became unsustainable. He went jail for being caught working to pay off his debts. His wife wanted a divorce when he went to jail as it brought shame to her family. Good thing he is out of jail after spending around 2 years. The best part now is he got rid of the ex wife and is restarting his life. edit Just to clarify, my friend worked for the long to pay off his debts.
I had a Indian buddy in NS who told me his family had an arranged marriage for him with a girl from India. He had to go to India to see her and her family and he fucking hated the place because it was so 'backwards'. He told me everyone was so impressed that he was from Singapore and everyone wanted to hear his stories about Singapore. He felt like a superstar. Everyone he spoke to seemed to want to escape India and come over to Singapore. There was this guy according to my buddy who had a scrap of paper in his wallet with some Singapore lingo on it so he can reference it to appear Singaporean when talking to people. It was surreal.
I had arrangements to meet my friends for a final time before I fly but now I can't even have that. Thank you for the final memories in Singapore.
I had dumplings, not bad. The wrappers are much thinker than the chinese equivalent. It was pretty expensive, but it was nice.
I had graduated from law school while driving Uber temporarily, before I started my training with a reputable law firm. Most of my customers were friendly in that they thought I was still in school, but I must state that their tone changed after it came out that I was on my way to becoming a qualified lawyer. It's unfortunate that you have had to witness this behaviour firsthand at such a young age, but I can see that you are wise enough to reflect upon it and reject it in a coherent and reasonable manner. There is no need to apologise for what you have said, and we could really use more individuals such as yourself if we are to make our society a better one.
I had high fever where even standing next to me you could feel my body burning up. But as there was a minimum attendence , I had to attend classes. It was culinary school so consider that they rather have people handling knifes and carrying heavy items that let them rest because you took too many MCs this term .
I had my first jab a couple of weeks ago. Straight after registering I went in to receive it. That tells me that they are working far under capacity. If the UK is doing it much better then there's something wrong here.
I had no idea the banking and finance industry kept such long hours. A couple days ago, there was a leaked doc from GS In it, the junior bankers said that they worked an average of 95 hours a week, slept five hours a night, frequently faced unrealistic deadlines, and that their relationships with friends and family were feeling the strain as a result.
I had the same mindset as well, I absolutely hate Lawrence Wong, Ong Ye Kung and the entirety of People's Action Party. Ong Ye Kung literally said, I don't even think it was last week, no reversal of restrictions. And he also said we will be basing new restrictions on intensive care unit numbers instead of cases.Well, here we are. intensive care unit still has lots of space left and restrictions are being reversed. They have absolutely no right to declare this as endemic when they clearly are treating this as if its the black death and are especially not even factoring in that 70+% are going to be fully immunized in weeks, which is very near herd immunity.
I had these guys coming onto me as well, I just said I was a bankrupt individual and walked free
I had this exact training scenario when I was an fulltime national serviceman. When an aggressor lunges you with a knife, shoot.
I had this experiences as a retail assistant after O's and during vacation during polytechnic. I worked as retail just to occupy my time instead of staying at home doing nothing. I hid all my reactions when parents say those to me sometimes just raising my eye a little but not too obvious even though some of them caught my eye reaction but they continue saying those elite stuff to their kid. I mean.would you like to see your child doing something during the holidays or just see them staying at home daydreaming all day during vacation? If i didnt confirm with them what they wanted and gave them the wrong stuff, wouldn't i be in more trouble and they would start scolding me even more. And im not super woman so i do not know everything I can't read their minds. If they in the years to come tell their child go work somewhere during holidays so you wont do nothing at home and their child later complains that there was another parent who said study hard or you will become like him or her to their child, that to me is a taste of their own medicine. Where else can we were besides mostly service industry after O's or during polytechnic vacation without work experience? That's where your child would evantually be starting out without work experience too i believe.
I had to first work part time and save up. I left at 19 when I got savings. No I never went back to school. It was too tough to juggle full time work and school as I used to work 6 days, 12 to 14 hours everyday to make ends meet.
I had to get my hand as close as possible so I wouldn't face accusations of exaggerating the size! If you look carefully, you can see my index finger pressing on the web .
I had to go to the polyclinic for fever recently and it was so fucking crowded. The healthcare system is obviously overloaded now. But yet alot of people are still calling for the measures to be relaxed, and complaining about the measures. If the measures are relaxed then how would the healthcare system survive, given that it's already so overcrowded with the measures. Okay you can say the measures don't work, but do you seriously think that the spread wouldn't be worse without the measures? Or the MMTF didn't prepare the capacity properly, but the sad fact is there is only so much qualified manpower available. The MMTF may be clowns there are measures that can be done away, like the useless gantries at malls , but the ones suffering are the frontliners, especially the healthcare workers. Please make lives easy for them. Stop complaining about the measures in place, and think about the situation on the ground.
I had to reread the post because you said there was inappropriate or rude things. This is as rational and sound as it gets
I had to tell someone to press it about 2-3 months ago when an old lady collapsed and was conscious but incoherent. Everyone just stood watching. I got someone to help me and another to press the button. They asked what was happening then held the train at the next station. Staff came with a wheelchair and we got her into the chair and they took her off to get her an ambulance but also to get the trains moving again as soon as possible.
I hate how much my own family is guilty of this too. They think it's a good thing that the government is doing this. I'm like Why? What does it matter what others are doing when it doesn't affect anyone else? They can reply with shit like Because it's wrong. To them, it's fine to shit on others outside of their own community. But when someone challenges them, they got all defensive and shit. I despise it.
I hate Modi and also if half of india bathed in the Ganges is there'd be 700 million in one river. You're comment is the dumbest I've ever heard in my life. Modi's government is incompetent but no one knew that years ago. Just like how your daddy xi and the Chinese spread this virus to all parts of the world
i hate religious extremists because of the sense of entitlement and righteousness to tell people what to do. if you're not breaking any laws, and doing things that are socially acceptable, then people should just leave you alone.
I hate that I agree with the singapore police srsly tho what did the guy expect. of course you're gonna get shot
I hate that we have nowhere safe to put them but I agree, it doesn't look like our power demands are likely to decrease anytime soon. I personally blame crypto for that last part.
I hate this kind of people the most. The number of people that look down at me just because i came from a neighbourhood school and a smoker so i confirm end up ite mcdonald worker . Screw you understand you have no idea what I'm capable of. Grinded my way into a decent JC and I'm now in one of the more prestigious courses in university. Haters will hate and idiots will say what they want until you rise up and shut them all up.
I hate to appear rude and I always try to be nice to everyone. Then the bomb dropped. Sometimes you have to, else u will tio makan
I hate to break it to you but my hand is on the same side as the spider, that's its underbelly you are seeing. I reached under the web and put my hand over it.
I have 'leadership roles' and CCA shit so i have to be in school early.also travel takes 1hr
I have a cat and recently also had to look for a place due to a bad family situation and found it challenging to find a place where the landlord was okay with pets
I have a clinic near my place that opens from 8 to 3 and 5 to 8. Registration closes at 830 and 530 everyday because of how many people are there. Even on Saturday it closes registration within 30 minutes. It's crazy just how many people are going to clinics now.
I have a couple points First, if you get kicked out the moment you turn 18, it's most likely because you aren't showing initiative and pursuing work, and I think you say this yourself you get kicked out of the house and you have to start working a part time job In a perfect world you are already working a part time job before your 18.My parents are assholes, but even they let me stay home to build some savings But they only let me stay if I was working. Second, I think you could take down a 30k loan in less time. 20 years equals to $1.5k a year, thats absolutely doable. 15 years equals to $2k a year, 4% of the average yearly income in the US. If the degree pays off you should have a door into a company that will pay money for whatever degree you earned. And then you can pay your loan off with ease.If it doesn't, chances are you chose to study something that doesn't have many employment opportunities. Colleges are businesses. They want your money so they tell you that X major has an X% employment rate after graduation. They don't tell you that X% of graduates we're employed by McDonalds and X% got work at the parents place or already had a job lined up before they got the degree. Do your own market research find out what the jobs are for the majors your interested in. Third, Don't buy a stupid expensive wedding. The legal side of it can be done for a small filing fee. The religious side should cost a stipend, I know Catholics just add a marriage at the tail end of regular mass.If you NEED to have a party, get a cool air b and b, and make it potluck. Or talk to one of your parents friends about using their cool back yard. I never understood flashy weddings, and I certainly don't understand ones you buy with money you don't have. Fourth, Rent. Rent is an asshole, I hate it. The only thing we can do is lock down the lease length to keep rent from going up annually. Again, with any luck that degree pays off and your making enough money to survive a rent increase every couple of years. I live in a crappy apartment that I pay my landlord way to much for. But I push for longer lease terms and I save whatever money I can, and one day I'll be looking for a place of my own and it will feel good to own land and I'll walk around naked and we'll all have a jolly old time. Ideally your not paying rent your whole life. Fifth, You can totally find a house, with a decent price, not to far from the city.This is why suburbs exist. I live about a 45 no traffic min drive from my big city .And most big cities have a rail system of some kind that can take you right in.This is why our parents have some incredible house they bought for next to nothing. They bought it when there was nothing around and then cities expanded and now our parents houses aren't in the middle of nowhere. You might not be buying a boomer sized mansion, but you'll get yourself your own house. The suburb philosophy goes for apartment hunting as well. I know in my suburb area, we just got a HUGE wave of apartment buildings going up. Sixth, Savings are hard. Just try to figure out what you need to spend money on and what you want to spend money on, and cut out some of the wants. We'll have money for wants in a couple of years. 401k's are up to you. If you can throw $25 at it every month, I'd do it. thats what I'm doing The thing about the 401k for me is it's auto deducted from my check, and I have no idea how to access it. So it's an accountability thing for me. By the time we get to retirement age, the economy will be entirely different.We just might have universal healthcare. I think we get pissed off because our parents generally have pretty decent houses that they generally bought for a fraction of what its worth today. And they can afford to eat at nice places, and drive nicer cars, and maybe they have hobbies that cost money etc etc.We need to remember they didn't just fall into that. They worked their asses off, there were months or years when they thought they wouldn't make it. But they pushed through and now they either have cushy jobs with the freedom to slack off a bit, or they retired comfortably and can do whatever they want. I know my parents love to tell me how hard they worked yady yady yah, it's a meme at this point. But its also true. I also believe us young people like this narrative that it's impossible to get ahead, and I don't understand why, does it make failure easier if we go around thinking everything is out to get us? Does it legitimize a lazy existence if we believe there's no point in trying anyway? This turned into a passion project for me, I spent WAY to much time on this. And I know your comment was just that, a comment. But I think as shitty as life is right now, it's impolite to tell people with some real problems in countries with weird rules that we're in as bad a way as them. Just google how to buy a house in Singapore Its crazy. Hope things start looking up for you
I have a feeling that part of the reason was because the UK had so many cases and severity of the situation was clear, that's why they all knew they had to push for vaccination. Us, on the other hand, our case loads isn't on the same severity, so people may not have seen a similar urgency to get vaccinated. Of course, other factors are present, but I haven't seen the above reason being discussed yet.
i have a friend who has a house there, belonged to his grandfather till this day
I have a friend who's a nurse, he struggled a lot with money and has a family to take care At the start of the pandemic, I heard he work countless hours till the point he doesn't have time to eat, till one day when covid numbers are low he would us me and my friends out for a meal to talk about his feelings He shared that he wanted to quit his job, He feels like he is not earning enough money to feed his family despite working for extended hours, whenever he took a lift his neighbor would tell him that you are a hero for being a nurse but also afraid to take the same lift as him, he ever heard his neighbor scolding their child saying that he cannot interact with his kids or family because they will pass down the virus to them. Over the years, regardless of facts or fiction, we know that Heroes don't earn money, we call them that because we appreciate what they do, Give them the illusion to motivate them to work even more hours because that is what heroes do, But here's a fact, They are doing the extra hours because no one else can do it but them, but we still alienate them, people can say they want to quit their job because of a toxic culture, but they can't, because if he leaves who would take care the current and future patients. At the end of the day, Heroes are still humans, they have families, have partners, but most importantly, have emotions and many mouths to feed and especially the rise of GST means things are going to be a whole lots of expensive.
I have a grandma that's close too 100 and my aunt who can't work due to this shitty virus has to still take care of her in her 50s and she likely won't have a very fun retirement
I have a lot to say but whatever, Singapore is conservative in both good ways and bad ways. Let's just say that this is one of the bad aspects and I fully support lgbtqia++ to move out of Singapore for the rights you have always deserved. I get that some of you here love Singapore, and see the good parts of living in Singapore. I do too, but a pity this country is so controlling to the point where they see a need to care so much about others' sex lives.
I have a medical condition that worsened when my regular therapy was disrupted during the Delta wave. Whenever at the hospital for my therapy or polyclinics for general ailments , I do my best to be kind to all the healthcare workers. Paying them better is necessary but not sufficient. How can we treat them better beyond just clapping for them ? How can their workload be lightened so they can get enough rest without worse outcomes for patients ? Although restrictions are frustrating, I hope we can be less bitter about them.
I have a problem with that. I always place others on a higher pedestal than myself. I guess its from young I always wanted to be nice to others.
I have a similar experience yet different as a minority in another country. Money and status paves some of the way. But nothing will erase the rude comments of a few white boomers saying my white husband could've helped his own kind .
I have an app that tracks my sleeping hours and the past 2 months is pretty bad for me. I work 7 days a week and upwards till 4-5AM on some days, A good day would be leaving at 12AM. I sleep around 4 hours on the days I worked till 4AM. I have Grab or Taxi receipts to support my claims. Like even now, I'm typing this on my work laptop in my work office.
I have an idea to go to my positive neighbors to pay for thier nose mucus. Its just an idea.
I have been a tenant in Singapore for more than 9 years now. In the entire time, I had only one non-Chinese landlord who were quite rational in their dealing with me as a tenant. In all my other rentals, the landlords were stingy as fuck. They did not rectify an aircon issue which I pointed out within a week of us moving in. Covered up a damaged kitchen top and when we moved in, pinned it on us to pay 3 or 4th of the cost to rectify it. Patio was damaged during the common painting within the condo. We took a picture and sent it to the landlord who did not rectify it till the end and then pinned it on us saying it was us who damaged it. They gave us damaged sofas, damaged TV consoles and what not. All these landlords conducted themselves as lowlifes. It's not as if they didn't have money. They were pretty unreasonable. A landlord of Chinese descent mostly has been a lowlife in most of my rentals. Since you said that there is a certain truth to stereotype of Indian applicants, I could also stereotype Singaporean Chinese landlords as stingy and greedy people who operate on a low risk or high reward model because there are no laws in support of tenants in Singapore.
I have been shocked since I arrived here at how openly racist people are. I tried to rent an appartement and most of the real estate agents would consider my profile as long as I'm not indian. Always a comment asking if the tenant is indian or not. All done very openly and naturally. This goes unpunished it seems. Not sure what the government is doing about it but it seems not much.
I have friends who say they want to chiong gym these few days to maximize before the closedown Just fucking close it the very next day what's so hard about it No iron in this 4g ministers
I have long held the belief that Vivian is our most useless minister. He has not done anything and quite often screws up in the various ministries he has been in. He is more senior than the 4G guys but he is totally a non-factor in our covid response or in anything at all.what does this guy do?
I have no empathy left for those still unvaccinated because I'm sick and tired of this restriction flip-flopping crap. And maybe instead of parading our military assets for NDP, I suggest we parade those who landed 4mil people in this mess, punished because of them. Let them go on floats around the heartlands and have rotten eggs thrown at them.
I have no faith that our government actually values us to be honest. Especially looking at how they handled this covid crisis.
I have no idea but I sure hope our leaders don't make senseless political moves like the comedian in Ukraine by the way he was a comedy actor become becoming elected and drive our country into war. So no I don't give someone any credit for being in the tranches when they are the ones that caused a totally avoidable war.
I have no idea how some people go into their 50s with nothing but a HDB to their name. Lack of financial literacy. You'd be surprised how many people lack this
I have no idea what I was thinking when I typed tomorrow . . You can scratch that out and read the sentence without the word tomorrow . Sorry for my confusion.
I have no issue renting my unit to an Indian family. We rented our unit to an Indian Hindu family before, and after they left, to be honest, the unit smells of oil and incense that we have to do a thorough deep cleaning to get rid of it. I don't encounter similar issue with Indian Muslim family, though.
I have one. It's not the light though because my room is totally dark. For some reason I just wake up earlier than necessary.
I have only one problem with Comfort taxi uncles don't like to follow the GPS. I cannot just chill when I'm tired, or focus on something else. On the last ride I booked through Comfort, the taxi uncle kept nagging and questioning my choice of route while I was trying to focus on rushing a deadline on my laptop like pls I know going by the expressway is a longer journey but it's confirm faster, I make this journey every day and I know the usual traffic conditions WHY WON'T YOU BELIEVE ME UNCLE
I have opened two F&Bs before, never considered them successful. But heng we sold the whole business away to some bankers who want to open restaurant. They went burst 9 mths later. My current business is impacted by covid. It was working very well before covid. We even factored in recessions etc. But this shit virus is really unprecedented, and we were just barely surviving. So far haven't die.
I have stabilized the video for you It took me 44.0 seconds to process. If you want to know how to summon me click here
I have thankfully never been put in a real scenario where I had to restrain someone, but I was a security trooper and even in a acting scenario it was tough to restrain someone and cuff them, imagine the person was a legit criminal who was physically fit and full of adrenalin.
I have the impression that it is the middle high class people or the rags-to-riches people who have this attitude. I've found very wealthy people and people who were born and raised around wealth are the nicest. Maybe oblivious to the challenges of the working class but respectful. Whenever I see someone somewhat wealthy having that attitude I feel they are still poor deep within that shell. edit bery to very. In my defense B and V are close to each other.
I have this uncle who is a complete nutcase too he was anti-vax, pro china, pro Russia . Whatever People's Action Party did it's just straight wrong. His idea of a successful country is free welfare, lesser work, Low tax he keep spamming some china propaganda that you would see in douyin, spreading misinformation about local politics on my fam WhatsApp group. He is basically the unpaid ambassador for wakeupsingapore
i have thought of this some time back and looks like our ideas are similar
I have to admire their bravery, even if the cynic in me doubts that this will push Ministry of Education to do anything at all. Don't know if they're students.hope Ministry of Education doesn't retaliate.
I have to say some of them are quite creative to get my attention. But sadly they are not good enough to make me stop and talk to them Any tip for you. if they talk to you, just ask them a question instead. e.g where is the nearest MRT? then once they answered you, you can say thank you bye bye!
I have uploaded this at a pretty high res. You can d or l and print your own. Can add your own text too! I left a space at the top left hand side.
I haven't met any racist 3 or 4 year olds. Racism is a social construct based on power, not ingrained human behavior.
I haven't seen examples of business owners choosing who they share their office space with. But to answer your question, renting out your home and renting out office space is extremely different. Renting out homes include things like cooking practices, religious practices e.g. incense burning or idol display or safety and privacy aspects male vs female . Renting offices should not have the problems above as office space should only be used for business purposes.
I hear 'hell' is where the fun is. Parties and such. Over at the heaven section, they just sit outside and read newspapers. How do I know ? I live in Hell
I hear you, and that's precisely my point too. My response is geared towards the fact that OP has found her voice to vent in this post, but certain calls to 'ignore' and gain 'self-confidence' seem to be quick draw responses to a deep-seated dilemma, and do not take the duration of adverse impact into account. To ignore and to go with the flow is modus operandi for most folks in similar situations conflict is avoided and a form of acceptance might be carved. And I'm all for each individual figuring out what works best for them to cope. I get this thoroughly - I've been somewhat where OP is, except I'm twice her age now. But for those who wish to speak out and lay bare their hurt layers, as OP has done, suggestions and advice to 'ignore' may be well-intentioned but miss the mark as they are simply, but unknowingly, encouraging reversion back to the status quo. But I'm hopeful for for positive change. There are good people around of all races and we've got each others backs.
I hear you. If there was some way for me to publicly say this everyday, like a T-shirt that said fxxx you if you've unvaccinated by choice .
I heard a colleague still bringing up his PSLE result. in my opinion once you at hired your university cert means very little, anything before university is totally irrelevant. Experience in the industry and your actual skills regardless of how many courses and certificatelion you have is what counts.
I heard a rumour saying that he wanted to get death sentence so that he can die. Two years ago, he attempted suicide but was unsuccessful. It seems like he has family issues. If it's true, this is really tragic.
I heard about this on the news, this guy slashed smn before coming here and standing outside with the knife. He was yelling incoherently and ignored repeated attempts to drop the knife
I heard that the main reason why school start early is because of an external factor school buses . Most of the school bus vendors also ferry workers to their workplaces industrial areas, construction sites, etc. They don't have enough resources to ferry students and workers at the exact same time, and even if they can get resources, it is not profitable in the long run. Plus, running school buses during morning-peak-hour jam is going to make peak-hour worse. Now, I can't confirm whether this is the real reason, but I will not be surprised if this is a contributing reason to why schools begin so early
I heard the Bishan gang is rather.gangsters . Hope to see more of your drawings on Singapore! Do you have an Instagram page ?
I HEARD tiagong dun pofma pap thinking of creating a super grc called Coast to Coast Border GRC CCB GRC . Its a 83 member grc.
i help u find that salesperson and scold them i really will fucking hell storytel eat my ass
I highly doubt that things are significantly better for anyone anywhere else unless you were born with a silver spoon. End of the day, don't aim to be average. Aim to be better. That's what I do or at least try to.
I honestly don't think the ones who whine are talking about being proud to be a Singaporean though.
I honestly think it's propaganda to make the West fall in love with him and make him look heroic.
I honestly think that they should ban people who has been in India for a month prior to leaving their country. I mean some of them are bypassing the travel ban by flying to some other countries, staying there for 14 days before coming here And yes, Singapore has banned flights from Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Nepal, but some of them are transiting via the Middle East
I honestly wish they'd establish and publicise a dedicated 'feedback branch' of the government. people would be able to describe their complaint or suggestion, categorise it, also digitise it if it's a physical submission and staff would maintain a registry of current complaints, and forward them to relevant ministries. Then the government would provide for some time during Parliament sessions where complaints which were popular and sustained over a long period could be addressed. If the issue is extremely localised or minor i.e., spoilt light in corridor, trash collecting in bin , forward it to oneservice team. edit This would obviously come with a couple of drawbacks. For one, addressing feedback about domestic matters could distract policymakers from long-term planning. But I think offering a way for the public to offer ideas for example what sectors of the industry Singapore can expand on in the future would help break any potential 'groupthink' mentality on important policy decisions. It's a cost-benefit thing. Also, I guess if relevant ministers are uncomfortable addressing certain issues in Parliament for example, for reasons of national security issue a statement explaining why in detail during discussion maybe 2 or 3 majority can overturn? I do not know . edit 2 Someone in the comments has pointed out that REACH exists. TL DR basically Swiss democracy?
I hope a police report is made. Lowlife, the guy was already down and he still hit him clearly wanting to cause bodily harm. So messed up
I hope for minimum casualties, that mushroom cloud is huge The amount of insensitive comments in this thread makes me appalled.
i hope moving forward, the majority race of Singapore, recognizes this behaviour of their fellow race and start a change in tbeir community
I hope our home grown Comfort will wake up its idea soon and make its app more user friendly, enhance its geolocation fidelity, provide more transparency in terms of the ride fees especially for peak period, maybe even eliminate the opaque surge rate shit altogether, offer better incentives for its drivers, and give Grab a run for its money at least in Singapore. I am no fan of Grab and will gladly be a loyal Comfort supporter if it stays profitable but not exploit consumers especially in times of crisis.
I hope someone pressed the emergency button. If not in that cabin, at least moved to another cabin to press. If this clown gets anything less than 10yrs I'm gonna be so disappointed with this country. Those strikes are not random. They're clearly and purposefully aimed at vital points with the intent to critically injure or cause death.
I hope the folks who left the train did tell the staff that there is an assault in the train
I hope the full impact of the law is laid upon those who flout the SMM. Its so unfair so many are pay for the 'sins' of few.
i hope the people in Singapore can be more considerate and kinder, not randomy attacking anyone or putting hate speech just because of certain subject like Russia. As Chinese and indian citizen mostly getting bully outside, now we are like bullying others back without proper reason. Putin decision does not make Russia accountable.
I hope the school is also prioritising trauma counselling for the students too. edit yes the teachers and staff too. I haven't tried it yet but apparently there's a course on psychological first aid that's also an important skill
I hope they don't release the name of the 16 year old and it doesn't get leaked. It's bad enough when something like this happens, but let the judicial system handle what happens to the kid. Mobs of people don't make humane decisions.
I hope they give him max applicable jail term and rotan the shit out of him, see how tough he really is.
I hope you realise the government can care about more than one issue at once. In fact, that is quite literally what it's supposed to do.
i imagine you say this because you agree with the cause.if the peaceful protest is something against your cause would you still be able to hold this peaceful protest is okay point of view? disturbance of peace is.disturbance of peace, no matter how peaceful it is
I invested in a home gym during cheebye last year. Best decision I ever made. Get a bench from decathlon, get a barbell and dumbbell set. Won't be the same as a gym of course, but you should be able to maintain your muscles.
I just came back from a post here about the same thing, except I couldn't read it because the OP didn't screenshot the whole thing
I just feel many of the bullying you experience in school, chinese bully chinese the same way but will choose to use other things to attack, can be fat shaming, can make fun of anything, hair, body etc . Kids are nasty. I mean my own brothers got bullied by fellow chinese students in primary school like throwing garbage dump over their heads and head flush in toilet bowls. And telling them to go kill themselves and die. I don't think it's exclusive to your race. They will find whatever hurt you most to bully you.
I just feel that if a student is cited for harassment, they should be marked and investigation should be conducted. And if it's true, that student DID harass someone else, let them off with a warning. Second time round, either give them a lengthy suspension OR outright expel them. Schools have a discipline master for a reason. If bullying is constantly having a blind eye turned to it, it'll just keep on going. By being unserious about an issue that plagues the education system, it'll only go on to ruin countless childhoods. Mine has already been destroyed. And when I say it, I'm getting rid of anything that was a part of my school life, even class photos. My secondary school life is more of a nightmare than a memory I can look back and relinquish. My parents have been against me doing this, but why would I look back at a class photo from a time I was being harassed?
i just finished my final year of university and wanted to celebrate by focusing on gains covid really said no
I just firmly shake my head and walk on. Ignore whatever technique they use to attract you.
I just joined and someone asked why suddenly so many people joining the chat to which another person responded to see the unvax panic
I just know of you're ever getting attacked in public no one will help but it will be recorded.
I just put a comment about how both the companies are finally out to make profits and screw both cabbies and customers.
i just started a habit to gym nearly everyday even if its just a bit now closed aaaaaaa help
I just tell them I'm not interested or I just walk past them. Simple as that
I just tell them the truth, you guys approached me already yesterday. Still dowan.sorry . The sorry is not for me. It's for them, they still have to work.
I just think there should be consideration and boundaries when it comes to teasing and shaming children under the age of 12 especially . By all means, laugh at an older person's mistake all you want. Bring it up 10 years later. Who cares? But I am not too sure if stupid things 11 year-old kids should be brought up years later. Perhaps you like to publicly share yours since you seem to have no issues with that.
I just today learned the word afraid to lose . That's an example of a mother being afraid to lose, isn't it?
I just use the 660 as the meme Remember to put I am being sarcastic. If not later kena POFMA
I just want to say don't be mad at yourself for going along with it and not saying no at the time, their sales tactics are designed to make it as hard as possible to refuse. They ask questions to draw you in. They have scripts to tell them how to reply no matter what you say. They are paid by commission so they don't care if you can afford or not. They use your politeness against you. Most people arent comfortable just saying no, or making a fuss, so they end up going along with the sale. Here's the thing to remember, they cannot force you to do something, so you can refuse. At the point where you got scared with entering your card details, you can just refuse to put them in. That is where the salesperson lressured you and used your politeness. It's easy for people to say just ignore them bit they are skilled so for next time, have these things ready to go. - Sorry I dont thave time right now and leave - I don't make decisions on the street, do you have a brochure that I can read later. - I dont think so. - no. Best of all, keep moving, and if they try to stop you it's ok to get loud. You are not the one making it weird. Practise on those people in malls that hand out the lotion samples one of those got me for almost $1000 before I got wise and it will come much easier.
I keep getting confused with the subtitles and the actual quote. 'I only weigh 82 lbs!' 'Save Bandit!'
I keep saying it's more elitism than race most of the time. If you are peasant like PRC, might get the same reaction until you flash your cash.
I keep seeing this every where on Reddit for the past few days. What is it in reference to?
I know . I think it has to do with being raised to think of pork as disgusting. If you were raised being told 'hey, there's this tasty, delicious, AMAZING meat but you have to give it up for religious reasons' the reaction would be different then ' this is a foul, disease ridden gross nasty meat that no one should eat'
I know a couple of people in your situation too, unable to get vaccine either from.allergy or from having covid. It absolutely sucks and I'm pissed off that you are affected because of this.
I know a trans student who actually went all the way up and managed to get to speak to Lee Hsien Loong. no luck there either. maybe should try Halimah
I know an American who thought Muslim and Islam were 2 different religions, one practiced in South East Asia and the other in the middle east.
I know but at the same time is fair game for me to criticise them for trying to skew the data presentation for their purposes
I know how toxic health care sector in Singapore is like. My cousin keena badly from them. But how does treatment of healthcare worker affect the number of covid cases?
I know I'm going to sound like ignorant but I still want to ask, what trades or import or export do we have with Russia?
I know it's a shit on People's Action Party thread but have you seen the opposition? The guy they are claiming is illiterate is defending his party's racist or xenophobic stance in Singapore. WP is your only competent option. Not that I dont think there are better people than fucking JoTeo for office even within People's Action Party.
I know many cases including myself that having negative antibody level after fully vaccinated with sinovac.
I know many of you here on reddit would think I'm spoilt and can't take being treated rudely because I'm part of the strawberry generation and am just being easily offended and triggered by the slightest of things. No, not even a little bit. This post is a very good message.
I know right that's my main point can't imagine any parent in this situation trying to contact them and not getting reply they would assume the worst
I know right! But when I went down the thread and people started throwing terms like breeders and sounding more and more anti natalism felt like I need to say that. I'm ok with people being very very pro childfree life good for you if that's what you want but I also kinda want to say you don't have to put me down for my choice to have a kid just as I don't put you down for your choice. Feels like that respect is disappearing with that sort of talk. well. Yeah, I personally hate those people who, after being married or having children, pressure others to do the same too. It's so irritating. I've had that done to me a lot and I swear I'm never going to be that idiotic aunty who does that!
I know right, I go steal a koi fish and eat in the pool, suddenly people complain about me being a public nuisance . SMH
I know right, there was a recent fb post of somebody who was sad otters ate one of the ducklings at GBTB. All these cute animal activists should wake up their idea and accept wildlife is wildlife
I know right. 12 hours, 5-6 days per week depends on manpower i feel like my life has not been about living lately, it's about getting home after work, bathe, eat dinner, make sure i go to sleep and wake up early morning to go to work again. And looking forward to my off days that i just stay in my bed and be a potato all day. I enjoy my off days but after the off days, it's work and savings and paying for stuff. And i hate that work always tries to call me back on my off days. Please just hire more people for god's sake
I know right. It's gonna take at least until 7G leaders. There are still so many Singaporeans who are against gay relationship. First world country indeed.
I know right? hes kneeing him in the head and elbowing him in the spine. also stomping the ribs hard like he's trying to bust a lung. this is attempted murder
I know several new restaurants that JUST opened in my area. This is going to fuck them up bad
I know Singapore wants to be neutral. But you know that if we keep silent when someone is bullied, someday it's gonna be us that will be invaded and when that day comes , will someone speak Up for us? Or will everyone be silent when our citizens are killed in invasion of Singapore?
I know someone who is in that school, I think he watched it happen or sth, he sent the photo of the tent and police cars from his school edit I forgot to offer my condolences, I hope the poor lad rests in peace and his parents be able to heal from this traumatic experience
I know the topic here is about sexuality, but the argument can just as easily be turned towards vax vs unvaxed. Or smokers vs non-smokers. Or vapers vs non-vapers. Etc etc etc. What is the principled and morally consistent stance to take here? Do no harm? Utilitarianism? Freedom? My own take the government should stay out of private affairs. Get rid of 377A - an unenforceable law is worse than no law at all - it tells me you are not serious about upholding the laws of the nation, and you can just pick and choose which laws to enforce when and where, against whoever you like it. I've heard a new Sex Ed module for schools is in the works. Hope it's not just the same old stuff repackaged in newer but just as empty dressing.
I know this has been more or less the modus operandi of the People's Action Party since independence, but it was usually offset by the lack of media coverage, as well as mudslinging from the various opposition camps. But the People's Action Party optics for this election has been poor as fuck, especially considering how social media is the new norm and that the opposition has wisely taken a step back to play it cool. One would assume that someone within the party would have stopped to think at one point to think about these before commencing with their usual character assassinations. Perhaps you are right, perhaps the People's Action Party has finally run out of ideas.
I know this is really strange to say but your writing is really good. especially for a 16 year old, and particularly when compared to a lot of the garbage writing online. Your feelings are absolutely justified. Sorry you had to suffer this for so long.
I know we're all gonna criticise the bystanders for doing nothing for all I know, maybe someone did help but it wasn't captured , but I'm curious, how many of us are actually willing to go in and help?
I know what you're saying, but once again in this instance the risk is close to zero. China doesn't want to commit to a proper condemnation of Russia for multiple reasons, not the least of which is their own intentions for Taiwan and the South China Sea. But despite both countries being the largest Communist states, they are not currently allies like they once were and their core relationship is economic in nature. Singapore coming out to impose sanctions just 24 hours or so earlier is not going to change much, and for sure will barely register as a blip on China's geopolitical radar. I just thought it was hilariously on-brand for Singapore to play it this safe even when there really wasn't a need to.
I know you're joking, and this is really a small matter, but the boy's action should be discouraged rather than saluted.
I know you're right but it's honestly easier said than done. I'd give the same advice to someone else if they came up to me with this issue but following it is the difficult part
I know, and their core belief is denying one party dominance rather than advocating better policies. that's why I find the closing speech unconvincing
I know, but it never hurts to ask. this is the third time they've pulled this shit
I know, right?! My friend told me he gave his MIL 5 tables of Ang paos for dowry. I was so horrified. When I get married, I don't want to feel like a cow being sold at auction.
I know. But for westerners moving here, if it's just the couple and one small child, I could see them considering this actually. Expats recommend this condo as great for families.
I know. If you're okay with your parents, renting in Singapore is throwing away money. If you absolutely cannot stand living with your parents or family then renting is okay short term but the long term goal should always be to buy. Renting just to experience independence is incredibly foolish and a very American concept. But hey it's your money, your life so do whatever you want.
i know. the motion of all schools are good schools are just silly. there are definitely better schools. it's more appropriate to say there are no bad schools .
I learned financial literacy on my own. attended courses, read intensively online and offline. It's so much easier now as compared to 10 years ago. Sometimes you gotta have to learn by your own accord and not rely on government and parents. but I did heard from my friends that primary school kids are learning financial literacy in school now. not sure how true that is.
I learned how to sign you are a scammer! In sign language. Just for those pity-sales people who approach diners while pretending to be deaf-mute to capitalize on their empathy and social insecurities
I left last month. I was offered an extension but I declined it. The government's handling and reaction to covid is ridiculous. I'm in the UK now
I like curry. But when my neighbour tenant cooked it everyday, and they open their main door to air the house which made the lift lobby filled with curry smell from 7am to evening. And even my master bedroom soon also smells of curry. It's not that ok anymore. On the part of discrimination towards Indians, I have a few friends who rented their house to Indian tenants before and after hearing what they all had to say. Anyone would naturally form a certain bias opinion about them.
I like her too. I thought she was getting a little emotional in her thank you speech. I really like the SK team
I like how everyone here is so raged without actually knowing 1 back story, 2 aftermath, 3 what others have already done or is doing. Well thats reddit for ya.
I like how the entire period of about 10 years of child or teenage life is just Y O U S T U D Y pretty god damn accurate
I like that just waving your hands around giving a summary is pure class and salient . You see this every election cycle, some promising opposition upstart is immediately lauded as a bright new hope. Rinse and repeat every 5 years. I have never voted for People's Action Party in my life currently 42 , now watch people call me out as People's Action Party IB or wumao.
I like the part where they put their own value in the hands of their kid's capability. Fucked up your own life? Have a kid and validate yourself through their performance instead. people who act this way are toxic and need a severe reality check. I don't understand why people would even want to tie value to themselves based on factors they do not have a steady hand in -- work or relationships or possessions or . these are all fleeting and projected. Better to validate yourself to yourself! based on your past achievements and attitude or personality or principles and adherence to them. At least that is something you control at every point in time. Oh, and putting other people down is fucking insecure and childish, that'll never be advantageous to you in any lasting way, so why do it if not to try and put yourself above them in that case - see above . ugh.
I like their turnaround. They used to be sitting on the almost monopoly given to them. SIA can take a page from them. Through working on small bits of their business, they managed to defend rather ok against grab, improve their image, and now this.
I like to tell them Oh this, I sign up already, thank you , smiled and walk away.
I like your method 1. I thought about doing this next time somebody preach their religion to me on the street, I'll preach another religion to them and try to covert them.
I like your opinion. It's really true. I find myself living the healthiest lifestyle when there are things to do everyday that count people counting on me and responsibilities or duties to attend to. Indulging for me always ends up making me lazy and even stupid .
I liked that one of the old uncle first question was about the school. he really does observe things differently.
I liked the medovik honey cake, not going to even attempt to type it in Cyrillic letters though
I literally have trouble staying asleep for more than 6-7 hours. I wake up automatically even without alarm. It's pretty fucking annoying. On the rare days I manage to sleep 8 hours or more I feel so energetic
I literally just returned from Germany a few days ago yeah in a sdf now and I dont see the point of solving this issue using brute force by just simply preventing dining in. What I saw in Germany was Only those with proof of vaccination or a schnell-test taken less than 24h ago were allowed to eat in, the rest have to takeaway, why cant such a system be implemented here? government says they will treat this like an endemic but judging by their actions its obvious they dont know what they are doing We have tracetogether too, if we use this app and the vaccinstion proof or covid test proof this can definitely be controlled! This is incompetency at its best once again Also a personal peeve Why the 14d requirement for vaccinated travellers? I got vaccinated back in Germany, got tested before arrival into Singapore negative of course and the requirements for me is the same as an unvaccinated person? It would make more sense if it were negative test on arrival, only 7 days SDF and a negative test before leaving This is also where i see the 2nd problem is there is literally no incentive for getting vaccinated. If you look at Macron's speech about how the unvaccinated are going to be treated and look at the French government's policies it is clear to see where we are going wrong
I live in NE area and finally had to haul ass to a GP. Had clinics just also say they were closed to all registrations until the evening and I was there mid-afternoon. I honestly just tried to deal with my issues as long as I did because I didn't want to add on to the crunch our doctors have, but I managed to wait out at another clinic and as it turns out, I have bronchitis and possibly have developed asthma. It had known I didn't have covid, and I don't go out. Hearing all the people who get Positive, called out to them while I waited outside is pretty other-world shit.
I look at Putin and XJP, 1 both reaching 70 years old, give them 20 years more to live and then what? 2 Next, both reached power and consolidated power, meaning if something happen to them because old age , there will be a power vacuum since you know they eliminated their rivals , meaning civil war or whoever is the strongest will get the pie. 3 Civil war perhaps? Back to square 1.
I lost it at kevin being singapore and raiding jb for n95 masks . Amazing content OP
I lost my job as a musician due to covid last year and their continual reluctance to make better decisions is more salt on the wound.
i love how he is always smiling when he talks! it eases the tension so so much
I love how Russia's status as being part of the West changes depending on what they want.
I love how shits on America about its policies and what not but when it comes to this everyone keeps their mouth shut
I love how the opposition supporters stay really classy throughout the election. Good job guys
I love it when we talk about QOL in Singapore. Every Singaporean just decide that your Cost of Living can be lower if you accept that your QOL can be lower.
I love my dark eye bags. When I retire, I may consider working in the zoo. As a panda.
I love sleeping alot like most people so i get like 8 hours of sleep on average. My tuition teacher heard about this and was like aiyah u sleep so much ! Jc cannot like that. Most people get 6 hours of sleep . Sleep lesser Says alot about our working culture here
I love that children studying was one of the first things he noticed bless his heart he's so precious edit im an idiot the school is the only other thing to notice on a $2 note. But he's still a very precious grandpa
I love The Office so much and have watched this episode multiple times that I can actually here all the lines even when theres no sound
I love the visual motions and facial expressions in this piece which makes it better than it already is. P.S. the smiling otter is so cute.
i love this youtube channel, everyone seems so pure and happy and curious, and i learn so many cool fun facts too! it's awesome seeing what's normal to you from someone else's point of view
I LOVE THIS. oh my god its one of my favourite shows. Thank you for making the rest of my day so much more enjoyable
I manage a team for a living. When one of my team members are sick and ask me for a sick day, I will never say no. I do not want a person who is sick to come back to work and I trust them to say that if they're sick and can't work, they can't work. If the team members do good work every day, they deserve the benefit of the doubt. Someone who abuses sick leave doesn't do good work and is easily found out. Leaders who use the people aren't responsible schtick aren't good leaders.
I may watch the Singapore parliament more if they started acting like the UK parliament . You gotta admit, it's amusing.
I mean 377A is quite literally an eg of religious groups shoving their beliefs down everyone's throats tho, no?
I mean as a Westerner who lived and worked there there's absolutely no debate amongst expats that Singapore is racist. It's one of the most racist places on the planet. covid exposed that globally as well, the world saw how it treats migrant workers. It's a shiny city built on exploiting poor foreigners to build it and rich ones too to run its companies. It's an amazing city in many ways but it's also a cautionary lesson. Many other countries when faced with deregulation and empowerment of large corporates or the wealthy literally say we don't want to become another Singapore . I hope things get better for you.
I mean as far as sex ed goes, all Bio did was to reinforce the fact that nope, pregnancy is Not For Us so I'm not sure how effective it was We did have some auntie giving the cohort a talk on sex ed in the hall but I remember cringing so hard that I dissociated for the whole hour++ w
I mean even Lee Kuan Yew accepted that homosexuality shouldn't be illegal but I think the main issue on why it hasn't been removed from the books is because it will tear the People's Action Party apart. I mean I'm a People's Action Party supporter and I would hope 377A gets removed from the books one day and probably some in government too. But what would be the reaction from those who hold strong views on 377A from People's Action Party supporters to cabinet members such as Vivian Balakrishnan? No other issue like 377A can really at this time divide the People's Action Party like this one, that's why they let the de-facto situation continue.
I mean he just flipped off the entire country . He's got big balls though, gotta give him that
I mean I think it really depends on the goals of our, uh, hypothetical attacker. If all they want is to replace some leaders with some other leaders it could go any which way. Now if we're talking genocide holocaust that's a different story.
I mean in their defense presidential races hardly affect people's livelihoods compared to the threats of job loss and illnesses
I mean in this context there is no real reason to remove this post since it's not fake news or threat to National security so I was wondering how the government might deal with this
I mean it might be a one off scenario . Most foreigners I met are great people
I mean it's so long ago and the ones who involved in it has been arrested. so it's not a surprise that people stop talking about it . After all it still operating very important healthcare business
I mean it's the owners choice la, at the end of the day Indian expats and locals are much more likely to live in condos so it would increase their likelyhood of tenancy. And to be honest most pay far more to be closer to the city, so the east-side etc where avg rental is easily 4-6K is the first choice of high SES Indians. I do not know who would pay 3.6K to live in buttfuck Singapore but I hope they lose out on months of income
I mean Jack Neo also produced alot of government content not just these army movies. Ch8 always got
I mean maybe it's a ploy for us to make babies. Now can only eat in private . cue porn music.
I mean that actually doesn't seem that crazy today given the price of those bikes, but I guess back then this wasn't the case.
I mean they don't have to be helping with the military stuffs. They can just be there to boast morale.
I mean this scandal did got a bit of traction from MustShareNews But other than that, not much else. This post from yp. Singapore is solely about the Christian author's opinion about HOGC and how the Reddit threads are just conspiracy theories and how we must not be quick to judge every church for what they allegedly do What a shame that no journalist would want to do an expose on their practices or even just the toxic culture under the surface.
I mean we were all asking to ban Chinese flights, only to be told we were xenophobic. Racism has nothing to do with this, and it has become a false Trump card to be pulled out to deflect from other devious intentions.
I mean we're screwed in a long war and isn't our strategy So anyway, I started blasting to scare the attackers.
I mean with regards to gambling. Yet we legalized casinos for the IRs and are also revamping laws to allow gambling at home Attitudes on homosexuality and most other issues have actually become more liberal previous survey results from 2013 in red in the orig table . So no, the government is not reflecting the will of the people. Claims that it is are demonstrably false.
I mean, discussion is fun but why do we even have threads like this? This is just a kneejerk reaction to compare everything to Singapore even when it's silly once you consider the context.
I mean, do you really need bromptons for work purposes? It's like buying a rolls royce to do grab.
I mean, equality means everyone has the same rights and is treated the same way and if you want your nation to be equal, it needs to be equal in every aspect or it isn't equal.
I mean, he's a white man in Asia. He's like the highest tiered human by default next to the elites of the ruling party.
I mean, how to tell the unvaccinated to TT public transport? That one impossible . At least they start to tighten on these unvaxx that are making life harder than it needs to be.
I mean, I agree with that, but it has jack shit to do with the current leadership of MOH. people almost never vote for forward thinking projects, so it's understandable that politicians don't prioritize it. That's all spilled milk under the bridge, all the people who made those decisions 20 years ago are pretty much out of power today.
I mean, if we the citizens are the bosses, we are much more happier with him. Unfortunately,.
I mean, it was, but got ruthlessly stamped out as part of the yellow culture purge The Bugis people were and still are pretty well known for being nonbinary, and so Bugis in Singapore was famous for being a transgender location Then the government cracked down hard on it.
I mean, peer pressure is a real thing, and we shouldn't underestimate it's effects on people. But often, those people moving home are not just moving home to save on rent. Many of those who move home are moving to support aging parents, or provide some kind of support or another. If anything, it's quite noble.
I mean, that's the same with Ukrainians and Russians. They both have families and ties with each other but still fight because of political reasons. The more important thing is to have strong bond over economics, military and politics.
I mean, there are few enough people in the train for those who are actually there to infer that there's a very low chance that someone else will call for help. I.e., the bystander effect is no good excuse here
I mean, we do have a Russian expat community here, so there would be demand for this
I meant for then have their first shot this week I'm expat and frustrated that my liberties and freedoms are being restricted because 200k seniors are refusing to do the one this that keeps them safe. There has to be a time when we say ENOUGH! If you've been offered the vaccine and time to complete he regime and yet declined it you and and people you live with must serve a strict SHN until you change your mind. Everyone else can then go about their lives.
I messaged 99co and the agent. They made the agent remove it. I have proof of that
I might not, probably too scared to go over. I most likely will only press the emergency call button to alert station control. In fact, I am almost certain most locals will be too shocked to help.
I misread the title as Who do you think will win in a fight? and now I'm disappointed.
I mostly agree, except. lots of younger people in India getting sick and dying, hitting all over. And so 20% vaxxed plus 1% infected already, equals 79% of people in Singapore still 100% vulnerable.
I moved out when I was 25. Renting isn't throwing money away if it gives you peace of mind and improved mental health. I concur with the guide except that I always ended up in a flat with landlords. There are some pros to landlords the good ones clean the toilet for you, and I also know some that cooks for their tenants just because they liked them. Of course it is going to be a hit or miss. I rented 5 places in the course of 15 years and encountered two bad landlords. Sad to say but if the landlord is disabled or give off vibes of OCD, it's better to give them a pass. When I was first renting, I did get the you are a Singaporean trying to find a place and that looks suspicious treatment from an agent before. Here are some real fake answers 1. I want to stay closer to school 2. My parents went to work overseas 3. We downgrade our flat and I cannot share a room with my sister I used this one. It was very effective
I moved to Singapore about 3 years ago. There is something about Singapore that I cannot quite explain. There is not enough time in a day. It just goes by like a flash. I was in my home country for 3 months last year. It felt like I was in another planet where time is slow. I thought this was my personal experience, but recently got a chance to meet a few expat friends and they immediately shared my feelings as well.
I must be one of the weird ones who actually liked it. Although I'd still take black chicken herbal soup over Essence of Chicken any day
I myself was from happyland secondary sch and happyland jc. My mother was an absolute menace to service staff and often treated them rudely. There is hope, some kids do realize their parents are terrible and go the extra mile to never ever replicate what their parents do.
I need more international news summary's in the form of The Office gifs. Please and thank you.
I never said it is a right. I said that it is a preference. You can't also make gender, religion sexual orientation a requirement in job postings, but it is also commonly found in rental listings here. So what is the solution? I don't know, other than to perhaps ban such discriminatory wording, but both you and I know that does nothing to change one's preference.
I never stated personal vieww. I stated facts. people seem to hate facts nowadays though. It's up to you to have your own view on these facts. I have stated zero views of my own on this subject. But to placate you in answering your question, the solution has always been there but it had to be implemented years ago. Kudos to John J. Mearsheimer in 2015
I never thought about what happened to Maria Hertogh after the riots. Seems like her own life seemed to be one long continuous stretch of turmoil. Very sad. Thanks for sharing this.
I never understood and still don't understand why people have to be such dicks sometimes. Seriously, who benefits from you being a dipshit to others?
I never wanted to know what Singaporean kid s would be like on an India trip, and it's just as disappointing as I thought it would be. Which city was this?
I never worked any retail jobs, but apparently in Korea I am Korean and 16, don't live there , anyone who works in retail and serving restaurants, etc. , are treated like subhuman trash. Of course people who act like this are a minority, but there's videos of rich people throwing tantrums and talking shit to workers at high-end department stores, at some cases even beating or mocking them. In the entrances to the Incheon airport terminals or gates, theres a sign on the line to get your bags xray'd, etc., that the reason they are xraying bags is not because they are suspicious of the travellers. All I could think of about the sign was that some entitled asshat probably complained about the searching and probably threatened the workers.
I no longer have any intention of sacrificing my life, my time, my freedom and the adolescence of my daughters, as well as their right to study properly, for those who refuse to be vaccinated. This time you stay at home, not us. this resonated with me so much. i feel like they are not really acknowledging or much less understanding a lot of the frustrations we have now. vaccinated or not, i still need to suffer the stupid rules set by the government because of those who don't want the jab or stupid people that think they're smart by being all i wait and see . why the heck is the government being so patient with the people who refuse to get vaccinated? they're the fuckin leaders of this country and most sporeans are obedient ducks so if they mandate vaccination we confirm hit like 90% a long time ago pls. how are we ever going to get out of this situation if it depends on vaccination rate but vaccination is voluntary and people are being lazy or unnecessarily paranoid or stubborn? do they think they're being jesus by showing unconditional love to the 200k burden seniors that didn't get jabbed? you chose not to jab. it's ok i forgive u and will protect u in exchange for the livelihoods of all businesses in Singapore and the mental health of our vaccinated countrymen . .or maybe they're living such comfy lives that they don't feel the same frustration we do when all these restrictions come into place and we're no longer able to move about freely. maybe they have their own chef, swimming pool, gym, and golf course. even if everything outside closes they're not affected so they don't feel anything at all putting back restrictions again. seriously. vaccinated people should get some form of compensation for having to suffer with the stupid black sheep. at first thought there's advantage because of the groups of 5 for vaccinated pax but in the end some restaurants just do a blanket 2 pax or table because it's more convenient, and then it got cancelled after just 3 days. zzz. cancel next year's NDP and use the money give angpow to everyone who followed the rules and all the businesses who had to suffer because of the repeated flip flops. thanks. also, can't imagine if this is the level of frustration on the ground, how must the migrant workers living in the dorms be feeling right now cooped up in the same place for god knows how many months. come to think, wasn't the number of suicides higher than the number of deaths from covid in Singapore even since pandemic started? how can they keep doing this to us without providing any mental health resources or something liddat. what a long rant. it's been a week of sad news, i feel like i want to stop reading the newspapers for a while to detox or something.
I normally disagree with you for a lot of things, but fuck yes brother. Fuck them idiots
I noticed this in my email from Comfort, couldnt miss it and had a smile, this one really one-upped Grab
I noticed this while I was visiting and working there over the summer. Some family friends invited us over for dinner, and were openly talking shit about other kids in front of me and my dad their kids were finishing high school or JC? and coming back to the states for college . It was so off-putting that they were so casual about it. I now understand where they were getting that mentality, but it still sucks.
I omitted some details because my classmates chat group is lighting up and I don't want them to be reminded of this . Ek Soo Ben era. Anyway yea. I'm actually glad you didn't hear of it. Back then all I felt was shame, and wished everyone would pretend everything was fine, and everything to go back to the way it was before the bullying started. The shame is still present even now. I wished I knew what would have been the right thing to do back then. The me back then would have been terrified if the teachers or parents got involved. I'm glad everything turned out fine in the end.
I once worked on a project with 2 space indentation. I did not like working on that project.
I only discovered the vaccine makes you magnetic theory today thanks to that group. I feel like I've been cheated. Pfizer, where's my free 5G signal?
I only followed the religion up til early 20s because it was what I was taught. Like a robot I did everything I had to but felt nothing in my heart. Was severely depressed at one point because I felt tired of pretending just to live up to other people's expectations of me. Even more depressed when I left the religion . So yeah it's a coping mechanism for a lot of people. Basically I threw the meaning of life out the window and was confused about how to live my life from then on. But after experiencing many things in life and reading about different religions and philosophies, meeting different people etc. I finally made peace with the fact that I'll never know how I came about and the meaning of life. I just hope hell doesn't exist .
I only followed this sub on a whim and I'm glad we can be united by sigma memes
I only found out the conclusion of the reports about two years ago. There was 0 action taken against them, not even a caution. I feel betrayed by it of course, but try to move on with my life.
I only moved out at the age of 31, the amount of money saved was unimaginable. If I had a choice, I wouldn't move out all my life.
I only speculating from hearsay, if POFMA need to POFMA the entire EDMW where this theory is commonly thrown around heh
I only watch KFC. Time to go gym for a change edit oh wait cheebye phase 2 heightened alert.
I ordered Borscht soup, Medovik honey cake, dumpling combo platter, Okroshka cold soup, Shuba salted herring salad and Zharkoe stew. I liked all of it. For the dumplings, it's like Chinese-style boiled dumplings, but the fillings are very different. Good meal overall.
I own a f&b related store and this has ruined my day. We were just starting to recover from P2HA too. No choice but to soldier on
i own property and after excluding all the types people i don't want living in it, i'm only left with myself
I partially blame the worker's respective governments for this. Despite how badly their own countrymen are treated, I've not heard of the Indian or Bangladeshi government speak a single word on this issue. They're the only ones who actually has enough clout and incentive to make the government take note. NGOs, journalists and workers themselves don't have enough power to change much and for many Singaporeans, they don't feel this is their fight.
I personally feel that it would look better if faced more to the right with still water. Nonetheless easily one of the best picture taken from the infinity pool
I pity people with allergies to the vaccines. They want to get vaccinated but cannot. So now they are stuck.
I play the sport on a recreation basis and used to play in the school team during primary school donkey years ago so I have an interest in TT and been watching loads of matches during the Olympics so that's why I watched all her matches since she started off her Olympics journey in Round 2. Let's put the Oh but she not true Blue SINKIE ! , Its China A players playing China B players what! argument aside. lt's irrelevant. To say she has done very well despite not getting the bronze is an understatement. She has in fact overachieved and exceeded expectations. Very simple. - World No1 and World 2 in final. Both China players of course since they are on a totally different level from everyone as expected. - YMY lost to World No 1 in semi finals. Gone down with an injury in the 4th set but shouldered on to finish the match -She played the World No 3 for bronze and let's not forget YMY is world ranked 50! I know World rankings don't mean a crap as on any given day and the form or momentum is there, anyone can beat anyone but the gulf in standards is still there -She lost but it's still a crazy achievement if you think of it and NO ONE would had bet on her reaching that far for sure. Well done to her and its time to rest a bit till the next competition.
I play videos from this dude called MDprospect when I'm working. He plays decent music plus his videos have a bell sound for 5 min breaks between 25 min sessions which is quite useful. I do not know why it works to keep me focused but it does, otherwise my covid WFH ass will be surfing Reddit the whole day.
I played the demo some time ago and was very impressed, even though I generally suck at ARPGs. Wishing you success.
I pointed it out to my parents the day I saw the electoral district map. Sengkang was the smallest GRC I've ever seen and it included chunks of WP hotbed, Hougang. Its almost like they already knew People's Action Party would loose this GRC.
I pretend to be Japanese or Korean and speak very bad konglish. not enuf salespeople have approaching me recently tho, so I've been lacking entertainment
I probably only touch fast food of any kind once every few months. It does gross you out after not eating grease for a while. That said lots of our hawker food isn't that healthy either.
I probably should but in real life I'm your typical shy pushover person. Not just in regards to racism but just about anything anyone does. It's a personal flaw I'll have to overcome eventually
I promise I won't force it on you 3 beers later Hey let's colonise and invade some countries in God's name!
I quote my BMT encik. Are you a bloody doctor? No? Neither one of us is qualified to determine your fitness for training. No MC no talk. MARCH!
I quote Think about that if Indian variant spreads in Singapore and the government decide to go back to stage 2 or 1, then Indian people in Singapore will experience a much worse situation. He didn't say could experience . He said will experience . I think it's unfair to lump ethnicities together. One person bringing the disease here, doesn't mean that a community should be ostracized. Similar to how that didn't happen when the virus was brought to our shores in the first wave. It's abhorrent and we should be careful with how we phrase such outcomes - especially under the present situation.
I rather have Popeye's Chicken or Church's Fried Chicken over KFC. Jollibee here is quite new and just so-so.
I rather kids be prepared. then at least they won't go into the world blind and hopefully, this will reduce the number of people being vulnerable and getting taken advantaged of. there are so many stuff to explain. girls and even women now will do well knowing that pick up artists exist and how they can manipulate others to like them. redpill is a thing too and there are good and bad parts to it. at the same time, don't be too jaded about it all and assume that every guy is out to scam you. isn't there some professional we can ask to consolidate a textbook or something , I wouldn't know where to begin explaining stuff. I want it so that if someone is doing something, they are doing it while knowing all the risks for eg no protection and if something happened, at least they are mentally ready for it instead of being traumatised.
I read a bit about Malay history. Malay culture is closely intertwined with Islam due to hundreds of years of exposure to Arab and Indian Muslim merchants and missionaries. Before that, you guys were animists, then Hindus and Buddhists. It's very different from e.g. local Chinese christians that converted in the past 2-3 generations to get closer to our past colonial overlords. There's still big discrepancies between Chinese or christian culture.
I read a comment somewhere yesterday They elected a fool and got a president. Other countries elect presidents and get fools.
I read about it, keyword is may. More importantly, its a powerful rallying call for Ukraine - just because they're still alive doesn't mean this is 'propaganda'
I read something in a UK magazine, regarding the toll covid has had in British care homes. The fact is that if you're in a care home, you are likely unwell to the extent you cannot look after yourself. The writer a practicing GP and comedian, interesting guy said that at least since the early days, covid deaths have been peaceful, as they've essentially been medically sedated. He said between a choice of death of dementia or covid, he would choose covid, and not every covid death is a tragedy . I've thought about it a lot. My grandma died of covid, she had dementia. She was done. Would she have made the choice? I have sympathy for the old. But not the wait and see kind of people. Enough is enough, if the group most at risk do not want to get vaccinated, that's their right under informed consent. But the rest of us cannot be held to ransom.
I read the quotes in Gollum's voice edit I'm an idiot, Smeagol is the husband and Gollum the wife
I really admire your courage to post this, as this is a difficult issue to talk about in Singapore. I feel you!
I really avoid stereotypes when working with people regardless of their background. In my case I just happen to be working in a job where knowledge about the school they attend matters a lot.
I really cannot fucking tahan those people. Bloody obvious that you are young lady who wants extra money and pocket some money during the hols, but instead you go with the mindset that this person is a dumbass. Like fuck off la, you're just pampering your damn son who won't know the value of hardwork. If i ever hear some shit like this bloody wack the pukimak.
I really don't want another cheebye, but replaying MapleStory Private Server was fun tho. after all these years still F Cute cashy maple gf, must active
I really feel for all the hawkers and restaurant owners. They have repeatedly gotten fucked over
I really loved Vincent Wijeysingha as a politician and I do believe that him being gay was the reason he exited Singapore politics. I also feel that, had he gone further and higher, we'd have borne witness to 377a being enforced. in my opinion that's a big reason they're keeping it. If you're a regular nobody, you probably don't have to fear, but they'll have no qualms using it against those whom they deem a threat.
I really want to see him try though, he has so many years of experience and contacts. Maybe really one day he will give us something he truly believes in and puts his heart and soul into a story he wants to see happen in the big screen or Netflix or whatever medium will exist
i recall reading this same story a few months ago on this sub too. are you trolling us?
I recall when the scandal came about, I asked my church friend not City harvest . How much u give to church. She says around 15-20% of salary. Then I asked her how much she gave to her parents, she says 100. If I'm the parent I'll throw the daughter out and let the church feed her.
I recently read an article saying that statistically, couple who spend extravagantly on their wedding tend to end up in divorce.
I recovered from covid 19 last month and only had one dose of vaccine before being infected. Now I can't take second dose due to moh rules and most restaurants don't recognize the exemption given to recovered patients. Understandable, most are just employees doing their jobs, it's easier to just check tt app for vaccination status and accept nothing else. In the past month, only one restaurant let me in and the manager had to be called to check the discharge papers I took along with me. I imagine that it would be impossible to get into malls with these new rules, since those checking will probably be part timers who will just follow the rules given by their employers. Sry just wanted to rant a little, hopefully more people will recognise these exemption as time passes
i relate with this post so much and honestly i wish i didn't. especially fucking racial harmony day and ANY DAY that indian culture was to be displayed and the indian dance group was to perform. they always fucking make fun of it? it's horrible and i remember getting so angry that nobody could respect our culture.
i rem got one year during the charity performance or show he personally put himself in a container of ice, waist height, and stood in there for like an hour?
I rem my JC teacher was like this. Literally say will not accept parents letter because when you go out and work your workplace will only accept MC.
I rem when I was a kid and forced to have that book and made people donate money . It was for Nkf if I am not wrong
I remember a week ago when there was a spike in the number of community cases, the toilet paper shelf at the NTUC I went to was nearly wiped out.
I remember being super competitive about it and trying to top the collection as a kid back then.
I remember coming here to lepak after school. If you come here after school you're either from Queensway or Queenstown or Gan Eng Seng
I remember getting told off by my psychiatrist for not sleeping enough and I got frustrated thinking how much just a little bit more sleep helps but I can't even get that because to my ex-bosses I would've been someone victimising myself for having terrible mental health as a result of work
I remember I got pulled into a conversation once when they first appeared in Jurong east. Storytel did sound like a good app for reading. But I was only really pretending to be interested and turned them down since I barely read books anymore. Anytime after that, I was walk past without making eye contact with any of them. In the future, please learn to say no to avoid stuff like this. If you don't want to be dragged, don't make eye contact. Most sale people will probably take eye contact as the sign to approach you and will likely leave you alone if you don't show interest. Even if it sounds good, it is probably better to calmly and carefully consider anything before signing up.
I remember I lost the book almost immediately and had to make a police report because of it. Didn't have to ask for donation afterwards.
I remember just before my freshmen year somebody got stabbed at my highschool. I wasn't there but some of my older friends were and they had to get counseling and therapy because of the trauma. My friend tried to describe his trauma to me and he said it was a really weird feeling. He knew it wasn't his fault the other person died but he felt though as if maybe he could've done something to help. In retrospect he did everything he could have to save the other persons life but the logic of the situation just doesn't match up with the emotion he felt about the situation.
I remember my Grandfather who isn't a Singaporean From China but came to Singapore saying racist shit about other races. I was only like 3 years old and I actually believed it because I was raised with strict Chinese traditions that elderly is the wisest and that whatever they say is true. He taught me a racial slur about the Japanese which I didn't know and I went around my kindergarten saying that shit and was scolded. I don't know I was racist until I entered Primary School and had to learn Social Studies which included stuff about racial harmony and I swear when I opened the textbook and had my first lesson, I was woke. I immediately knew how fucked up my grandfather and sometimes my mom who is also from China was. I am so glad Singapore has social studies if not I would have grown up and became a racist person unknowingly. So I am really surprised when my friends say there is no racism in Singapore when they straight up judge people on their race. I am so sorry you had to experience this and I hope Singaporeans will learn that thinking about racist shit but not talking about racist shit is still racist. It's still prejudice and I hate it when people deny everything and say they I am not patriotic to Singapore and that what I am saying is a lie even though I am constantly reminded of some racist shit at home. Chinese New Year is extremely painful because my aunts and uncles who are not Singaporean and have not gone through the Singapore education system talk about racist shit. I remember a aunt telling me not to mix with the Malays because they are gangsters and bullies even though every single time I was bullied was actually a Chinese and the person who stood up for me once was actually a Malay. I looked around and saw my cousins who went through Singapore's education system cringing so hard and being so embarrassed I straight up left and went to my room. Anyways what I am trying to say is yea some Singaporeans are racist and Singaporeans shouldn't say there is no racism in Singapore and sorry you had to go through this, it's a shame Singapore is always called a multi cultural society when shit like this happens constantly.
I remember once they tasered a chopper wielding somewhat older woman and she was up and yelling at them after a minute or so.
I remember seeing a video about actions of government what they could do and couldnt do. Some things they will actively promote, some things will prohibit, and some things they neither promote or prohibit. Dont remember the title anymore.
I remember seeing the photo of the kid getting scolded for the time, saying Hey that old guy looks familiar Turns out it WAS my primary school principal
I remember seeing this before and being intrigued. Super excited to see it coming to fruition! American by passport, Singaporean by soul.
I remember some dude in my squad ask why no warning shot, my SI ketok him and say 10 ROUNDS ONLY YOU WANT TO BOBO 1 ROUND?
I remember that, I think the finale was a huge hoohaa at Suntec Convention Center where the entire new committee was forced to step down after mass protests.
I remember this one. if I remember correctly there was an article on the newspaper about nparks buying the bicycles. The hardware zone folks got triggered about them buying such expensive bikes. Their subsequent CSI found that the nparks officer involved were friends with the seller and somehow the tender and award period in gebiz was over the CNY week. Shortly after that another news article came out about MND investigating this purchase. Whether it was flagged due to MND doing their due diligence or because the hardware zone people stirred enough shit, is anyone's guess. I remembered it because it was one of the few times their CSI actually did some good. edit paragraphing
I remember those days when secondary schs were strict as fuck regarding the possession of mobile phones. We hid our phones in the false ceiling. Sometimes the teachers let us off when they caught us because even they know it's a damn stupid rule to ban mobile phones.
I remember watching videos of people reaching just as the can of hellfish is opened, even slightly
I remember when I was a student I used to work as a server. I am quite social and would always try to strike up a conversation with the people I was serving. I genuinely want to be good to others and it made the job so much better. For the most part, people would be receptive and would engage in conversation. Once a shift or so, I'd get someone that would not be as receptive. Best case, they ignore my efforts, worst case they are just rude. I would not give up and continue the conversation if I could and felt it was okay to do so. Without fail, people changed how they spoke to me after asking me what do I do when not serving. I would reply I am in school. I would leave it at that. If they dug deeper I'd tell them that I am in law school. The way they spoke, their face expression, the tone of their voice and overall their interaction with me would completely change. I could never understand that. I am the same person right now and 5 minutes ago before you found out what I do. I can totally understand where you are coming from and I wish people were just people and polite to each other because they wanted to. Before you are a sales girl, a law student or anything else, you are a human being. Just for that you deserve to be treated with a certain level of respect. It does not cost anyone anything to be kind and respectful. The whole bit about telling other parents about how much better their kids are, that's just projecting their insecurities onto others. I believe that a genuine person and parent that is happy with their life and family, does not feel the need to broadcast to the world how great their life is or how much better their children are than others. Good on you for bringing awareness and for actually caring about doing your job right. Good luck in school and sorry for the rant.
I remember when she got married and her ROM pics went viral. I think I still have them .
I remember years ago an American studying in Singapore got sacked with a cane several times for stealing signs. They take their punishment very seriously. This guy is in a lot of trouble.
I remembered a time when like clockwork CDG would always increase their fares. And the worst is after they increase, the rest of the cab companies would follow suit.
I remembered reading somewhere that in the Mormon church in the US, you have to pay tithe as a percentage of income. So every month they get a portion of your salary. I'm thinking it's a similar model here.
i respect your views. i have 2 young children. i love all the time that i am able to spend with them. growing up in Singapore is not going to be a stroll in the park. but neither is life in many parts of the world. eg in war torn countries, or even in NY, yet people still have children What i do hope is that there are enough singaporeans in Singapore such that when my kids grow up, they won't be a minority in their country, or worse, to have no more country to call their own. the views here predominantly are not in favour of having children. i hope to urge you to reconsider. life is never easy, especially when we are brought up with expectations of the kind of living standards we aspire to. but more than having a country, it is also about family. yes, there are some who are happy the way they are without kids. and there would be unhappy children too. but were you happy with your parents? at one point, i thought i wouldn't have children too. lifestyle changed when i had a kid. but it brought joy and, admittedly, heartaches too. but would i rewind the clock and not have children? no. if anything, i thought it brought greater clarity to my mind that there are things worth living for.
i rly wonder about this kid sometimes, i hope hes gone places, he has the potential to.
I said it once and I'll say it again as a PoV from a 14 year old, I'm now in secondary school obviously and recently did a Geographical Investigation project, basically we we're supposed to do a survey. I do not know why but previously I had a very good impression of Singapore and Singaporeans, but afterwards, I thought the opposite. Just because I needed their help for a survey, some of them were quite rude when they declined to do when asked. It's not that hard to say sorry, but I don't wish to do it. I understand how annoying it is for a person to be pestered to take flyers and asked about surveys or even sign up for insurance or credit cards by sales people, but everyone have to earn a living, it's not that hard to decline POLITELY. Is this an issue? No to most people but yes to me. Am I salty about it? Maybe yes, but it really hurts me to see that these same people might be treating other people rudely when all the other people want to do is to earn a living for their family. Singaporeans should treat each other with respect, especially on the internet, where whenever someone post about someone else doing something especially on Facebook or stomp other netizens will just jump into conclusion and say shit about the person being posted, when they never even see what has really happened. To all those people like that, YOU , yes YOU are the toxic ones who judge first because you're hiding in your home and writing comments which might cause harm without thinking twice. But these are just my opinion, please take it with a grain of salt.
I said the same thing a few weeks back. One of my friends cannot take the vaccine on medical grounds. Whole bunch of Redditors on this sub basically said too bad for my friend and she should be responsible and stay home. And that's it's her problem.
I salute him. He was offered a chance to flee to the US but he turned it down. A hero stays together with his men to fight!
I saw 2 nurse on the MRT yesterday. I don't know about others on the train but I actually felt safer standing next to them. Maybe because they were wearing face mask. And I'm pretty sure they washed their hands with soap before leaving the hospital.
I saw a comment linking to an ad that said only Indians which by definition excludes the majority race in singapore. Don't see anyone raising their pitchforks about it. A common preference for landlords is to only accept female renters. Is that sexist?
I saw a mixed race PRC or Singapore couple bragging about their kid so it's not just a Singaporean thing I guess. Though the guy might be a new citizen. But seriously how sad do you have to be to need to live through your kid's successes? I'm the kid that my parents lived through and I now realize that it causes psychological problems on both parties. On the bright side I resolved not to do so with my kids, hopefully I succeed.
i saw a post a few years ago of a convenience store where they posted a sign customers - we will no longer accept boob or shoe money
i saw a post on carousell advertising a condo common room. Messaged the user and got a reply pinoy only . I made a report to carousell for racism and got an update saying they dealt with it but the post was still there, nothing was done apparently.
I saw a whole bunch of spiders in Silicon Valley. Turns out they were web developers
I saw another post saying how when soldiers were told they weren't allowed to use their hand phones they knew there was bad news coming and it was because they knew that if someone died they wouldn't want the parents or loved ones of those who died to find out because it was on social media instead from an official source first because it could make them worry a lot to see that there's a memorial page or something and then wondering if your child really died so I think it's the same principle
I saw it. I agree with you on CDL. Can't say about Grab as no experience. More often than not, my father has to worry about just paying rental fees itself daily and have disadvantages as you describe. We are just fortunate that a sibling of mine already working a full-time job to cover those losses. Still am happy a lot here are trying to support Comfort drivers!
I saw Kirsten Han doing a running commentary on the whole event. I wonder if she planned the whole thing with the 5 youngsters. If she did, that's a pretty low blow because the youngsters are the one getting hit while she gets away scot free. even if she didn't, she should have advised the youngsters to stand down and fight another day and not martyr themselves edit changed from did to didn't
I saw my bedroom door move on it's hinges. That shows how light the hdb doors are these days
I saw the smoke from a distance, direction isn't at Coney Island area. I can't confirm exactly where but should be at Pulau Ubin. edit it's at Pasir Gudang
I saw there was a leaked document not sure if its propaganda saying that Russia started this war not because of the Neo Nazis in Ukraine, but to end the Western world order and that China, India, Latin America, middle eastern countries and the entire South East Asia is supporting this act by Russia. Ermm.
I saw this and I can't even tell if this person was trolling. Be careful if you all need go hospital or doctor. don't fall asleep. later they realize we are unvax and jab us when we sleeping. scary. But people actually responded to this with oh no . Are people really that stupid?
I say first few days of lockdown. It is NORMAL human behaviour to panic and to want to stock up when they feel a sense of emergency
I say this from a scientific research point of view. does anyone have data on the higher-risk complications of unvaxx?
I say this is a very concise way to address the issue with Ministry of Education and it's trashy sex ed and the homophobia, transphobia and stuff
I second your point on China, and their very covert attempts to influence the populace. Most recent were the vaccine misinformation that i heard from my own circle, spouting unvelievable bs. These came from people of good socio economic standing, constantly telling me that Sinovac was more effective than mrna despite the evidence , not to go for boosters etc. Not just boomers , boomers + their millenial kids.
i see a pro putin campaign on fb and when i check out the profile, its all church crazies. the usual suspects keep cropping up again and again for some reason. younger people too
I see it as a triple win for WP. They gained 4 new seats in parliament, retained their Aljunied Hougang stronghold and that the party's renewal is a success.
I see people complaining about the karaoke lounge visitors but if it wasn't them it would be another group not following rules and spreading it around. This is just how it works, infection cycles of 3-6 months in length. Cases go up, lockdown, cases go down, relax lockdown, then repeat. It's not just Singapore doing this. For the countries that won't see high percentage of vaccinations Australia will get through this wave, then probably see another 2 before they get everyone vaccinated.
I see the Harry Potter series on the shelf. Where got time for leisure reading? Girl, this year is your o levels, you better buck up! Otherwise you'll turn out like Filch then how?
I see where you are coming from, but i would like to point that for validating Singapore's stance, India doesn't have to be a soft target. Also regarding students facing consequences, this is very subjective. You should evaluate the case where India would have taken anti-russia stance, possibly the students would have been subject of Russian army's anger. Ukrainian hostility incidents could have many reasons not only a response in UN. Infact as per same media, they are presently hostile to other nationalities also, reasons given are racism, anger, etc.
I see you have not been keeping track of the WP's trajectory in the last 4 elections. A quick summary here. 2001 2 seats contested. 1 seat won. 2006 20 seats contested. 1 seat won. 2011 23 seats contested. 6 seats won. 2015 28 seats contested. 6 seats won. This is . Growing healthily. Trying to fight by saying we aren't really good at our job but vote for us so People's Action Party, even though they have always won by doing a consistent good job, will consistently do a good job even though we don't really matter since we acknowledge that People's Action Party is going to win. See the stupidity in this? Yes. This is stupid. But it is more stupid to rephrase the words without putting in effort to understand the message. Try paying more attention and watch the video a few more times. And if you still have problem understanding the message which is about the importance of having different ideas for governing Singapore. You can try to view the video at half speed. If you still come to the same conclusion that what you typed was what Prof Lim's message in the video, then I suggest you take a English enrichment course, possibly using your SkillFuture credits.
I see, but that's also weird since your denominator is not static. If at T 1, you have 1 death out of 10 boosted. At T 2, you have 1 death out of 1000 boosted. How do you come up with an aggregate rate? Do you do 1+1 or 10+1000? Or do you do average of 1 or 10 and 1 or 1000? They give very different rates. edit what's with the downvote + lack of explanation of why I'm wrong?
I see, which explains why many are unhappy with the allocated time which puzzled me
I see. I'm completely oblivious when it comes to housing laws. What's the main reason why CEA can't do anything? I've had people tell me it's because it's not public like HDB, but privately owned, which is why they can't do anything about their decision
I see. yikes consider myself content and enlightened. How much is the rent ur paying as well as a fresh grad's salary there anyway?
I seriously think it's a bad move for the government to allow cpf to be used on mortgages in the first place.
I served my NS reservist requirement of 10 years from 1999 to 2009. I was 33 when finished. After that, it is all career mode. No more ICT or IPPT after that. Not exactly 40s. Now 1 or 2 way paying thru my flat.
I sleep a lot more in university and now as a working adult, I actually have a proper sleep schedule.
I sleep at eleven and wake up at 5. Leave the house at 6, reach school at around 6.30. Am in classroom at 7, lessons start at 7.45. On the plus side, I walk to work, so no need to fight with people for space on public transport.
I so want to stand up an applaud. Alas, it would be weird to do that in my living room by myself.
I start thinking it's part of propaganda by Russia, they know how and where to push the button. I wonder commoners in Malaysia know or care much about geopolitics in the region before, yet recently there are articles or WA msg that eloquently narrate about it. Same happens in Indonesia too. I watched CNA' docu about how they influenced people in US during trump campaign, very sleek those people.
I started a petition on this last year, there's an email template people can use but if it means a lot, you might want to consider drafting your own letter instead because we know MPs have been receiving these letters one-person assembly and the Public Order Act was raised in parliament recently .
I started alone but now I'm not. I have two people helping me, though I don't know if they want to be named !
I started taking public transport instead of walking because wearing a mask in 30 degree weather is unbearable to me.
I stayed up for the results having as low expectations as I can judging from 2015 election, and this news just make me feel that this staying up is so worth it. Sengkangers I'm so envious of ya all whom get to see jamus oppppppa
I still don't get arrogance at all, of any type really we all end up dead in the end. Enjoying life should be the primary pursuit for everyone really not playing dumb comparison games every single second of your life. This even happens in America though. I may be dressed in bum clothes and people will just assume my education is just high school or something but when they find out I went to the 12th oldest law school in the USA and have all sorts of fancy degrees their tone drastically changes, not always but often. Just because you read some books for three years and passed an exam doesn't mean I'm better than anyone though, we're all humans and deserve to be treated as such.
I still don't get what 2 consenting adults do privately have anything to concern the freaking government.
I still don't see the link how an uncle holding an iPad in public is related to Wall-E.
I still feel guilt over a friend who committed suicide. Having been through depression myself, I immediately saw the clear signs on her Facebook with the nature of her posts. But that was after she was gone. Keep telling myself why didn't I just check up on her, or even go through my Facebook enough that I would have been able to see the red flags and possibly save her. I know that was practically nothing that I could have done since her posts weren't on my feed anyway but that guilt never went away.
I still follow SGAG but i notice their content is slowly declining lately and the jokes are just lame now. Some are good though! But without Xiao Ming, it's just different.
I still have fears of telling people I am from ITE. Thank you, Jack Neo. ITE its the end.
I still have PTSD about studying. It's so bad that whenever someone forces me to study something, my brain will go Fuck this crap. I'm turning off and reject whatever new kind of knowledge or wipe them clean after a certain amount of time even.
I still made it to university despite not having tuition during my jc times but at the same time, I'm shocked when I found out every single classmate of mine has tuition in at least one subject with some parents spending thousands every month on their kids tuition fees. during my time, even in schools like hwachong a good number of people didn't enroll in tuition at all how is it that every classmate of yours had tuition? what jc or batch were you from, if you don't mind me asking?
I still remember the compusary $2 donation to NFK deduct from my very low NS pay.Cancelled it when i got out of NS.Bloody sucker dunno suck how much money from NS man.
I still rmb how the Chinese teacher screamed his head off at a girl just because she could only afford some loose change from her lunch money for the donation . It was a xtian school some more. Those were the days where such abusive behaviors from teachers are acceptable
I struggle to think of a single measure that is actually limiting the spread of covid. Ironically, the non mandatory anti bacterial gels everywhere probably help the most. Everything else singapore is doing is basically just security theater.
I studied on Malaysia, a decent IB school. I know how arrogant parents can be, they looked down on me a bit, but it was okay because of my background, I was used to getting looked down upon. In turn, their children treated me with disrespect. When I moved to another country, I instantly got picked up to the top school there, scholarship and all. Facebook was still big and my mum was proud, so she shared it. I return to Malaysia a year later to be greeted by fake people as if I'm in their league now. Call me a wet blanket if you wish, but I just became friends with them, and remained friends with my old ones In the lower league . Education hierarchy is huge in South East Asia. I really don't get it.
I suck at saying no to people so I don't even stop to say no, I am not interested to salespersons, financial advisors etc. Whenever I stop to listen for just 5 seconds, I'll find myself spending 15 minutes listening to this random financial advisor and giving my name, number and email address to them I solved this by always having my earbuds or earphones in and just walking briskly to wherever I'm going
I suddenly remember that Chan Chun Sing leaked audio. That's behind closed doors. Now I can only imagine how most of them elites talk behind closed doors.
I suggest you look around for more opinions rather than basing off one stranger's post on the internet! Singapore's healthcare is rated as 6 by the WHO for a reason.
I suppose only time will tell if the wills of healthcare worker will reach it's breaking point. Only then we'll blame the lack of foresight over this fiasco.
I suppose the problem is that with schools being discriminatory toward transgenders and homosexuals, the intolerance won't easily die out with the boomers.
I suppose you are uniquely qualified to talk about hardship then. for what it is worth I think most of the male military-aged Ukranians still in country simply didn't make it out in time. The smart ones are halfway to the Berliner Ausl nderbehorde.
I sure don't live the high life but spent 50k building house on 15 acres and owe no one anything. Now I can work when I want. people need to re-evaluate their choices. There are so many places to go which are so much cheaper.
I sure hope the hosts paid them a damn good sum of money for helping them film their videos
I suspect that because the Malaysian army is made up of mostly professionals with long experience on average each Malaysian solider has more firing experience. Malaysian army is indeed not very good. Malaysia spends less than 1% of its GDP on defence and it is not a priority at all. Singapore can win, not because conscription makes us strong, but because Malaysia has a bad military.
I suspect the guy bribed MOH say he come to do business but after that go visit relatives.
I suspect they had already planned it. What's questionable is why they delayed it until now? Cannot announce last week ?!
I suspect this is one of the biggest drivers of China's and HK's covid-zero strategy. They know but refuse to publicly admit their vaccine is useless, and to actually open up will lead to a high degree of serious illness and death. What HK is going through now would be the same or worse experience in China, only on a massive scale.
I suspect we will be seeing more infections as India's shitstorm starts cascading into nearby ASEAN countries. With how fucked India is right now, you could almost see it as a new covid-21 outbreak, since the 1 billion population size in India is the perfect testbed for the virus to mutate even more and turn into some sort of super-variant.
I swear I've never seen an otter in person when I was in Singapore, do they appear certain seasons or times?
I swear if you listen carefully there probably are moaning sounds towards the end of the clip.
I swear to God, in 10 years there will be a what was 'The Incident' in your secondary school type question post and this would be the top response.
I swear, if Singapore ever has an earthquake, I'll be the first to die because I can never feel such things. Once, my father randomly excitedly got up while we were watching TV and went Can you feel it?! And I was like Erm Put your back against the wall! what the fuck, are you high? Nah, I'm just so insensitive to such subtle differences. Guess I'll just die then.
i think a lot of people dont realise how dangerous fighting is, i would never fight someone even if they're half my size. so many things can go wrong in a fight, imagine the guy full force kick ur balls or poke your eyes, it's just not worth the risk to step in. hopefully someone here used the emergency button or called police at least
I think a simpler answer would be it's % of cases, not % of death cases
I think almost all schools teach how to use a condom, my main point was not about if they teach about condoms or not but about pre-marital sex and nuclear families
I think alot of gyms are by booking system now so it probably wouldn't be much different
I think arrogance invalidates class. Good schools do not define a person just as having a superior car does not make me a good driver.
I think at the end of the day, a lot of it has to do with the choices you make. Massive weddings are unnecessary. Crazy house reno also unnecessary. We spent 22k i think on revamping a resale flat, along w all the furnitures and even wooden toys all included in our taobao shipment etc . I married right after I finished university, simple wedding w close friends, no unnecessary fancy music thing, our friends are djs, I supported all my designer friends got friends to take photographs, video, design and tailored clothes and accesories diy wedding bouquet, I designed my own card, went smart and did Black white printing on a good card paper. Wedding ring was ethically sourced and recycled material. Less than 500 sgd for the both of us. had a kid a year after, started working full time only 3 years after giving birth. But thank god I studied design and picked up software dev while gg through motherhood crisis. I had some freelance stuff to survive on. Fast forward to now, happy and contented with our minimalist 4rm flat, a 5yo boy. We don't earn much. I think hub and I combined would be 6k ish? Sometimes more because I would do freelance when I'm not crazy busy w my full time job. I work in a tech start up, my husband works in media But we learnt how to save, prioritise. I got a job that has the best flat hierarchy power, been doing wfhm since forever. I get to be w my kid whenever I want. Could have always gone corporate or government and earn more but I enjoy the ability to do work that I like and be there for the fam. I think it all depends on you and the choices you make. Got all the money in the world also sometimes mean nothing. You'll just feel empty inside. What is happiness then? No one knows. Maybe. Moving overseas? Grass is always greener on the other side. I mean I'm still considering but I also notice a few of my friends eventually coming back after a few years. Moving overseas would be for my kid as I believe in the joy of learning and education. I can't deal w the unnecessary competition here but hey if I broke the mould, I'm sure my kid would be able to do so too. Friend. Choice is yours. Get out of the idealistic thoughts of how things should be. Remove noise. I must say thou, minimalism plays a huge part in my life and I am thankful for that. Also, I really like school and learning. If I had all the resources and time, I would do PhD and multiple masters. I personally don't think education is a waste of time. Godspeed!
i think bad people are just bad people. they use religion as excuse. thats all. similarly, the same dude would still be a bad person as an atheist.
I think because singapore was build based on racial segregation from the beginning. So there is not much assimilation between race that would bend some norm and tradition to accommodate interaction between race in society that in the end would create a new subculture that is different from original.
I think being child free due to climate problems is a pretty significant thing worldwide too. Me and my partner definitely a little hesitant for this reason. There's also a change in perception about how childbirth is a duty or responsibility. These days it also almost feels selfish to have children because of self-beneficial incentives a la the traditional Chinese way
I think better out of this topic. Take care and enjoy! Old and new generations gaps.
I think both the 'illiterate' and 'how did he get into RI?' comments are by Vivian Balakrishnan. But the 'lousy school' comment I think might be made by Lawrence Wong. Can see the two of them seemingly turning to each other. I think LW's comment is more banter than anything, but VB's comments are quite vicious, not really befitting of a minister, especially as Foreign Minister he should really be trained by now to watch his words.
I think can . They said only those personalized services that require mask be taken off will be closed, like facials. Cut hair no need take off mask what as I have been getting haircuts over the last one year
I think Chan Chun Sing can code switch quite well. He speaks singlish style when presenting to local crowd. I remembered watching some youtube videos of him presenting to international crowd, quite well done. He is also one of the few Chinese ministers who can hold up conversational melayu. VB's English is way more pleasant but his character.
I think due to cost of raw ingredients in Singapore it is actually cheaper to eat out. Unless you are at bread and water levels of austerity
I think even if the money is good if you feel like shit everyday when you come to work it doesn't matter anymore
I think every generation feels this, maybe for different reasons, but the same effect. My point is that is it ALWAYS a shit time somewhere, for someone. It is NEVER the perfect time to take a risk, have a kid, get married, buy a house, there ALWAYS seems to be disaster or the end of the world around the corner.e world would die in a nuclear fire, or scientists said perhaps the next ice age was just around the corner. The 80s still had the Cold War, also wars in Afghanistan and others in the middle east. There was the moral panics like the Satanic Panics, and the genuine crazy fears around HIV or AIDs. Also massive interest rates I remember my folks having like a 20% mortgage rate! . The 90s had the brutal and horrible genocides in Yugoslavia and Rwanda. Bombings and school shootings became part of the news every few months, famous celebrities started to be revealed as child molesters or other monsters, and people were very disillusioned. Not to mention people freaking out about Y2K. My point is that is it ALWAYS a shit time somewhere, for someone. It is NEVER the perfect time to take a risk, have a kid, get married, buy a house, there ALWAYS seems to be disaster, or the end of the world around the corner. Sometimes you just need to say screw it I am going to do what makes me happy. if that is having a kid, just do it. If that is not having a kid, that is cool too. As an old guy now, I say just get on with it, assume your world is what it is, and do the best with it you can. Good Luck!
I think every school has a history of violent kids, just that very few escalate until death. When I was in CCHS in the 90s there were fights when teachers weren't around.
I think everybody has the turning point of learning how to deal with these salespeople in public. I do hope that you don't lose the $99. I hate to appear rude and I always try to be nice to everyone That's great. Please continue to do so, don't let them change who you are. Start by being polite. After all, some of them might really be doing this for a living, there's no need to purposely make their lives difficult. Just say No, thank you . Repeat the same sentence if necessary. Don't start conversation with them. Don't take anything from them. Not the paper, leaflet, free gift. Once you take, you might feel obligated to stop and listen. Don't. There are some that are more aggressive. They get in front of you to block you. You move left, they block. You move right, they block. Don't push them obviously D , just stop, stare and don't speak a single word. Don't smile. They are rude. You don't need to be nice anymore.
i think everyone is so frustrated with the karaoke lounge visitors in particular because they were doing things that were illegal and selfish gathering in big groups with no social distancing vs the hawkers for example who were working and doing legitimate businesses
I think for cards it's just charge and pending then refund its quite normal for that to be the case. Must let charge go through first before refunds. Full and exact refund without penalty common too.
I think for this, Islam and Catholic children are already baptised as a baby so it's impossible for them to be raised as a Buddhist. Their children do not choose their religion. It is chosen for them.
I think having a kid is really an option for people who can afford to provide a good living for the child. And that's the way it should be. If you can't even properly support yourself and your partner, why bring another person along? But not wanting to have a child because the world around you seems to be going in a downward spiral is quite normal of you, but at the same time a little pessimistic. There's still a lot of good in this world for everybody to enjoy. And for a lot of parents or families, a child brings in a lot joy and excitement. However, all this talk about a high stress education system and your child not going to having a childhood is just rubbish. You have direct control over the childhood your child will have. If you have the means to support them not just financially but also emotionally, they'll have a fantastic childhood.
i think he is waiting for the referee to stop him, in a mma fight, the contestants won't stop until the referee intervenes.
I think her performance in this olympics is amazing! Thanks mengyu for making Singapore proud in the world stage!
I think his point about summer jobs was that you can't be working part time and take up a time consuming CCA simultaneously, so an opportunity cost is incurred
I think humanity as a whole really needs to stop heeding or catering to fascist dictators threatening our peace and livelihood. How are we as a species can even hope to evolve or even travel to the stars and beyond when dipshits keep thinking of the past empires that don't exist in the modern era.
I think i will go during hari raya haji instead. This one no hope for me already.
I think I've used their app and booked flat fee rides that costs me lesser than street hail.
I think if there is any country in the world where antinatalism can actually become mainstream, it's Singapore. I mean our birth rate is already so low
I think if they ever get caught, they will only be moved to a location that is suitable for them. They won't dare to mess with otters.
I think if you have smart planning in the wedding area it could be positive in the other economical areas too.
I think in Singapore suicide by police must be quite difficult. Unless you equip your whole body with saw blades so you need multiple shots to be disarmed
I think India has nuclear weapons Yes they do. So does Pakistan. It was part of an arms race for the two of them, I think.
I think it also has to do with no one wanting to embarrass themselves if they mess up the help, at least that's what happens to me.
I think it is possible, and it's an important distinction. The worst thing we can do is end up becoming a politically correct dystopia, where everyone has to fear for what they say or get unjustly cancelled somehow.
I think it wasn't strong enough to wake me up from my extra long snooze in Bukit Timah
I think it works for me. When I received the apartment it was very clean. The cleaning company is appointed by the building landlord though . And when I left. I just paid the cleaning company. And got my deposit back in a couple days.
I think it would be better to ban the no indians and change it to insert something here preferable
I think it's a bit tenuous to use the public or private nature of the business as a means to decide whether up-front discrimination should be allowable. It's still a business transaction, that should at least have a fair and level starting point, especially with regard to issues that affect social cohesion. Basically, my view is, if you want to be racist, you should have to put in the extra effort. We can't force people not to be racist, but, to me at least, requirements such as what I suggested will nudge people towards being more accepting.
I think it's a poor choice to continue focusing on the need to protect unvaccinated elders - I don't think there's much sympathy anymore for that age group. For the old people, Ong Ye Kung said that there are 200,000 unvaccinated people 60yrs old. And he claims Almost every one of them, if infected, will end up in hospital And MOH's projection is that 10-15% 2-3k will need intensive care unit. Well I think these people should be at the back of the queue for available intensive care unit beds, priority should go to the people who can't be vaccinated including the younger people who haven't had the opportunity to get the shots earlier . Couple of other points I'd support in any online petition 1. Transfer NDP funds to support f&b and other businesses affected. And just cancel NDP 2. Update the Healthhub app to register if a doctor has advised you to not use an mRNA vaccine. Then treat all vaccinated and exempt people differently from those who are unvaccinated-by-choice edit to include Cancel NDP petition
I think it's because we millennials actually CARE about our children instead of what they can do for us.
I think it's because you don't see this shot quite often. It's very sharp also and there's no obstruction visible but that skyline. Just curious what camera did you use on this?
I think it's between suntec city tower? they really like to use suntec city for some reason
I think it's great that Dr Lam have done a great job, but Seng Kang has a real chance for a credible opposition to win without losing an anchor minister. WP is more than capable to maintain a town council so that should not be an issue. We really cannot give People's Action Party a 2 or 3 majority anymore even though they have done well. But the way they implement certain policies is very worrying in a long run, as well as a sign of declining performance. They biggest issue is now they shifted the goalpost for the Presidential Election and even used race as the key reasoning just to block TCB from running. I think we need more people in the parliament to have more constructive debates and point out wrong doings, rather than just people who might do well on a town council level, but have no stand in the parliment when it matters. Good competition breeds better results.
I think it's just because all of his university life and working life has been outside Singapore, I'm surprised he doesn't sound more American actually.
I think it's naive to think that the undercurrent of anti Indian rhetoric has nothing to do with the level of vitriol out there at the moment. But banning flights from India should have been done earlier.
I think it's not right to blame meritocracy for such attitudes. No matter what kind of society they live in, ignorant assholes with no morals will always be ignorant assholes with no morals. They're just screwed up.
I think it's not tied to a sole religion, as even Christianity has these extremely religious missionaries who try to spread their faith aggressively. My personal experience would be having megachurch-goers come up to me asking if I go to church, and then quickly shooting whatever church down saying it's practicing false faith and it's setting me up to the road to hell and whatever. My advice just tell them you don't care if you're nice enough to be polite you can rephrase it or you're not interested. Or if you had enough of them over the years like me you could just tell them you're a Satanist and eat babies and to leave you alone now.
I think it's sarin, mustard gas etc that we exported . Doesn't sound the same as Playstations to be honest.
I think it's the camera man who says 'polymer'. Though a lot of village folks move to cities for work, so would pick up some vocab there. And H&M apparel, - that's on point. These guys do seem to be 'trained' to be on camera, though - they're the regular cast of this show.
I think it's worth noting that renting isn't necessarily a waste of money even if you have enough to buy a house - I stayed in rented houses quite a lot growing up because my parents wanted the spare cash to invest can even buy property that's a good investment but not a house you want to stay in . If you're young and single you don't have to worry about moving your entire family around every few years, and renting means you're not tied down to one property that comes with a lot of legal limitations.
I think its best to nurture a trusting, non-judgy relationship with your niece and when she's interested or curious, she'll come to you for answers.
I think its fair to say at this point Russia underestimated him and Ukraine - military experts including US intelligence predicted the assault on Kyiv to go a lot quicker than this. Will vs. Resources, even if they do take the country, they don't have a hope in hell in holding it.
I think its normal with the asian mindset of the previous gen. Its wrong but that mindset probably came from the way they lived back then, lets just hope we can break the cycle when we become parents
I think Lee Hsien Loong won't be delusional enough to keep pressing for a NATO membership after having been rejected multiple times by NATO for more than a decade. I think he would've figured out which side the west actually stands with Germany and USA are the largest investors in Russia since Crimea was annexed . I also don't believe any Singaporean government officials could Ban Singaporean men of 18 and older from leaving the country to fight their wars like Zelanskyy did.
I think many folks have forgotten about just how scandalous Spectrum is. The fact that we have the ISA being shielded from scrutiny of the courts and the existence of the Maintenance of Religious Harmony Act is directly due to Spectrum. Another big scandal forgotten with the passage of time is the Town Council Lehman Brothers minibonds scandal. The kinds of financial rubbish Town Councils were doing.
I think marriage and kids are optional too but most people would like kids as they feel it is fulfilling in a way of sorts.
I think more than having perspective, it's about taking personal ownership of your situation and making the most of it. The road I described is what most people aim for because it provides the most security, and we have an entire system that gears us towards walking that path, but nothing is holding you or I back from taking the alternative route. people like whoever wrote the post OP shared spend their time looking for everything else to blame but never look at themselves.
I think must at least give them a fair salary la. If I'm not wrong even the part time nurses hired during the initial covid phase were paid higher than the full time nurses? Dam poor thing sia the full timers.
I think not just in Singapore. but I think globally we should just cut down on population growth rates. If you wanna raise a child there are so many kids out there who could actually use some help, whether through directly adopting them which is a bit more onerous in Singapore or just financial help
I think once we have easily accessible antiviral pills, we'll likely be able to just say goodbye to covid, and say hi to endemic. Vaccination has ran it's course in the sense that the people who are willing to take it would have already taken it by now. At this point there's really nothing we can do on the vaccination front. The next step would be to get the anti-viral pills into mainstream usage and once that is done, the spread wouldn't matter as anyone down with it can be assured of a good chance of very low impact from covid. The measures we have in place are already ineffective . I struggle to think of a single measure that is actually limiting the spread of covid. Social group sizes. Indoor masking. A heightened awareness of hygiene I know this isn't a measure but it's something good that we should really take out of this situation . They don't stop the spread to large degrees, but a combination of them does some to help with the situation. Measures aren't going to be all or nothing, they just help the situations in degrees, and even if they don't stop spread entirely doesn't mean it doesn't help reduce it. As for the statement in bold, I do like to point out Denmark's current covid numbers since their releasing of every single restriction they had. Sure as hell seems like something is working here to keep it down from those numbers, doesn't it? Singapore cases per 100,000 260.07
I think one needs to have financial literacy on this. Albeit I'm well aware of us not being able to redraw funds from cpf if urgent need how eh? Property price wise it's just outrageous to me, we spend 200k or more just on bricks. It's a whole darn cycle break the cycle! To sum it up. we die working there's no joy to life. That's how I see the average Singaporean life.
I think people are romanticising this aspect abit too much. Why should the president of an army take up arms and fight along side the soldiers? What happens if they get KIA? Who takes over? The role of the president in this case should be negotiations and actual politics to prevent the outbreak of war under any circumstances. I'm quite critical and would like to consider that if negotiations and careful planning was done, would there even be a war?
I think people need to get this straight Country leaders are individuals, but countries are not. You can't go around generalising a whole country for one person's crimes.
I think People's Action Party MPs being such a big group, you have people who are socially liberal or progressive. They see no real issues with abortion, divorce I mean the no-fault divorce bill just passed and even repeal of 377A . The issue is whether the party as a whole agrees or don't agree. I do think the People's Action Party is willing to repeal 377A if they don't lose major voter support. They have in the past 20 years, increase more social welfare spending hence the increase in taxes to cover these programs because they do realise society needs it.
I think pretty textbook scenario overall, response justified. Next day confirm inquiry why never use taser etc etc.
I think Russia could do that really quickly if they wanted. What a bunch of f ing hypocrites.
I think Russia has only sent their weaker troops in. Their professional army has not yet seen action
I think seeing Lee Hsien Loong in SBO + rifle would be an overall decrease to morale if anything. Nothing conveys we're fucked more effectively than seeing your 70 year old head of State gearing up for actual combat.
I think Singapore barely got enough wild boar to make char siew rice for one block sia
I think so far, only Singapore and SK Eagles are more advanced than USAF line aircraft. The Japanese 15Js are close after their upgrade. Oh right, the Israeli Ra'am variant too.
I think Storytel people like to start by asking if you like to read or something? I say Yes I read on the library app. You can borrow eBooks for free! Say as loud as possible so those nearby can hear. The Storytel people will end the convo with you very quickly after that and you get to help other fellow Singaporeans who might not know about the library app. !
I think that if you are recovered from covid that shows up in your TT, similar to showing that you are vaccinated. This is shown through a serology test, the same test that people who were vaxxed overseas need to take to get their TT app updated.
I think that is just a sign that the person cannot actually afford the house comfortably and have to reconsider lowering their budget. Isn't HDB loans just 10% of down payment? I think only for condos it is 25% of which 20% is payable using cpf OA . Say an average HDB that is 500k, 10% of it is just 50k, which I think is justifiable to be honest if the person wants to use their cpf OA. But for condos, say 1M, 25% of it is 250k, of which 200k can be financed with cpf OA. I definitely think that allowing people to wipe out 200k from their retirement nest egg for a house is unwise.
I think that it sucks that random people can call you out in public if they think you're 'not being Muslim' enough.
I think that there's a difference between not knowing how to approach a topic sensitively which your pregnant woman example would fall under and actively mocking and making fun of the thing that you don't understand, which is what OP is talking about. Two points which I think relevant here 1 Why are these chinese children so ignorant about other cultures? How have they reached a point in secondary or primary school where they find other races so unusual and different? And 2 Why is their first instinct to mock? What have they been told at home, by their teachers etc, that make them think its ok to make fun of someone for being different. I don't think anyone is born inherently racist. So if these children see difference and immediately make fun of it, I think it's a sign that throughout their lives someone or many someones have fed them these stereotypes. It's not like Singaporeans dont know we live in a multi-racial society -- why havent these children been told about these differences and how to handle them in a sensitive way? Why does it fall to children and minorities like OP to take the brunt of it?
I think that's a really good suggestion. if someone is dug in in their believes they will just learn to live with being unvaccinated.
I think that's confirmation bias from being on reddit because redditors are like that. They tend to hate life and people and most other things. It's a toxic mentality and a waste of your life and I can't believe I thought like that for so long.
I think that's just a couple of subreddits here and they are probably really young age I mean in SE Asian who use Reddit anyway? . Once they have their kids and family working abroad, I don't think they would say something like this. In short, don't generalize Singaporean based on what you read on Reddit. They really don't represent majority of the country.
I think the biggest reason why the People's Action Party doesn't want to mandate conscription for females is simply because. .you can piss many of them off to not vote for People's Action Party in the next election, even if those voters are on the fence between People's Action Party vs. Opposition
I think the description of the graph could be clearer. My first thought was that it was a proportion of all of the people who died from covid i.e. the denominator being total number of people who died from covid The correct one would be a proportion of people who are in age group X and vaccination status Y, who died. Could be better described as percentage of people who died from covid as a proportion of the covid positive patient from the same age group and vaccination status. I'm sure someone more eloquent can describe it clearer than me.
I think the device can be bought by the shops' owners themselves, phone can get around $100 now, only need to request the app from government maybe? I do not know how is the procedure and install it.
I think the fact that the experience you shared is an exception and what ex-Muslims experience is the norm already says enough.
I think the first part about needing money - this is not just in Singapore but most of the world. Income equality is a major, major issue and covid has exacerbated it. Europe and USA are now having issues filling job vacancies. people have decided against working so many hours to just scrape by while the companies they work for hoard cash to pay their executives generous bonuses, engage in stock buybacks and pay dividends to shareholders. Regarding the last part, Singapore working culture really is all about living to work. covid has made this even worse too
I think the govenment recently has encouraged recovering from home. The issue is that because of how self administered ART works, even if they are positive, they still have to go to a clinic to get it 'certified'. This is a mistake and lack of foresight by MMTF that causes overcrowding, getting people with covid to actually go out just to get the MC. I agree the resources used was mismanaged, but thats what happens when the those planning the policies are clueless of the real situation. Those that suffer are the healthcare workers. My main point was same as per the author, to think about the healthcare workers, before anyone complain about the measures in place.
I think the government has an interest in glossing over the actual granular reasons for the Maria Hertogh riots. Because that implicates religion, which is extremely touchy and sensitive in a way that race alone is not. It's more convenient to use the incident as a cautionry tale and motherhood statement about racial harmony.
i think the healthcare thing isnt the problem of citizens but policy makers. they dictated our behaviour and should have catered resources for the response.
I think the high attrition rate has always been blamed on the poor work life balance impossible to have a family while slogging at the hospital 100 hours or week . Covid19 has only increased the volume and intensity of workload, making the cons benefits. Not to mention, the ever increasing attractive private locum pay, quite hard to say no to. for any young professional looking to carve their way in this world. Passion can only feed the soul so much
I think the Indian death toll is more a reflection of the weakness of their healthcare system, rather than the increased morbidity of the virus. Lots of deaths seem to be related to a lack of basic medical treatment, like oxygen and ventilators. I think their death rate could had been very different if there were adequate medical facilities and supplies.
I think the no 1 threat to the existence of this place or nation is the rising sea level, its real. Climate change is real and the effort made by the developed and developing countries have been talk and talk, in order to reverse this, a very drastic action must be taken. But will China, Brazil, India, Indonesia willing to cut their carbon output and sacrifice their national growth, I highly doubt so
I think the oligarchs and the military matter more, they have the most influence. Citizens have protested against putin but its not doing anything
I think the one month restriction is because 4th of Aug will be the day when 75% of our population gets 2 doses. Since it takes 2 weeks for the vaccine to be fully effective, it is guaranteed that 75% of the population will be fully vaccinated by 18th Aug.
I think the otters are alright. There's some government agency keeping an eye on them, and if I remember correctly, someone on the Singapore reddit mentioned before that their numbers will be restricted by the amount of territory they have, so their population is controlled and won't balloon.
I think the people here are mocking the ones that can get vaccinated but chooses not to. Those are the ones that don't give a shit and only care about themselves .
I think the privatised healthcare model is the issue. It's profit margin driven and naturally will try to drive down operational cost by lowering wages and headcount. This has lead to an optimised headcount model which is kept at handling patient load surges. Also there will be a reluctance to raise wages for reasons you mentioned. Weser the same breakdown of the public transport sector. The Government needs to realise and accept public goods cannot be run under a private model. These goods should be inherently subsidised by the state for the greater good and should not be profit driven entities. This will allow us to staff and pay healthcare workers fairly.
I think the problem is exercise judgement ? Not everyone has a reasonable sense to judge a situation. Don't know whether it's our health literacy not great, or as a country we are thankfully lucky to be well enough that we don't get many situations to make these judgement calls.
I think the sad thing is the leaders in question even the senior pastors truly believe they are doing god's work. I know because I used to be from a mega church and led youths. Currently an atheist
I think the sex itself is a red herring. Gradually people want the syllabus to at least explore the existence beyond heterosexual boundaries.
I think the takeaway is that you can possibly increase or decrease estradiol in your body to alter your preferences. If E2 causes more males to become homosexual, it's entirely possible that lowering E2 makes males less homosexual which would probably be of more relevance
I think the tough competition in Singapore tends to result many parents and even the children to be narcissistic and more likely to look down on others who are not as talented as themselves. Growing up in Malaysia, my schooling days were not as stressful compared to my peers in Singapore. Eventhough I was a laidback person, I still manage to get into the field of medicine in the top university in UK. During my 4th year, I had a chance to select a hospital for my one month elective. I chose to enter cardiology and cardiothoracic surgery department in NUH because it was close to home and NUH is indeed reputable. I was grouped with 9 other Singaporean students and let me tell you, they were not entirely pleasant. Most interestingly, they loved to show off how fortunate they were in securing electives in countries like US and UK. They scoffed at me for wasting my electives by choosing Singapore and not other top hospitals like John Hopkins. Furthermore in every discussion, they always loved to argue with each other and most of the times, no consensus could be reached because everyone was so adamant of their own opinion. I was looked down by others because I did not participate in their confrontation or choose a side. I did not bother with all their usual banters and arguments but a few incidents showed me how selfish they could be. In one of the early morning, a Chinese old granny was admitted because she had an heart attack a night prior. I was grouped with another 2 girls and our task was fairly simple, we needed to take her history and present the findings in front of our lecturer at noon. The patient was sleeping soundly so I suggested we could come back later when she would be awake for breakfast. The 2 girls wanted to finish it quickly and to my utter shock, one of the girls just went to her bed, shook her shoulders and called out Auntie! Auntie! We have questions to ask you! to an elderly who just had a heart attack! The granny was jolted from her sleep and visibly confused by the sudden intrusion. I felt really bad because she looked weak and tired but she was nice enough to attend to the girls. Another problem arose when we found out she could only speak Mandarin and the girls were bananas so I had to be the one taking history. One of the girls immediate comment was Why can't they all speak English, so troublesome . I was really put off by her remarks. The granny was in a daze so sometimes she could not really answer my questions properly. Due to the fact that the girls could not understand our conversation, they got impatient when they did not get their answers. One girl was like Why you so slow, your university never taught you to take history ? and they snickered among themselves. I was actually more concerned about the granny so I did my things quickly so she could get some rest. I could always come back later when she was feeling much better. I could not understand the mentality of the 2 girls. They were going to be future doctors and to behave such way was just inexcusable. There were many similar incidents even worse but those stories would take up too much time.
I think the votes were more for having a capable opposition in parliament, not because they dislike HSK. Already have so many good ministers on People's Action Partys side in parliament, the need for some good opposition to balance it out is more than the need to have another good People's Action Party minister.
I think the way her party handled the situation especially how pritam singh faced and answered the tough questions definitely earned them more votes.
I think the worst should be jp with all their overworking stuff, Singapore compared to that shouldn't be that bad
I think their main reasons are to avoid their nap sessions being fully recorded and to only show cherry-picked portions when they feel they're at their best to the public. But this hot mic moment makes me feel comments like that are exchanged more often than we think.
i think there's a difference between staying home for their safety vs not being allowed into places though! Like i'm sure that those who are truly concerned about their health are already doing their utmost best to stay at home or avoid crowded areas, but to be told that you can't be granted access into certain areas because of medical conditions out of your control will probably bring about another bout of exasperation. i wouldn't know for sure since i'm not them, but if it were me it would feel like i'm somehow being told that it's my fault for being sick tldr i don't think they're going out, but i think it'll feel more depressing to hear that you essentially won't be able to live normally for an extended period because of reasons out of your control
I think these are the same people keeping those unprofitable food courts afloat. Must be some kind of acquired taste. Take my upvote, and my expired Kopitiam cards I even got a silver one that gave like 10 or 20 percent discount
I think these issues apply to every other religion out there, and not just Islam. However as a half malay-muslim myself, my personal observation is that some malays tend to mix cultural aspects with the religion itself. The older generation and our parent's way of teaching the religion may also involve inducing fear and shame. To recount a personal anecdote, I was once kinda slapped by a pakcik malay uncle for side-hugging and sitting side by side with my ex-gf back then in secondary school. That pakcik proceeds on berating on how its sinful and that we were disrespecting the religion in public.
I think these people need a memo for their workplace eventhough according to MOH the positive result serves as the memo source from MOH website
I think they also put the school there because the average allowance of a school child in Singapore could be $2, and a Singaporean school child is likely to have a $2 note in his or her little wallet. So I think its really cute for a child to see their world school on their note.
I think they are probably dead through, since the Russia didn't show them to counter Ukrainian propaganda. The latest report only say that they maybe alive, but is not certain.
i think they know that doing it will get arrested. They want to show how committed are they to the message and rather get arrested than not getting their message across.
I think they might be pretty strict on their discharge laws also to reduce trigger happy policing. Not only that, even losing a bullet can be cause for an investigation if im not wrong.and the officer in charge can be punished.
I think this also goes to show that WP is in a class of its own compared to the other opposition parties. WP- reasonable, respectable, honourable PSP- a bunch of tired old men trying to play catch up SDP- stoops so low to peddle lies and falsehoods Vote Jamus into Parliament!
I think this is a very valid point. Often see people eating or drinking around the booths they just bought their food from.
I think this is correct. Obviously the court is dodging the question, but properly it is a parliamentary question. If we rely on the courts to deal with political questions we will have a nakedly political court - see the US Supreme Court.
I think this is the first case of a murderer being a minor in Singapore? I wonder what will his charge be like.
i think this particular one blew up because it shows the other countries' lofi girl as well
i think this refers to deaths due to covid 19 and not deaths because of vaccine
I think today I am going to take off my pragmatic hat. Both Russia and Ukraine have conscription. Both for one year. And yet we are looking at very different results. Russia's army has performed poorly despite its numbers and technical advantages. While Ukraine's conscript army has enormously over performed. I think the question is more along the lines of how exactly can we ensure that our conscripts perform like Ukraine's and not like Russia's? I think a lot of that answer can be found in the competing ideologies that govern these two countries. The former is a newly formed democracy that freed itself from a Russian backed dictator. The latter is an autocratic one party state. On the surface this might seem like a military question that can be answered interms of tactics and military technology, but there is more to is. It goes something like this Ukraine has overcome these advantages through deep knowledge of the local terrain, clever tactics and strategic use of what limited advanced weapons they have.--like the TB2 Drone and the Javelin ATGM. Achieving this requires a strong cardre of junior NCOs that are trained realistically to the point that they have a deep knowledge about how their powerful complex modern weapons works and then entrusted to make independent decisions. With modern weapons, a single section with a Javelin missile launcher can save an entire town by blowing up the lead elements of an armored push and trapping them behind the wreckage like we are seeing outside towns and cities all across Ukraine. A small group of lowly soldiers from regular, non-elite units have the power to do things that have vast national level consequences.--And this is where questions of ethos emerge. When push comes to shove, is the SAF really able to fight like this? Or even grasp the significance of this. Or would it run from this reality and cling to a world everything can still be contemptuous of theinititative of the lowly soldier, micromanaged and hyper bureaucratic like Russia? Autocratic countries often share similar modes of thinking. I don't think that an organizational culture and its body of knowledge can change so fast. When I was serving NS, everyone told me that 'in war all this bureaucracy will disappear so shut up '. Or that in the event of war, this secret wonder weapon would emerge from Lee Kuan Yew's ass to save us that apparently would perform well and be reliable even though no one has any training to use it or operate it so shut up about any obvious shortcomings . Both of these attitudes also seem deeply engrained in the Russian military outsider looking in . Gee I wonder where their Arena active protection systems, laser soft kill systems and other secret alien space ship wonder weapons I saw them parading around on Russia Today? Sure would come in useful now that the several thousand Russian soldiers are dead. I think one lesson from this is that, if you are an fulltime national serviceman complaining about the state of your equipment right now, in the event of war, giving you better stuff especially if that 'better stuff' involves something completely new because what you is completely and obviously unsuitable is unlikely to happen. Then there is the question of morale and that will to sacrifice and fight fanatically against an invader. The Ukrainians have it. Where does this come from? I think it comes from the idea that they genuinely have a stake in this nation and that they are fighting for their freedom. There are a lot of intangibles at play here. In the case of our 'freedom' and other intangibles, what is there here for the average Singaporean? The reason why people fight boils down to intangibles. If you are young man, no amount of money can replace your life. No amount of money can replace your body in the event it is ruined. No amount of high HDI will will supply a reason for people to sacrifice these things to protect the nation. Does Singapore provide those intangibles? Does serving Singapore serve that higher human purpose that transcends your body and your life? Will dying or getting maimed defending Singapore keep your society free? Preserve an ideal? Protect our rights? Serve justice? Will people even remember you and what you did for us long after you are gone? The last one is important. Nations are ultimately built on stories. Each passing day adds more stories that Ukrainians will tell not only in the dark days ahead, but in the decades and generations to come. The president who refused to flee the capital, telling the US that he needs ammunition, not a ride the soldiers from Snake Island who told a Russian warship to go fuck yourself the civilians who tried to stop Russian tanks by sitting in their path. This is the stuff nations are built from. In the long run, these stories count for more than the number of national serviceman. paraphrasing Yuval Hariri . Ukraine can be a screwed up country after the war with intractable problems, but all these heroes and their stories will not just be remembered but be part of what is distinctively Ukrainian. In Singapore, we barely remember stories of any of our founders from a generation back outside Lee Kuan Yew.--and our culture barely even remembers any specifics about what he did, partly because it often clumsily coloured by obvious propaganda. Given Singapore's authoritarianism, it is very likely that your story of your sacrifice is going to get rojaked into some vague narrative about how 'good governance' saved Singapore. We will choose the 'system affirming' narrative over the 'singaporean affirming' narrative 10 times out of 10. If you are just another warm body to the system, what is to stop people from seeing an invader as just another system? And if we are supposed to endlessly sacrifice individual rights, equality and freedoms and other intangibles for the sake of 'harmony' and 'prosperity', maybe there would be a hell of a lot less devastation and far less loss of that all important money and property if we just let the invader take over? Why fight to defend something that is essentially not yours? If might makes right in our internal politics, why should that not be the case externally? Our MFA correctly recognizes that the principles that Putin uses to justify the invasion of Ukraine to be an existential threat to Singapore and that these ideas cannot be allowed to stand in the international community. We are sufficiently motivated by the danger of these ideas that we are leading the charge to sanction Russia.--and bravo to that! And yet ideas that are similarly fatal to our national defense are basically everywhere in how Singapore in governed. I think we should not so easily brush off freedom, democracy and individual rights. A nation is ultimately built on stories. We need to be free to find our own and tell them. We need a culture less centered on our government and more centered on us. We need to re-discover the distinctively Singaporean.
I think ur missing my point. My main point here is the infringement of sovereignty. Of which Al-Qaeda and Russia have clearly done, while Iraq arguably hadnt. As for FTAs, how consequential have those that you mentioned been compared to the US one? And of course im lumping here, this is reddit, not a foreign policy or history paper, its not the avenue to list out and explain the nuances of the War on Terror, Iraq, Afghanistan, Al-Qaeda, the Taliban, ISIS etc.
I think we can rest assured there won't be any audience, due to covid regulations towards mass gatherings.
I think we got better chance if we just pay them to surrender. Like have you seen the Russian conscript pay? It is $20 USD for a month. Walao eh I think my allowance is a joke, but theirs is a fucking comedy special. Here is $30k, sent to your bank account, you just need to surrender and we sent you back home without your weapon and tanks.
I think we just selectively secular some things say secular other things not counted. Pick and choose, doesn't seem like it's enforced anyway.
I think we need to see this problem of apathetic medical students scrambling to see cases more objectively. I had a friend recently who came in for a problem who was seen in one of the teaching hospitals like NUH. She was a really interesting case as well to medical students because apparently to the doctors it was a classic case not very sure what that means . And honestly she was also a bit unhappy that everyone was coming to her every few hours and it was frustrating because everytime I visited her there were medical students around. And I guess it was only when one of our friends who is a medical student came by to see her did I understand how important this was for them. Apparently it isn't easy understanding a disease because they present in different ways. The medical students really need to gain experience per se to get a disease. Like she said for my friend, it could present with her pee-ing a lot or her getting an infection, and as medical students they needed to see the myriad of cases so that the next time I see a disease like this, no matter how it presents, they will be able to catch it and treat it appropriately. She also said it wasn't easy for them. They were quite paiseh about seeing patients at first and waking them up but everytime they don't wake the patient up their senior doctors tell them they have just wasted an opportunity to learn something new. So they have learned to be more thick-skinned in approaching patients. And then there is the other spectrum. The people who are unhappy that doctors cannot diagnose their problem. So they go doctor hopping and spend excessively doctor by doctor. And by the time they reach the last doctor, they got something much worse than what they get at the start. So you see. which would you prefer? Someone disturbing you every 1 or 2 hour to talk to you to save the many, or you seeing many doctors because these doctors cant diagnose you. honestly its quite tough la. But I would say its a personal choice rather than a public problem. Cannot force people to be uncomfortable for the greater good and cannot blame people for not doing their job when their job entails being like god and fixing a human right?
I think we should be doing this analysis by city, instead of by country. Singapore is almost 100% urbanised. While even with it's tens of millions of people living in cities like Tokyo, Japan has even more people living in its countrysides. Of course, I'm assuming that's some relationship between urban living and sleep hours.
I think we should start at the bottom first, will your colonels, generals, ministers, mayors even fight alongside you? Actually very hard to compare.the ukraine president worked his way up from being a comedian. Did any of our leaders , paper generals, ministers not opposition does that? No.
I think we're the only port in South East Asia that allows the US and China too I think? to dock. Nope. Vietnam of all people allows it too. It's mostly symbolic and no real servicing or repairs that are made, but technically, Singapore is not unique for this. A quarter of the world's trade comes through this area And? If someone is showering Singapore with rocket artillery, I don't think they will waste valuable anti-ship missiles hitting random merchant ships at sea. Singapore has proven itself to be much less corruptible and much more capable administratively than the countries which are the most likely to attack us. Yes and no. Administratively or tactically, the US Army has no peer. It also has not win all that many wars recently. Their generals suck They didn't pacify Vietnam, Iraq, or Afghanistan or even negotiated a half-way winning outcome. The Russian Army is pretty corrupted and terrible in so many ways, but they pacified Chechnya, rescued their friends in Syria from total collapse, managed four successful gambles in Abkhazia, South Ossetia, Georgia, and Belarus. Ukraine may or may not be a miscalculation. It may succeed or fail though certainly very bloody.
I think wedding is a test. If a girl refuses to marry you because you can't afford a wedding, that's a red flag.
I think what is particularly stunning was not the low number of cases per day but rather the way these cases were detected. Some of these cases were first negative on PCR only to be positive later. This may just mean that the traditional assumption of quarantine plus PCR test does not go work for a country that is so densely populated.
I think what Vivian forgot to mention is that under attack and the threat of death the prime minister himself n indeed his cabinet must actually stay in Singapore to rally the people and raise the morale. It is amazing what that can do. Maybe it was so obvious that he forgot to mention it.
I think what's amazing is that you can see him looking at the other speakers and feeding off their responses. I think you can heard CSJ grunt in approval at one point.
I think where the whole thing falls apart is the use of sexuality and not sex ed. Sexuality goes beyond sex. And yes, teaching responsibility and safety in non-hetero sex should absolutely be a topic, but teaching that there are sexualities beyond being hetero and homo needs to be taught first. I can't imagine how many people grew up thinking there was something wrong with them because of Singapore's black and white thinking of there's only gay and straight and one is BAD . We don't even dare bring up bisexuality, asexuality, and beyond. It's not wrong and it's actually important to teach the importance of safe and responsible sex, but sexuality is not just about sex. It's misleading for Singapore to label it as the same thing. edit fixed typos
I think where you're right is insofar that I don't really think that cpf should be used for home purchases and the like. Aggressively encouraging home ownership of what is essentially a lease is misguided and using cpf for such is just inefficient, leading to the scenario you describe. But to admit this would require the admission that a HDB is not an investment in your retirement- just a home. Government should also remove Minimum Sum it's just immoral to make people less able to withdraw their savings due to some very nanny state concerns But we also have it very good by the grand scheme of things. The average family earns something like 8000 SGD or more per month now, which is ridiculous on a global level. That people choose to spend their money on expensive weddings and things that they shouldn't be wasting their money on isn't indicative of some grand unifying suffering on the parts of Singaporeans. Even if we don't compare to developing countries, our house prices in comparison to other major cities such as NYC, London, HK etc are really quite low as a percentage or multiple of annual salary. Yes, colonel in Singapore can be quite high, especially for childcare, and should be reformed. I personally support free universal early childhood education and I don't particularly like that a lot of our ECE institutions are tied to the People's Action Party. But beyond some of these institutional factors, we still end up the average Singaporean at least doing a lot better than most of the world. For the Singaporeans that are left behind, we have a moral duty to redistribute and help them - but that's a different issue, and again is not symptomatic of some broad Singaporean suffering of sorts.
I think with the right conditions you could easily get 50% of humans to have gay sex without needing any hormones .
I think you must be referring to Potong Pasir Secondary. St Andrew's only exist as an official name I am being sarcastic In all honesty though, as much as there were gangsters around in my level in SASS, by the time I went there in the late 00s, there wasn't any severe incidents except for the unfortunate stabbing of the RI rugger that happened circa 2011-2012 guy survived no worries . The 'gangsters' also usually were at best troublemakers and had issues with authority, there wasn't any particular violence in the school outside of the normal fights adolescent guys get into. The biggest incident was a fire that caused about 7 figures in damage in 2009 during the last day of Sept holidays, rumour has it that it was a Scouts guy in Express stream who was supposed to teach outdoor cooking but lost control of the fire somehow
I think you should travel to India, and feel pride in being Indian from your experience there. You will know the truth about India then, all the good things, and negative steriotypes won't bother you as much.
I think you're the one thinking too much , the picture clearly shows the President to be in full combat attire ready to die alongside his men. If he meant it to be whether they'll stay, he should be including a screen capture of the headline that he would stay, or any other picture really other than this one which is just misleading and trying to downplay their commitment to the nation vs the picture where he's seemingly ready to die in the trenches. Which is also an out of context picture, but then again goes to show that OP perhaps doesn't even know what he's asking.
I thought he was humorous. It was fun listening to him go on and on. I mean, you usually turn off other commentators but this one was amusing to listen. To each his own entertainment
I thought illiterate refers to being unable to read or write rather than one's ability to express themselves clearly. Wonder why Vivian didn't get into RI?
i thought it was Reactistan great channel too by the way at first glance. exact same genre of videos. thanks for adding one more channel for me to binge on.
I thought so too but then I checked the channel and the people who made it and found out they were all Pakistani
I thought that Jamus did a good job holding his own against a master debater. he enunciated well, and brought up many good points, which unfortunately, are already in place for example he said a JTC-like organization to help start-ups with overheads. it does exist already, and that's JTC. and there are other places that they can turn too as well. and as for the tax-less, spend-more direction, i'm curious how this will be possible, since as an economist he should already know that based on the budget sittings, most of the budget it planned to the T with no excess. unless the answer for the WP's schemes is to use the past reserves. Unfortunately in the end all three got wiped clean by VB's closing statement, especially Jamus, when VB stated that the WP was essentially just a People's Action Party-lite or People's Action Party-like . I don't think CSJ and VB argued a lot, but VB used just a couple of sentences to finish him off cleanly at the closing stop spreading fake news. essentially because the 10mil population was a reference by Heng, on a Urban Planning report done by Liu Thai Ker on what Singapore needs to develop towards in 2100, not anywhere near now. there have been no plans to work towards that number though, by the government. CSJ did a poor job. he lost focus, and moreover tried to create a social divide among the people who live in Bt Timah and elsewhere by using schools as an excuse, when he doesn't realize that there are top schools scattered all around Singapore. e.g. RI and CHS in Bishan, VJC in East Coast, IJ schools scattered around Singapore, and a whole lot more.
I thought that was a reference to the police, but apparently the PDRM headquarters is in Bukit Aman. I always get that confused.
I thought there are more relevant and important lessons from Russia too. 1 Singapore is the one with censured state media too, where media is controlled and censored to shape certain pro-government narratives. No press freedom leads to infantilized citizens with poor critical thinking, and can easily lose touch with reality. 2 One party in Singapore has almost unchecked powers, and has amended the constitution to install a president of choice. It is a tragedy that a single rogue leader or party is allowed to drag the entire nation through this unprovoked war.
I thought you are allowed to peacefully protest in Hongkong and Russia? Your example doesn't really support your point.
I told them nicely the first and second time not interested and if they persist the third time I tell them to fuck off loudly. No respect to those who don't give respect. They will be taken aback when I shout at them, yes I am not shy to go down to a lower level and it helps me in a lot of situations.
I took the PFA course from John's Hopkins. Definitely recommended - I took it since I've been involved with disaster relief and humanitarian aid, but honestly the intro course is as useful as doing a basic first aid program.
I totally feel you! This used to be a bigger problem for me when I was younger - I mean it's still a work in progress but I realised learning to say no its a muscle that you gotta keep using and keep practicing and it gets easier. I used to be afraid to say no and it got me into all sorts of really bad situations i.e like I resigned a toxic job and it got rejected which on hindsight was like ? That's wild dude . Start small, start saying no to situations that make you uncomfortable or crosses your boundaries or simply because you don't want to. It gets better and it gets easier and you will compromise yourself lesser!
I totally hear you. I was born in Singapore but my parents for some crazy reason decided LA was great and immigrated here when I was 4 and renounced citizenship here. After the way things have gone with multiple things I want out. I researched Singaporean citizenship and I see all of the enormous benefits while the income tax is actually lower than what I pay in the US and especially California. Totally don't get why the other person called you entitled because I know traffic. I took the 405 every single day and a drive that SHOULD take 15 minutes would take me up to one hour plus if I timed things wrong thank god my employer was slightly flex and the stress from driving around other aggressive stressed out people really took its toll on me. The commute literally got worse every year for some reason I suspect more people moving into the area I was in . As for rent it's easily 50 or even 66% of income post taxes or other things they take out and it doesn't matter where I go unless I want to commute 3 hours one way because umm traffic so I guess the person calling us entitled wants us to spend 6 hours of our lives every single workday and not see our families or spouses? Plus then we're exhausted. I had a friend who lived in OC not that much cheaper than LA these days who would call me because he was sitting in his daily 2-3 hour gridlock. Most employers weren't too keen on flex hours so there you go. One guy I knew worked in Burbank but thankfully they let him flex so he'd go in at 3am and leave by like early afternoon. That's the only way he made the same OC to LA commute. Public transport is a joke because it's virtually nonexistent though they have something now but when I was growing up a car was essential. Just taking a bus to go to the mall which was a 15 minute drive across my county in OC took hours. The average house price last I checked in Irvine was like 750k and the house I grew up in OC is now inflated to double what it was when I was a kid. A girl on youtube was showing her Singapore co-living space and she is paying 1200USD for it and it has a pool and is nice. She said she paid 1700 for just a bedroom in the bay area. It is that bad. Santa Cruz where I was last at is very expensive. I have done ingenious things by trying to live illegally in a trailer parked on property and even considered stealth vanning at one point just to save bucks. I totally get why people want tiny houses because well they can't afford things but then property code blocks us from actually living in them in most places but we do it anyways. What I did was put my head down, try to cut my rent down through ingenious methods like finding a really run down place or room, save etc. I'm now planning on leaving permanently because social security is going to go bankrupt and medicare too. And my bronze Kaiser plan is so expensive now because of Obamacare and skyrocketing healthcare costs. And as for freedom that's now a major issue but won't get into all that here. It's just insane to me how south things are going so my Singaporean birthplace is starting to look reasonable and sound even if they are strict on some things. I don't do drugs I don't even drink. I am boring and I saved money by being boring and eating in a lot. I won't get into what my plan is but my partner and I are going to use some of the interesting options Singapore offers to attract capital because it will be beneficial given the economic instability I see coming. The Fed printed trillions to stimulate the economy but the country's economic balance sheets do not look good. Who will bail the banks out this time if the Fed fails? What about the citizens? What about social security? Honestly it's not great. I'm protecting myself as best as I can and I pray for the rest of the US Citizens out there. Singapore honestly looks safe to me from here. I did a lot of research recently into the banks in Singapore and Singapore's equivalent of the Central Bank and their investments. It all looks considerably better managed and more responsible fiscally speaking to me. There's a lot of sketchy things I've learned since I've lived in the States. I had an ex in the marine core whose unit was told to transport crates from Mexico to the States and he and his friend decided to drop one hard to see if they could see what was inside. It wasn't something legal let's put it this way and years later I was told and learned about a lot of nasty things people do that are here. There's some serious corruption and this isn't conspiracy theory stuff. Makes me kind of sickened that my taxpayer money goes to this kind of nastiness. I want to go somewhere where my money actually helps people and does not hurt them. I hope the US corrects its course but I won't hold my breath.
I totally sympathise with you. As someone who runs an events company, the last 1 year plus has been mentally distressing. Even with endemic in mind, the flipping back and forth has given us no light at the end of the tunnel. I have been facing the dilema of just shutting down my years of hardwork for good. All we can do now is to keep hanging on and hope for the best.
I traveled to Ensenada, MX, while attending CSUF, because we could drink at 18. I saw a fist fight between two, one was killed after a flurry of punches. Those sounds in the video remind me of some one getting killed
I tried i took ielts, i did the skills cert thing, but Australia don't want me
I tried to reply all your points but deleted them away. Probably the comment I would leave is not to be so negative around what's happening around you, that you can't control over. And make the best out of those which you can choose, or control. If having a kid is not your cut of tea, then don't make one. Your friends and relatives might persuade you but ultimately the choice is yours. Life is full of challenges and it's not too bad for an average person.
I truly enjoyed watching his debate. He made clear arguments for his points, and looked like he really enjoyed the debate.
I truly feel sorry for people who think their lives are made up of decisions or choices of others.
I truly hope NDP turns into a superspreader event and showcases to the world this government has no fucking clue what they are doing. For those keeping track, they have changed major covid regulations 3 times in the past 2 weeks, and that's not even counting the smaller scale targeted measures that affects our fishmongers and other businesses. And yet, full steam ahead for NDP which involves multiple agencies ACROSS THE ENTIRE GOVERNMENT BODY.
I truly hope that healthcare worker don't even have 12-hour days. It's not a humane schedule. A worn-out frontliner at his or her saturation point is not a good idea, leaders.
I try to think of that as a spider toy to ease my fear, but no it's just too real. Salute to OP!
I understand being risk adverse but this is getting a little crazy. Yes there's a risk staying open and yes there are still a lot of unvaccinated seniors but are we willing to throw everything away to protect them when they've had months and months to get vaccinated?
I understand some owners had a bad experience with renting out to Indians in the past and don't want to take a chance anymore. And anyways percent wise there are not many Indians so it won't hurt their chances of renting out the house. But it would be better to write prefer Malay, Chinese, etc rather than saying no Indians if they really have a preference in mind. But that could be long list of countries so that's there. Or much better if they can include clause to prevent their past bad experience. Like you need to renovate the area if it's found in bad condition etc etc. Or if they don't want to put much effort into it and simply choose not to rent out to Indians that's also fine they can phrase it better like Sorry not renting out to Indians anymore due to our past experience Adding just a few more words can tell a different story. I'm an Indian and I would not have reported this because I believe it's not out of some ill will its just out of past bad experience. Who doesn't want to rent out their unit fast. Why will anyone exclude a community for no reason. And reporting them will only cause them problems. I would not want to enter someone's home country and trouble them. It's okay. It's not that big a deal.
I understand that elite schools exist to separate children of different levels of intelligence Mostly just to separate rich kids from the not so rich ones, in most of the world.
I understand that Ivermectin has just been adopted as the national guideline therapeutic drug for covid. Take that along with zinc. Stay safe!
I understand these feelings but from another part of the world, growing up Taiwanese among whites in America. I faced the same shame and silent resentment as a child, but growing into my teens I learned to embrace my family's culture more. people are racist. Chinese are racist, Indians are racist, Europeans and everyone is racist to an extent. There's prejudices and preferences and there is so much to be improved there. You should be proud of your people, your rich culture. You can respect and learn the Chinese culture of the majority but you do NOT have to give up your own for that. Hold your head up and be prideful of your hair, your cultural wear, your food. One does not have to suffer for the other as in you can learn mandarin and appreciate trends while still loving Indian things . My friends will be grossed out when I exclaim loving pig intestines chinese or Taiwanese dish and I will RUB IT IN THEIR FACE that to me, it is just so juicy in my mouth. I will never let anyone disrespect the things I love about my cultural identity because it is a rich, long enduring lineage of beautiful things I don't respect the bad things in it, and those are not things I stand by in my life . You're still young, and there's a lot shaping you externally. But I can say that Indian fashion is beautiful, the food is absolutely mouthwatering and I've seen similarities to East Asian cuisine that I think a lot of Chinese would also like to eat and there are really fun festivals or traditions. Instead of hiding this, be open about these with your friends. If they are good friends, they would accept it and maybe be willing to try foods or other surface parts of the culture and be educated before spouting their mouths. Good luck
I understand this point of view, but look at it this way, you know that covid is still around and thousands of people bathing together in a river is clearly a bad idea. On top of it, India infrastructure is clearly not the best in the world. What kind of reason do you possibly have staying there and only when shit hits the fan you decide that you want out. The fact that you can choose now to come over clearly meant that you could have come over anytime earlier instead. Therefore why only now? My opinion though remains that we should still allow them in, though they would have to serve a very strict quarantine possibly even longer just in case. And when the moment comes where we can no longer support. The rest will have to die, no ifs no buts no hard feelings.
I understand where you're coming from. Democracy is basically following the votes of the majority. But minorities should have a platform to be allowed to bring awareness to their issues. It's not about oppressing the majority, but giving minority groups a chance to fight for what they believe in.
I understand your analogy but honestly . It does happen in the workplace. It's very common in tech
I used to go there might still and I thought the same too esp after I saw the post . Very culty but I never donated more than $5 in my two+ years there heh.
I used to just brush off such racist remarks but as i grew older i kinda got sick of it and now i just ask anyone who makes such remarks to shut up. Its not funny anymore, people need to grow up eventually, After a certain age, you will know the real impact of your words and if you still continue to say them, sorry but your a pretty shit person
I used to study in Australia and I did experience it. Im not going to compare which is worst because this isn't the Oppression Olympics
I used to watch other kids play with this too. When I finally had one, I thought it was a boring game. Bought one recently on Shopee and realised I robbed myself of a proper childhood
I used to work near TTSH before and I don't think there's such canal. It looks like ICA building, taken across Rochor River.
I usually melt under the sun and stressful situations makes it worse so I just keep walking away. I don't stop for anyone unless it's an emergency. If you want a solid reason just say I don't pay for subscriptions because I can't afford and NLB app is free.
I vaguely considered but it's too much trouble just to go inside and post git gud get rekt noobs until they ban me
I vaguely considered but it's too much trouble just to go inside and post git gud get rekt noobs until they ban me Truth be told, I did go in to troll a bit too. But it took quite a bit of effort or time. And I'm too lazy for that now. I'd rather shitpost on reddit and karma farm feel free to downvote D
I vaguely recall the case. Should be early 2000s if its the same case we are thinking of. Do not recall the dog but do recall her being tortured alot. Sad. even today when I see missing teenager report wonder if they are with good friends or being tortured by psychos. Also found it weird that the news was hidden in the middle of ST's home section instead of being front page.
I voted for the WP last election, but sad to say, the foreign labour dependency is not going to go away even under the WP.
I voted for WP because Nicole Seah. Also thought hey maybe it'll be funny if the DPM isn't re-elected. Also also WP came to my door knock knock say hi but People's Action Party didn't. Also also also the reasons you mentioned.
I want this for my work pc wallpaper. Please. please share the HD 4k even better image.
I want to ask this genuinely, i heard that if the authorities allow for protests here in singapore, it might cause civil unrest, like riots in the US. Like it starts small with people showing banners, then slowly it goes to people fighting then to full on riots. Is this true?
I want to do a documentary that focuses on my past as a former member of that megachurch and how I was practically brainwashed and gaslighted to believe their lies.
I want to troll them but I scared I get shot by Russian sniper when I go jogging at 1am.
I wanted a small intimate wedding as well. My in-laws had other ideas. The fact we were allowed to go with a buffet instead of banquet, and dispensed with the 5 costume changes was already a compromise. people talk about why don't you just have a small wedding never take into consideration the traditional chinese mindset, or were lucky to have open minded parents. Would you want to start your marriage off with a tense relationship with your in-laws? Not to mention the difficult position your spouse would be in.
I wanted to ask you not to clam up or go off Reddit, but I realise it's selfish of me to demand that of someone who's clearly suffered. But I thought what you wrote was very important, because it's perspectives like this that people need to wake the hell up to. Despite your pain, you have been nothing but brave, reasonable and mature. I see this casual, ingrained and sometimes even institutionalised racism everywhere around me especially at work and it's disappointing that it's perpetrated by otherwise, some of the most generous people I know. It will take time, perspectives like yours and a generational shift or two to get us all to a better place but I am almost certain it will happen. Until then, here's a hug from a friend who's suffered as a minority, and who understands your plight a little better as an incidental member of the majority today. You have friends among us, and we will always do what we can to ensure you will be nothing less than true equals, too.
I was a dude from a good school in secondary school and I was doing decent and I tot I was smart, but in JC my mindset changed and my results plummeted and I appear stupid. Throughout e whole period my IQ remained e same. I was neither smarter in secondary nor dumber in JC. Thus I conclude that education is not a yardstick for intelligence, but obedience
I was also unaware of this term until recently. It's a Chinese phrase probably originating from Taiwan and which has since been translated into the English by Singaporeans. --- edit According to the Chinese Wikipedia article it originated from a 1993 Taiwanese book whose title might be translated as Office Talk . In that book, it was originally used to describe those born in 1961 and after or ROC Year 50 and after . I have never seen or heard it used in the English language by a non-Chinese writer or speaker, though the NYT has a vocabulary entry on it.
I was approached by a lady who was part of a group of people promoting Storytel at Jurong Point on my way home from NTU. They used the same exact tactic, being overly friendly with me, asking what course I was studying etc. Once I saw the screen to enter my card details, I immediately locked my phone and put it back into my pocket. She tried to guilt trip me into signing up afterwards but I insisted on not wanting to sign up. She left me alone once she knew she lost me. The whole incident struck me as being super predatory and scammy even though they were promoting a service provided by a legit company.
I was bobo during 1st time shoot during BM, even after zeroning my gun, but by the time I operationally ready date. I remember only miss out the three shots at hinge.
I was cycling past that school and wondered why the fuck are there cameras there. Thought there was a production shoot or whatever. Little did I fucking know.
I was from a mission sch and they always pass the booklets out before CNY and i always brought it with me for house visits and had to be all thick skinned and go be like thanks for the ang pao, you happen to have extra cash for a donation?
I was from a neighbourhood school as well. I just didn't bother filling the thing up, just put some spare change inside and handed it in. I had better things to do with my time, e.g. play with my friends, set things on fire, video games, etc.
I was having brunch at Tekka Centre hawker centre last Sunday next to a local millenial chinese dude intro-ing his ang moh friend to Indian food. He was mentioning how alot of these people are dormitory workers they are not and I heard him talk about Indian caste system. The only people here who ever talk about it are a Indian nationals b local chinese.
I was in a similar situation as a kid. Parents had emotional issues and took them out on me. But they still paid for my food, education etc I have come to the conclusion that my parents cared enough about me to take care of my material needs, but they lacked the emotional maturity and ability to see things from their child's perspective to avoid the toxicity and abuse.
I was in a Singapore Bride forum. You won't believe the number of girls who thinks brand quality. A few ks for a basic design silver plated ring just because it's Tiff and Co.
I was in MRT going Jurong East and i don't feel a thing as well. Maybe because i was in a train and thought the shake is the same.
I was in ptp batch so just 2 weeks shorter from obese batch yes for bmt they used the following name for batches Enhanced 2 months PTP 4 months Obese 4 months + 2 weeks
I was just addressing the comparison to under-12s. I agree that it's not a straightforward calculus and that there are significant downsides to this policy.
I was just reading the CNA comment section and my god I didn't know Singapore had that much stupid people.
I was like you when I was younger. Then I thought to myself what's the worst that could happen if I say no? Will something bad happen to me? Will I suddenly lose all my limbs? Will I suddenly grow an extra eye? Often it's just fear of the unknown and yes, while it's terrifying, the reality is often way less severe than you think. Believe us when we say it's fine to say no if you're not interested. Think of it as you doing a favour to the lady now she don't have to waste time on you and she can approach someone else who might be more interested than you
I was looking everywhere! I went through the mangrove boardwalk like five times walking like I was in an art gallery and didn't see a damned thing. The only snake I've ever seen here was a paradise tree snake at sungeh baloh one time. It was quite funny, actually I told my daughter that if she saw a snake before I did, I would give her $50 bucks to spend at kinokuniya. I was like, there's no way this small, city-born-and-bred child could find a snake before me, who grew up in the country and lived and breathed this stuff, and is an adult with a focused, methodical mind. So I'm walking along, peering intently in all the bushes and hollows etc. My daughter looks up at a sign, and there's a a goddamn snake on it! She was so excited to spot a snake she nearly yelled out, then she remembered that it meant she got $50 at kinokuniya and literally started crying tears of happiness. It was a very fun day for both of us.
I was more referring to the author Isayama's warnings against the perils of war and the suffering that comes from senseless conflict between humans, rather than Eren's motivations.
I was on a legit phone call and the kid tailed me and waited for my call to be over. I even waved her away. Fuckers really have no shame or don't know how to take a hint.
I was once coerced into donating for Singapore Heart Foundation? i think? Same tactic as you gotten into, being friendly and all that. And since it was for a donation I thought okay la. good intentions. surely they will ask for a few dollars only. I'll listen to what they have to say, just to be polite. Nb at the end they say minimum donation is 100$ or someshit. At that point I already paiseh to say no after standing there 15+ minutes listening to them talk passionately about heart cancer or whatever. I didn't have the heart pun intended to chargeback the donation since it was supposedly for charity or whatever.
I was part of a small clique where I am the only agnostic or atheist guy, and boy, there is this one girl who just wouldn't stop talking or asking me about my opinion on Christianity and why I am not part of it. We were okay friend tho, but it was so annoying for real. And in case anybody ask, no, she's not cute.
I was praising them since the endemic announcement. I couldn't believe they were adopting a sensible approach. Now they've gone and done the complete opposite. They couldn't take the heat so they stepped out the kitchen
I was really hoping stab bot had something to do with a knife. I don't know what I was hoping for
I was referring to senior officers. Was a clerk and worked with many of them. and many of them were very judgmental on the education of other officers. WOs of course are very different
I was simping for Nicole also, if HSK wasn't at East Coast, I bet she would've won also
I was subbed to an auto-donation. Giro or something. Now and then they would send me a letter of thanks or something, and I remember I'd feel good about myself thinking I'd had done good. Cancelled immediately after the scandal broke. To think I was just contributing to Durai's gold toilet taps.ugh, disgusting.
I was surprised at you saying that this was a surprising price, so I popped into 99.co briefly. Holy shit, for my condo, very similar rooms are now $300++ more expensive. what the fuck? Yes common room, I signed 3 months ago. Includes a maid once a week who cleans.
I was taking a nap, being responsible and staying at home when i got woken up by consecutive notifications from ST. Totally ruined my mood to see we're back to phase 2. Here I am playing my part and being responsible for the past year, following every rule but we're still back in this mess because a group of people weren't careful while having fun. Not to mention the taxpayers money used to pay for their quarantine and the daily payout they get. I always encourage people to jiayou and bear with it but now I think I'll feel bad telling them that. Our efforts always go down the drain.
I was talking about your original comment stating that they're disrespectful not the virus thing. Calm down
I was talking to a grab driver the other day. He used to own a small reno firm that had to close up last year cause most of his workers came from malaysia so now he drives grab instead. He'll be happy to know you think he's a 1%er
I was there when Ms Ek was the head, it wasn't that communist in that sense but I felt a great dichotomy between double and triple science people. The scrutiny was from the school, not from fellow peers.
I was thinking since our notes are made from plastic, couldn't the government use recycled plastic to manufacture the notes?
I was thinking the same thing. Doubt you'll get an answer now though. Just wait for official guide or see others test market
I was told that Vivian was quite an unlikely People's Action Party last time. But time passes and things changed.
i was totally gonna say that it was in between yck and khatib until I saw the dashboard. never thought the far west had such views.
I was watching other episodes and it saddened me when they acknowledged that they were poor. But they were still smiling and so happy. And then I realised that our possessions do not define our joy in living. In fact, they're probably richer in spirit than many of us here. Just some food for thought
I was working as a cashier in a big supermarket chain when I was 16, after O, waiting to go polytechnic it was my own personal choice to go polytechnic . I had a Mother telling off her kid you better study hard if not you will end up like her here . in front of me. I mean really? Train some EQ, IQ is going to get your kids far. but EQ is going to get them further. Ive had my fair share of my mum saying such stuff to me when I was a student. Coming from a rather competitive good primary and secondary school, I understand where she was coming from. But growing up, I also learnt that, even if one is smart, but is an ahole, there isn't much purpose in being a human being. And also parents. the position that we were and we are in, part time jobs etc. that could very well be your kid when it's their turn.
I wasn't being sarcastic, I genuinely thought this hadn't been done before. Why haven't they promoted it to the public? edit On second thought, I think I was subconsciously influenced by the FBU. I think I've heard of it before.
i went in and told them that the vaccine made my shits particularly explosive and high in magnetic materials, resulting in my projectiles being flung into the toilet bowl at speeds of 324 kph . took them quite a while to ban me. just go and have your fun man
i went in to inform i was there to watch the show with my popcorn and got banned immediately admins working hard
I went there last Sat and I saw the Pastor preaching! He was dressed v humbly but I was still a bit sus. His sermon nb though.
I went there, and thought the cashier looked like a guy I knew when I was in Russia some years back before covid . I looked closely at his face for about 10 seconds or so. He raised his eyebrows and said angrily to me What you Stalin at?
I went to google it and yeah sounds like a taser . No muzzle flash also thanks battlefield .
I went to intensive care unit sgh on Sunday very high suicide risk and all observation rooms were full, and so many beds in the corridors. I overheard another patient being told that the next bed would be available the next day in the afternoon too. I really don't understand what the government is doing with loosening measures when we obv need to further restrict edit after reading the article that cited I realise that maybe restricting further will further worsen the situation. Still, the state of how our government treats healthcare worker is sad.
I went to TT Durai office at NKF. Here is what i saw a. His office is the size of a small one bedroom apartment b. It has its own living room with sofa because. His key staff are generally beautiful women He spoke to me lying on his sofa and if i recall correctly eating a grape. Like some Roman emperor. In those days , he was untouchable. He was the darling of GCT's wife. Just to add - he asked me if NKF hired me , would i go around and have sex with all the nurses. This is because his previous guy in that role did that.
I will admit, the OG 'trilogy' was actually not bad. Or maybe because I was 10-12 when it came out.
i will always remember this one. Everytime i heard NPD this scene is the 1st time that came to mind. Good shit kid
I will chime in on the Midwest. I live in Michigan and colonel is half to 1 or 3 that of the coasts. I only make about 4k take-home but on that money alone no partner I can afford a car loans and rent a 2bd1ba in an area with good schools within 10min walking distance and hospitals within 10min driving distance. Would instantly get a mortgage if I get H-1B or a green card. I am lucky to have a relatively undemanding job. I clock about 7.5h at work on average and weekends are entirely my own. WFH is discretionary, so the lifestyle perks are pretty good aside from the slightly low pay it will improve, I'm just starting out . Don't sleep on the Midwest, life is easy out here.
I will DM you a link of the documentary if it's completed one day. people don't talk about the toxic life they had under such charismatic churches but I hope my documentary will change their perspective.
I will probably get downvoted and banned from but like parents like children. They will grow up to be like their parents and it's just a vicious cycle. No wonder Singapore is known as a afraid to lose land.
I will still very much link it to nature. Humans homo sapien as a species have existed for some 300,000 odd years. Our current way of existence in concrete claustrophobic cities has only occured for a hundred years or so, there is no way we could have naturally evolved to adapt to it yet. Furthermore in Singapore's case, we can't readily especially now travel to the countryside or great outdoors for a breather. edit Also have a look at Universe 25 experiment
I wish I could wake up that late. I wake up at 5 to leave by 6 so I can arrive at 7. My body hates me because I sleep at 12
I wish i had the coins to award u for this like seriously man what an elitist society
I wish I have your persistence. This one can frame up as family heirloom liao sia
I wish our schools can provide better financial planning education. This life story makes a turn for the worse when the protagonist gets married. Financial mistakes which can be avoided. 1. Having an out-of-budget wedding. Budget, budget, budget. 2. Taking the biggest house loan offered, instead of buying something they need. A 3-room build-to-order flat is about $200k, a 5-room build-to-order flat is $400k. That's double the price. 3. Retirement at 55. Our higher-level cognition function does not significantly decline until after 70 years old. Retiring at 55 was expected when menial jobs were the norm and our physical fitness sharply decline after 50. Having a job is one of the best ways to delay the onsets of cognitive diseases like dementia. 4. Withdraw cpf in one lump sum. Fact The guaranteed returns on cpf is the highest in the market. It is better to have it earning interests to stretch out the value over the retirement. 5. Not buying sufficient medical insurance coverage when they were younger. The longer you wait to start, the more expensive it will be.
I wish people would stop asking for the screenshot to be sent to them via PM. It really isn't the point at all.
I wish someone can help me throw because i suck at curveball, and im not even old
I wish there's less racism. I'm trying to change my partner who is what he calls 'silently racist' in that he doesn't make remarks publicly but in conversations with me. I still feel triggered even though we're both Chinese. I know it's due to his upbringing with very racist and Chinese parents and not having non-Chinese friends. It also boggles my mind how despite his overseas education he's still so close minded. I keep debunking whatever he says based on my non-Chinese friends but I'm also tired of this. I'm sorry you're going through this and hope you will find people who are more inclusive. Please don't try to change who you are because you are unique!
I wished back when I was working in a supermarket, someone told me that. I could lay the smackdown and I really like debating. But yea, the problem with the competitive nature is that the parents are pushing for it. Most of my classmates are fairly relaxed and reserved. The parents are the ones pushing them to excel, as if excelling give them validation to brag. Also, they have very little regard for strangers. This is the worst point where they absolutely treat you like garbage or ignore your presence.
I wished my sister in law, in healthcare, early during the pandemic. 12 months in, she was done. Mentally and physically, it was too much to ask of her as a human being. With healthcare in her country being humane, she had the child they planned, took maternal leave and sat out the worst parts. Her closest friends did the same. Some were lucky to work with institutions that would plan and mandate time off. Others would quit and become on-demand nurses, which given the demand, paid well and offered flexibility. Even more took an employment protected year off, visiting and staying with family. Our institutions are built for profit and efficiency, not for robustness. When something like covid comes along, something's gotta give. The way it is set up right now, that give happens to be you. It sucks to be stressed. It sucks even more to be stressed without knowing how it happened. Like hospitals are supposed to be humane and nurturing and they need to take care of staff. I'm sorry I or others don't have an answer or a cope or an out. All I can say is, healthcare all over the world is gonna take decades to psychologically recover from this. And hopefully the world comes up with systems to aid and enable that process.
I won't be expecting a person past retirement age to fight on the frontlines. A better question to ask is if the 4th gen leadership would be prepared to stand fast and fight
I won't claim to understand how you feel, because I don't think I will ever be able to but I just wanna say, you'll have haters all the time. If not for your race, people will find other ways to belittle you. It's unfair that you experience these racist actions occasionally, and its inexcusable, but you need to remember that you're awesome just the way you are. Don't go out of your way with all the skin whitening creams and bee hoon just to appease other people. people will always berate you, and the only thing you can do is to not let them affect you. Also, bee hoon sucks, don't eat it if you're like me and don't like it, I'd pick prata over bee hoon any day. Being Indian doesn't make you any less of a person. I feel like a lot of people, especially young students are just dumb and insensitive. Does this make their racist remarks okay? Hell no, but maybe their intentions weren't bad. I guess in the end it doesn't really matter what their intentions were, they were hurtful nonetheless Just to add on, not all of us are assholes, you'll meet a lot more good people in the future
I won't even consider keechiu 9.9% as alarming as the attrition that seems to be happening in the healthcare sector. The focus seems off.
I wonder if anyone can still remember, a talkshow on cna several years ago was once held and the topic was work life balance. Basically the speakers said too bad, want to get on in life and earn more money better work longer hours, and forget about work life balance. Sad to know our leaders support the notion of working us to the bone for the economy .
I wonder if it's possible to add a clause into the rental contract that bans any long lasting demage to the house including the spice issue. I'm sure some people would still complain that such a clause discriminate against certain group but I feel such clause is actually very reasonable compared to a race restriction. people cannot choose their race, so it's racist and unethical to discriminate against them base on that. Meanwhile banning spice heavy cooking are like banning pets , which at the end of the day are choices that people make and landlords should have a say in what they don't wish be brought into their homes.
I wonder if the government will do a Hand Maid's tale to solve our population woes.
I wonder if this was affected by wfh? Arguably people would thought that wfh leads to more rest, though I could also see it happening the other way. Wonder if there are stats for this.
I wonder if this will translate to higher intake of energy drinks per capita? Any ideas?
I wonder is the problem is a all of us living under extreme restrictions so these people can't even get a break and b the government won't admit that we need to move on so people are still afraid. Why are we all wearing masks of there isn't a life threatening disease circulating? Oh there isn't but the government won't tell people that because they want the control over people. Open up, let people catch covid and recover at home and let healthcare worker get a break after two years
I wonder which aspects of Equality are they thinking of? it is the common person's understanding of equality, or Equality tm as defined by the ruling class?
I wont say that Singapore is completely bad. But the ideas that the ruling party started has made life more toxic here. The future generations will face the flood when the dam breaks and leaks have already started.
I work 12 hours. Life sucks. I mean security officer, common working hours but if i get a job as a security officer that is only 8 hours, i earn lesser. Hopefully, salary goes up soon. Future seems bleak
I work for a Dutch company, my managers and NL team work like crazy when it's work but after work? Dooooowntimmmmmmeeeeee
I work in the f&b industry and the revenue fell by 90% during the last lockdown. It's absolutely terrible
I work with school counsellors FSC here . by the way your case loads and school management you guys don't have it easy. Hope you're in a greener pasture now.
I would agree that the story progression was about the same but it was still enjoyable to watch. It isnt as bad as some make it out to be.
I would also like to add, their system always give me a cab within 20 seconds of booking. While grab sometimes don't have a car even after a hour, all for about maybe 2$ difference. I work in Mandai area by the way. edit also sometimes the uncle drive fucking fast so I spend less time commuting after OT .
I would argue that it's not a real meritocracy at all. Meritocracy provides inter-generational benefits to future generations, hence exacerbating the difference in starting point. I acknowledge that the process is natural, but meritocracy will be diluted over a significantly long period of time
I would assume taking children to school doesn't count as a gathering? It would be hard to take both of my children at the same time if I can only be out in a group of 2.
I would assume where they're from maybe they can even manage to get meals for 10-20 rupees considering that they are from the villages. One bank note for 5-10 meals would definitely be massively expensive to them
I would be surprised if the law was not here to stay. Singapore has a large conservative voter base who would not like it if the law was revoked, and government probably doesn't want to deal with that.
I would be too traumatized to ever go to the toilet again. Will rather pee in the open where every one can see.
I would curse myself for my stupidity of traveling aboard when there is a pandemic going on.
I would even argue that intensive care unit numbers are meaningless especially when compared to the socioeconomic costs of further lockdowns.
I would guess it's standard SOP so that students don't talk to the media. There was once an incident in my army base, the whole base got locked down and we were instructed not to talk to reporters
I would just asked What did you just say to me? If he got the balls to repeat I would just te that prick to go help himself and tend to other customers
I would like to ask a simple question. What situation are you talking about? It is a very simple question, because I am very confused by the question asked concerning the situation. Mr Speaker Yes, I am also very confused.
I would like to extend this gesture, not only to them but to others like NSFs , security workers, drivers also. It may be a little out of date but, thank you to those for doing duty over the holidays. Lets not belittle and make jobs for one another even harder.
I would like to know how much his allowance are! If it's more than $560 or month for the first 3 months, and more than 1.2k or month for the rest of his term. I am carrying my pitch fork
I would love to see rental being normalised. Need to see higher demand and rent for my properties
I would love to see this being picked up by Straits Times so I can see some of my relatives' reactions.
I would not recommend it. Already one person is getting injured, if you step in and he turns on you, that would make two victims. If you get one punch K.O and fall backwards. there are chances of death as has happened before in other cases. In all first aid classes, the instructors always mention that the first thing to check if the situation is dangerous for yourself, because having more victims when one person tries to play the hero, is not something they want. Instead of physically restraining, using a calm voice to try and calm him and defuse the situation might work better for you if you dare to go near enough. Something like Oh, brother, he will die brother, stop brother. At the very least you have space to move away if he turns his anger on you.
i would only charge in if there are at least 8 other dudes that are willing to go in with me.no matter how strong he is, he can't stop 8 dudes all at once.
I would prefer them not to A They're so slow and old, they would hinder others in actual combat B If they die who will be in charge? And do you know how fast morale will plummet?
I would rather just get infected with covid at this rate. Fuck. Then what is vaccination for? Why are we paying the price for people who choose not to get vaccinated? Why are we suffering just because of a few assholes who cannot practice dick discipline?
i would rather not eat then.it's gonna cause indigestion if you rushed to finish your food that fast.
I would say if Lee Hsien Loong or Halimah stayed put defiantly like zelensky did they already have my respect. The opposite is the afghan president who ran the first chance he could with all the money
I would say its hard to know the average if you are surrounded by achievers. I came from a neighbourhood school and I think my friend that went to RI has a lot more opportunities and connections, but is probably not outstanding there. I got into a local university eventually, and I already feel like I am already past the average.
I would say public image should be HC is probably better than ACS academically, so not really 3, but ACS culture breeds a different kind Hwachong is academically better than ACS. It isn't a public image, its a fact.
I would take a differing stance. Precisely 82% liao can enact such measures to further increase the numbers, because the majority won't be affected and screw with the votes.
I would take it as a grocery store you don't need to enter via a mall. There are plenty of large standalone grocery stores. However I don't know if those small HDB Fairprice or HAO Marts count as large?
I would think that as they're gonna be on this show, they would dress their best
I wouldn't be surprised if we'd see his return in 5 years, just like we did Ong Ye Kung
I wouldn't even go so far as to say being wired to be LGBT is necessarily a situation where one is dealt a bad hand of genetics . There isn't inherently anything morally or ethically wrong with not being straight. This is merely a situation where being LGBT is not mainstream. Bodily autonomy should be sacrosanct. Suppose we develop technology that can alter that wiring society should have no say over whether an individual should be straight or not. More concerning should be whether we allow the individual the choice to alter their own sexuality.
I wouldn't go so far as a stain on democracy . But it is a bad look to mock oppo so openly and gossipy
I wouldn't go that far but it was some of the strongest stuff this government went and did.
I wouldn't put the blame on India it could just as well have been any other country. It's the government's fault for allowing travellers from covid-rampant countries.
I wouldn't say that it trivialised NS since Recruit Ken Chow's whole character arc was him maturing from being a spoilt brat into a man during his time in Tekong
I wouldnt expect them to fight because because'mon, theyre like 70. Unless Lee Hsien Loong is superman under that pink shirt I wont expect him to pick up a SAR21. Though what I hope they would do is stay in Singapore and help coordinate things in the backline, do some PR to boost morale etc. There are other ways people can contribute to a war effort other than directly fighting.
I'd adopt a kid and give them a better life if I had the opportunity to. Since they're already in this world why not try to make it better, one person at a time.
I'd immediately retire at 16m, if I spend 4m on a house, I'd still have 200k or year for 60 years ignoring interest, etc.
I'd kinda like to see the raw data for this. Specifically the ages involved and how that correlates. There was a time I felt I could do just fine with 4-5 hours a night. Often more on weekends. At some point I flipped a proverbial switch and started working out and almost immediately my body wouldn't let me function without nearly 8 hours a night. Then I seemingly adapted and am back to around 6-7.5 a night. I'm not sure if it's me getting older or adapting or what. But I do try really hard to make sure my kids get a LOT of sleep. Sometimes that's forcing them to bed earlier than they'd like. Sometimes it's letting them sleep until almost noon on weekends. I think my parents made me feel lazy for sleeping longer than 8 hours in my youth but I think that was the common attitude of the day? so that stuck with me. Now I'm thrilled if my tweens get 10 hours.
I'd like to say that the person stopped me as I was listening to music with headphones on, saying this product is sort of meant for people like you who listen to a lot of things . They're evolving, then know how to get you.
I'd like to thank our MMTF for the opportunity to experience the third wave and third lockdown. Special shout out to ICA and Ministry of Manpower for the visitors or pass holders hostesses who have been let in on dubious terms but since been deported. They did not have the opportunity to see the fruits of their labors. As our food supply lines are intact, you guys should stop eating your words and enjoy some dabao from time to time. Sorry the Mee Siam no Hum as seafood is stretched. Thanks again for Aggressive Testing, Agressive Ringfencing, Dishing out Complacency, Warning about Vigilance, Trace together, and other slogans that didn't apply to everyone except the locals. To the karaoke lounge patrons and operators- Keep on Keeping on! Mental and Sexual Health is important during a pandemic, especially at the expense of our vulnerable and young. Your contribution to the economy in taxes, and liquor duty has been immense. And last but not least, to the Vietbu who has done more damage than Dien Bien Phu, Khe Shan combined. You won the war without firing a shot and went home rich! And special mention to Carrie Lam because if MMTF had done what you did, we will be so sia suay. Look at your HK's case count. Shameful.
I'd point out only 40-50% of the cohort goes to university, so it really depends on if your kids want to go to university.
I'd say I'm somewhat like you. I mean, I still practice the faith, read the Quran, and go to the mosque, but internally I abhor the sort of conservative Islam so prevalent amongst Malays.
I'd say parliament is pretty representative of the views of Singaporeans. There's some against, there's some for, but ultimately those against outnumber those for Most Singaporeans are against gambling. Didn't stop them from building the casinos. Most Singaporeans were against a reserved Presidency. Didn't stop them there. Most Singaporeans are against a GST increase. That's certainly not going to stop them. Clearly the government has no issue with pushing through unfavorable policies. Then again, the parliament is representative of the views of the older generation. You'd find that the majority of the young adults in Singapore actually do support LGBT rights, so even that excuse isn't going to hold out much longer. It's just that asshole isn't designed for entry so it's an accurate analogy. Tell that to the millions of straight and LGBT individuals who enjoy anal sex without issue. How many people are able to drink with straw up their nose again? Yeah, that's why the analogy is facetious.
I'd say that conversely, it can be cheaper to book on the app during non-surge period because when you go by street hail, all the waiting done by the cab at traffic lights and at congested areas, will add up and increase your fare. As says in their comment below.
I'll be fucking honest, Singapore will rip us a new asshole just by their military strength. Even then, Singapore will has better relation with large countries and also have bigger economic sway.
I'll be honest here - I don't like the smell of the coconut oil in the hair. But will I make fun of someone because of it, or get them to stop putting it? No. It's your hair, your life, you do what you want with it. At the same time, I would appreciate if people stop complaining about my BO and ask me to wear deo. Thanks
I'll be honest, I wanted to clear my studies ASAP so I could chase my dreams of becoming an actor as soon as I could. It's just demotivating knowing I'll only be able to do so once I'm in my late 20's.
I'll be too dead to bother about them. I'm from the old school FH2000 artillery battery, and in this modern age artillery is the first one to get targeted and die rather than the infantry.
I'll buy it. But I really hate the firing and walking with LMB. I don't understand how the Tetris Glyph works too.
I'll concur here. The child truly is the one bringing the joy. It is a palpable and genuine feeling, not fleeting and illusory like one might derive off consumption. The perception is not one of burden, but a gift given to you. Like many, I put off kids to chase work and enjoy holidays, despite what my seniors explained to me about raising children. It turns out they were correct all along, and indeed perception about life and having them do change, as they gift you an untainted joy, and truly only seek your attention or company biologically they are dependent on you for survival . You will see, the cliches are corny but not untrue about joy, it's just less easily described, but more experiential. In other words, don't worry about or calculate the burdens in a cost-benefit if you alrdy have 10 kids pls birth control abit , just try it. The joy you receive cannot be bought or rented or experienced elsewhere.
I'll definitely be able to relate. While there were some benefits of me joining the mega church - stopped mixing with bad company, studied hard, made good friends. I also have to agree that the brainwashing, gaslighting and being peer pressured into giving money affected me alot. There were even days where I gave $ and skipped dinner back then. Its insane now that I think back.
I'll give our stupid government full credit instead. Whatever happens in other countries is out of our control, but what's within our control is our response to what happens in other countries and our government had to fuck it up, all in the name of eCoNoMy
I'll give you a valid argument. My wife is a GP. She has said this I Can understand fear. But I cannot condone stupidity or inconsiderate behavior. No one is asking you to go hug and kiss all the healthcare professionals hcp . My own wife is pregnant and has kicked me out of the house for this time period. No one is asking you to go deliver food to hospitals or something. However, to DENY basic services to HCPs in self interest is stupidity. Many of them are already taking measures not to infect others- but are still getting shunned. I am friends with many doctors and we have all cancelled our meetups for the forseeable future- they aren't going out. I will give you some examples of asshole singaporean behavior. Some people say HCP shouldn't take public transport. Then, I ask you, how they go to work? Not saying you purposely go and stand next to them in the MRT la. But there have been incidents of people scolding them on the MRT. You think thats ok? How about the incident above? Maybe you're the chicken rice seller and scared. You could do what OP did- put the rice at a certain place, dont need to go near him. If you think his money is infected, then why not give this guy a free meal? Just one free meal is too much to ask as a token? I have other incidents. There are patients who are suspect cases who have left my wifes clinic because they couldn't be patient enough to wait for the ambulance. Some of these people go to the market to eat, go home to their kids and families, WHEN THEY HAVE BEEN CONFIRMED as a suspect case. There was even a lady who refused to go to NCID for testing out of fear. All these people make HCPs lives more difficult. You think they aren't having a hard enough time as it is? There is a saying treat others how you would like to be treated. One day, if you or your loved one gets the virus, would you not want the HCP to treat with the minimum of prejudice? Let me tell you, HCPs are also scared. Moreso my wife because she is pregnant. They can choose not to work!- some take MC- some, take no pay leave- but they still choose to treat you. Similarly- you can be scared- but be considerate and dont be an asshole.
I'll go against the grain because I didn't think the dumplings were good, but the other dishes were delicious.
I'll just spitball that Chinese that live in America or Europe feel the sting and probably empathize with your situation. But that's not Signapore. Like China, like Russia, like too many countries, its government is very keen to sow racist fears to keep its citizens in line. The people need to be educated from the bottom up, even with pushback, because it will never happen otherwise.
I'll let you know growing up as a Korean in the United States, kids-teens-to young adult will always be racist, dumb, and downright cruel if it's easy to pick on someone different in order to feel powerful or special. It's in our dna as a species to exclude the outsider. It's hard because now as an adult you're living with those important memories and battling everyday whether it's your insecurities or downright racism. I'd say be honest with yourself and honorably vow to teach your children to act different if they happen to be in positions of power or majority.
I'll respond. Attacking from the south isn't really feasible.a sizeable landing force would be VERY visible on radar. Then its a simple matter of bombing them out of the sky. It's not like normandy where u zerg the coast. Why do you think singapore has the most advanced airforce in the region. Simple so we can scramble more and faster jets than anyone else, which means we rule our skies we literally control it now for air traffic purposes . So IF someone tries to do a souther approach, it'd be like Russia amassing east of donbass and north in belarus. They'd be seen and well any incursion into our waters wouldn't be adviseable. Now what you shld be really asking is do our generals have the balls to call the necessary action even with all this intel? I don't want to denigrate but i think many people here would be hard pressed to say confidently that we have generals who would dare to push the button first. But maybe Ukraine is the wakeup call. Our neighbours might just do the same thing. They have tried before, can check out my other comment . Our recent experiences with the johor ship incursion is somewhat annoying. But one boat does not an invasion force make. It is unlikley that the ships stationed here from the US will do anything. Most are also not really combat ships. So no i don't think anyone will come to our rescue. Singapore is pretty much in our own. I honestly think we have a better prepared reservist force than our neighbours so we'd at least be able to shoot back. Our airforce and navy are mostly professionals so thats our spear point If we have to activate the army then its a matter of defending to the last man. As a singapore guy will i do that, yep. And i hope most singaporeans esp the men will do likewise Also before anyone says anything. The lack of munitions on the part of the Ukraine army is quite telling. I think singapore us at least better stocked.
I'll try to explain concisely 1. The social contract implies that politicians represent the electorates voices and interests in shaping legislature. In return for representation, we continue to vote for and employ said politicians. 2. One way that politicians learn what matters to the electorate is by bottoms up feedback in the form of letters, MPS. where needy Singaporeans tend to air personal grievances I didn't get into university, I have no money for medical treatment etc , and ideally less needy Singaporeans speak up on social issues. The latter does not happen enough. 3. If enough people speak out on an issue, change occurs. PSLE is a good example we can debate the efficacy of change . Likewise if enough of the electorate express strong views re 377A, the treatment of trans students, we can expect near to mid term change. Note that this requires a critical density of voices, not just louder volumes from the existing voices. 4. The implication being, if there are enough voices unhappy with the way things are and the politicians do not strive for change, they will get voted out of a job. This is a simplistic view, so please read up further. I would also say currently no competent Singapore politician that I would vote for is openly supportive of LGBTQ+ rights, which leaves us needing to pick among the non commitals and try to guesstimate their actual views.
I'll try. Why the discrimination against the unvaccinated. 1. To soft force everyone including those who do no take the virus seriously to get vaccinated. So rather then enforcing a mandate, just make life difficult for the unvaccinated and everyone will fall in line. 2. If you realise, our focus now is on not overwhelming the medical system. Majority of Vaccinated people have mild symptoms and are able to recover by themselves. Unlike the unvaccinated which has a high probability of needing hospital care oxygen tanks and such . These are the two reasons I can think of. It's hard implementing policies that will benefit everyone and some like those hardcore anti-vax folks will get the shorter end of the stick.
I'm 33 years old. This elitism thing is not unique to Singapore. you find it all over the world. not condoning the behaviour but hope that makes you feel better. and people here should stop bashing singapore culture etc etc. Yes the people are rude and cold in Singapore. Again you find this true in busy, fast paced societies all over the world. Someone above mentioned that the rich or privileged look down on the poor. That is only partially true. The act of despise stems from fear. Fear that they, the rich or privileged, will one day become poor. Such fear stems from a lack of wisdom or life experience. If you can understand and look past the short comings of these people. you will find it easier to find happiness in life.
I'm a bot, bleep , bloop . Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit - A message to parents with schoolchildren, from a student. &nbsp If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads. Info or Contact or message or compose?to
I'm a bot, bleep , bloop . Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit - These clowns really makes me wonder what reality they live in. They could easily have done it at Hong Lim. -30 &nbsp If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads. Info or Contact or message or compose?to
I'm a bot, bleep , bloop . Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit - We should attempt to remember the people already dealing with this catastrophe. Link is a post about an interaction with a healthcare worker exposed to the virus. &nbsp If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads. Info or Contact or message or compose?to
I'm a dad and I was in your situation before though I'm not some superstar, it's not that competitive where I grew up . However, in these situations, I feel bad for the kid more than anger toward the parents. Good school and high scores only play a small part of your success in life when you join the workforce. By looking down on others, the parents subconsciously teach their children to value score over everything else, giving them a false sense that high score and a good school will give them everything in life. These children could have a better chance in life if only the parents knew how to appreciate effort over the result. They should show their children that even though not everyone has the same start point, the one that makes more effort will go further than those with a good start point and walk backward. The parents did a good job by being able to place their kids in a good school, but then sabotage their own effort by teaching their children the wrong view of life.
I'm a Malay. never experienced anything like this. usually people mind their own business and religion are their personal space. There are no compulsion in religion Quran 2 256
I'm a relatively old person so the question no longer applies to me, but I'll say that your existential problems are valid! I'm so shocked at HDB prices these days and it's far more stressful and problematic to be a young person in Singapore these days. Climate change affects Singapore much more because it's a tiny island and it's too much to think about. The grass may not be greener on the other side, but it's a different shade of sh t brown. When I was living in Singapore, it was exhausting to constantly being asked if you have kids or why not or when? personal life choices are everybody's business in Asia and bombarded with nuclear family propaganda. Everyone is following the same template - work hard while young, birth some kids, age in the prescribed active aging way. Here in the US, I get to see people with different lifestyles and well, it's a lot bigger. I really hated living in a HDB, and am much happier even when I was renting not-so-great places.
I'm a Singaporean who studied in UK and US. Countless times I wish I'm back in Singapore with how stable or peaceful it is. Have you ever heard gunshots in the middle of the night outside your home and you are scared to death, can't sleep till morning? That's what happened to me when I was a student in Connecticut. A lot of my friends in UK lockdown returned immediately upon hearing of covid because UK is crap at handling it. has a perfectly valid argument because a lot of people forget how privileged it is to be Singaporean.
I'm a teacher in the US. I spent some time living and teaching in Malaysia and visited Singapore a few years ago. What I can tell you is that kids everywhere are mean. Everyone, everywhere across all ages and countries can tell you times they were picked on, made fun of, or made to feel like the other . If they tell you otherwise, they were probably the bully but I guarantee they were bullied at some point, too. Part of being an adolescent is jockeying for social position, finding out who your friends are, establishing your identity. It's not a pretty process Especially when you're young and everyone is subject to peer pressure. Is racism okay? Never! I am just pointing out that kids are ignorant in many cases and just trying to fit in. Don't be afraid to stand up for yourself and tell them exactly how what they said is racist and how it made you feel. If they are really your friends, they will learn from if and respect your feelings. If not , move on. You don't want people like that in your life. I am sorry for your painful experiences. How can you grow from them? What has it taught you about yourself?
I'm a Y4 student in RV. Please do not speculate and spread rumours on this incident, all of us are deeply shaken by this incident, and not just this but also a suicide case that just happened a month ago. Its especially even more terrifying and shocking that the student was quite a friendly and kind CCA-mate and batch-mate, having known him for 4 years though I am not very close to him. I am not going to provide any more details than that . NONE of us who knew him would have expected him to carry out such a grievous act. So please do not spread rumours about him.
I'm about a decade older than you. Looking at kids like you gives me hope for the future.
I'm actly surprised that the same residency requirement found in the MY- Singapore PCA doesn't apply to all LTP holders here. No wonder we're cleaning their shit now.
I'm also quite neutral on this topic though there's always very heated arguments. a female friend recently bought her own property and she will only consider renting to other single females. to be honest I don't find it wrong since she's gonna be living with this person.
I'm always in awe when people bring up the caste system when discussing race. How much do people in Singapore actually know about the caste system? It seems to always be brought up in this very repetitive limited sense of 'high castes', 'low castes' and 'untouchables'.
I'm an agnostic Malay. So hard to be myself . Still sit in Recitals Yasin and Tahlils and even lead prayers because I have yet to be open about me leaving the faith to my family I feel you about being silenced. Funny thing, speaking up not accepting the religion or the mainstream conservative version of it - will leave us being labelled as islamophobic.
I'm an American and this is very relatable. To me it's as if all the elites of the world decided to say fuck it in 2020 and have decided they don't care as long as they stay on top.
I'm an Indian born and raised in Singapore, but my dad side is from India and its really really bad. a few of my family members succumbed to their deaths due to covid and its getting worse. This is in no way racism its just a guy looking put for the well being of our country. The government really needs to stop people from India to come back to Singapore. Obviously this does not include our own citizens Just quarantine them for a longer period It may be a fucked up thing to say but it's for the greater good. And we can't risk our economy going into turmoil over something that could've been stopped.
i'm as leftist as they come and apart from your first statement about gender roles which i would change to sex is immutable, and you cannot identify out of your sex. sex-based differences are also immutable . and before you come at me about intersex people, almost all of whom refuse to be co-opted to be part of this movement, intersex people are the exception not the norm i completely agree with this entire statement. thank you for speaking out against everyone else here, who seems to think being pro-trans rights is the good thing to do now. i don't fault them at all - mainstream liberal media in other countries have hopped on the bandwagon to aggressively promote trans rights and we all know the power of media to shape thoughts. but i don't think many have taken a step back to critically think about the implications of such a movement, especially on sex-based and minor's rights. call me transphobic if you want, but i really don't think minors should be able to consent to life-altering procedures when their minds are yet to be fully developed. especially since puberty blockers have really detrimental effects on organ function and bone density, regardless of whether you continue with HRT or not. and the slippery slope of deeming it appropriate for minors to consent to things in general, i don't think i need to articulate what exactly, is concerning to me at least. Bone density One study has shown some impact on bone density, but the impact that this is likely to have on long-term risk of fracture is unknown. A study of 34 22 year olds who had undergone puberty suppression found a significant decrease in bone mass density in transwomen Klink et al 2014 D. Klink, M. Caris, A. Heijboer, M. van Trotsenburg, J. Rotteveel Bone mass in young adulthood following gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog treatment and cross-sex hormone treatment in adolescents with gender dysphoria J Clin Endocrinol Metab, 100 2015 , pp. E270-E275, 10.1210 or jc.2014-2439 eta thanks for the gold. appreciate it. i am not here to argue or to be bigoted or whatever shitlibs may call me. i'm really just here to raise awareness on what this trend is obfuscating and maybe, slowly change one or two minds or even just plant some seeds of doubt, so next time people will think twice before blindly supporting transitioning for minors.
I'm asking because there seems to be a large influx of react channels again, whether tribal or not
I'm assuming the fact that the thing is so big is exactly why it wouldn't be able the get to the other side of the web where OP is fast enough to turn him into Spider-Man edit okay nvm you definitely have balls of steel.
I'm Chinese Malaysian too and yea I agree it does happen alot here, but I live in a more city area so these casual racism scenarios are rarer where social media and stuff are more prevalent. But I live with my grandparents and visit my other grandparents in kampung so I know what goes on in those places, i.e. whenever a felon goes on the news, the first question is always, that one Malay or Indian , and if it is, they'll be like Yala, they deserve it . When I was in form 1 I started playing sports alot and I remember my grandmother said don't hang around with the Malay or Indian boys too much, they'll influence you to do bad things but obviously I knew better and didn't listen, in fact my best friends rn are Indians not that that was the reason they're my friends And for children in primary school and stuff, as I get older I realise children are only as racist as their parents are, because for the first 3-4 years of their life, the parents are the only source of knowledge for children, and obv children are not born racist.
I'm clapping for these young people today. They're standing up for what is right and demonstrating profiles of courage.
I'm completely with you on this. I'm dark skinned and my features are not Chinese. Plus I speak English without much of the Chinese Singaporean accent, and most of the time I'm recognized as anyone in South East Asia except Singaporean. I didn't grow out of it though, still not pure Chinese looking, still getting told you speak Chinese so well at every single food court. I learnt how to speak with more of a mainland Chinese tone, just so that I mess with what they think language can be applied into. The hardest part is the privilege. We get some sort of relief from it, but our friends don't. And that really sucks so much.
I'm curious about the differences. I went to high school in the Netherlands and days usually were from 8 00 to 15 00-16 00-ish. I always thought that was dumb and it would make much more sense to go from 9 00 to 16 00-17 00.
I'm curious then how the fuck did UN get involved in the korean war? this feels kinda similar to be honest
I'm curious to see how decisions like these will play out once the general election cycle comes about again. Even my older vaccinated relatives who are hardline People's Action Party supporters have begun expressing extreme frustration at the whole situation's handling.
I'm disappointed WP isn't contesting in my GRC and the opposition here is fucking weak
I'm disappointed, angry and sad. My heart aches for the f&b folks. My anger is directed at the authorities for not checking on these karaoke lounge outlets that flouted the rules for God knows how long. I've stopped making plans with friends because every time I looked forward to something, it gets cancelled. I've not seen some of my close friends in over a year. I hoped that my small sacrifices would help my community. It's days like today that makes everything ''. Sorry for the vent guys.
I'm don't think government is cool with people extending their unit's lease beyond 99 years. If its up, it will be taken back and there are already instances you can Google of this happening see Geylang Lorong 3 .
I'm Dutch, 5 hours is baffling to me I show up at work around 9am, so wake up at 8. I usually go to bed around 11 or 12pm. Love your country though, visited twice. No not just layover
I'm emberrassed to say that I also can have the attitude that some of the parents have in this story. Don't get me wrong, I'm only 16, but coming from an elite or good school, the mentality of these arrogant aholes really do make an impression. I've never been particularly smart, so I've always had to work really hard to maintain my above average intellect , so when I was accepted into my current school, well, it's an understatement to say I was ecstatic. But to then enroll, only to find out some of the other rich kid students got in only because the parents knew some staff? I was, and still am pissed. And now I've spent so much time with these people that the way they talk about commoners have begun infecting my speech during talks. I am already losing previously good friends due to this and will probably lose them for good if I do not manage to get rid of this terrible speech habit, so it sickens me to then find out these parents then go on to brag about their sucsesful kids to others. The worst part is, I live in one of the most fair and equal countries there are, but even here there exists elitists . The world really do be like that sometimes
I'm ethnically Indian and I've wanted them banned since January. It's the annoying 14 year old woke teenagers who learn their moral policing from tiktok that label it as xenophobia.
I'm fine personally with this because my whole fam is vaccinated already, but, I'm kinda concerned because there are those with autoimmune diseases or other illnesses that may not allow them to vaccinate. Hope they have family members to help takeaway or buy stuff, because otherwise, this is gonna be a difficult arrangement for them.
I'm frankly appalled by the amount of people dismissing casual racist jokes as unimportant. Does the fact that something racist is said as a joke make it less racist or hurtful? Will the victim feel less disrespected? This feels a lot like people being completely tonedeaf and generally incapable of empathizing with racial minorities. A racist joke is still racist.
I'm frankly quite unconcerned with lesbian sex itself because the research on it is pretty scarce. It's gross, but I'm not aware of any life-threatening damage from it. The relationships themselves have extremely high rates of abuse and the women involved in them have significantly higher rates of drug addiction, depression, and suicide, so do with that as you will.
I'm from bendemeer secondary . Ours usually have so many that they make stand till 815AM then let us off. We had detention before but just to many.
I'm from India and have been working here for the past 1.5 years. unfortunately moved to a new country at the wrong time. I can travel back home only at the cost of my Job. I miss home and wanted to travel back to India. I can't blame the government for banning travellers from India. The freedom of movement within singapore came only because of the strict measures that were taken. And whoever is asking for a full ban is no racist as they understands the pain Singaporeans went through to get to the hard earned phase 3. Remember, It only took a single virus.
I'm from India and rn in India, unfortunately. And I agree that not only Singapore but all countries should ban travel from India.
I'm fully vaccinated and I do agree with the dine-in ban for the unvaccinated. The reason for dine-in ban is because they will be maskless. Air droplets will be everywhere. The purpose is to protect them since they are at higher risk of severe infection if they get infected. It's reasonable. However, there's really no logic behind the ban to enter shopping malls. They are not in a maskless setting. Shopping malls are also not the main reason how unvaccinated gets infected. The unvaccinated can easily get infected in their own homes through their assymptomatic families. There are dozens of other settings where they may be maskless besides dining in, but not banned. e.g sports and exercise The reason to protect them cannot be used for this ban. Therefore, it is a policy made to discriminate and push further blames onto the unvaccinated. Their intention is clear on this one.
I'm glad that despite all our vaccination efforts, the government is still unwilling to open up. This is despite the West already opening up fully, and not suffering any side effects. Truly, Singapore has such an amazing government that promises to open up then chickens out when cases inevitably spike, like everyone said they would. Lets not forget how the government is still trying to use the karaoke lounge cluster as a scapegoat even though the main spread right now is coming from the fish markets.
I'm glad this makes everyone sick. It's truly awful. 10-12 elbows to the back of the head, full throttle knees to the temple on a downed person, curb stomps to the ribs. Frankly I don't care what this victim did. You could barge in on the man eating his own kid and he wouldn't deserve this because it would be no less humane. Rant aside, people, if someone falls or puts their hands up, you've won. Stop.
I'm glad we have time to adjust at work. Hated the previous practice of these evening announcements that took effect immediately. Now I can chill and sort it tomorrow.
I'm going to go ahead and say that realistically and practicality it is not only unwise but borderline a burden to bring a life into Singapore for 50% of Singaporeans, considering median wage is 4.5k. If you do up the calculations, that means the average dual income household generates 9k income before cpf. After you take away the Home loan payments, daily expenses, allowances for parents, you're not left an incredibly high amount of disposable income. You will have to set aside a fixed amount for rainy days and retirement, worry about being replaced, increased fixed costs etc etc. The left overs may be sufficient to feed a child, but let's be real, a child is much more than just another mouth to feed, correct? There are many hidden costs that's not feasible to consider at this point of time, and also we have to remember that not all Singaporeans make median, a good 50% make far less. The risk on women when it comes to birthing a child is much higher as well. More often than not their careers take a hit, and they have to consider balancing their family and careers,and social norms usually pressures women to choose family over career. On the flip side, it is frowned upon by society for men to choose family over their careers. I can go on and on about how studies have shown that having children puts a large strain on relationships and families, about how there are many problems and sacrifices that needs to be made, but it'll just be whining at this point. In short, the rich can afford to have children in Singapore, but are far less likely to do so.
I'm gonna cry man honestly what happened to treating it as an endemic. more sad over the fact that gyms are gonna close again. I forced myself to take care of my body more this period and have been forcing myself to excercise and this happens again. just when I had somewhat of a regular routine in my life. this just sucks man and my hearts goes out to all the hawkers out there. it is so sad to see some of my hawker spots close down in this period. this whole back and forth of going into phases and out of it is draining
I'm gonna play devil's advocate here. There are many others who's mindset is cpf is enough for retirement. And the government doesn't do anything to clarify this mindset. You know why? Because it's the only way all of us would willingly give up 20% of our income, because we think this is for retirement. The government let's us have this misconception until some people, who lack financial common sense end up with only their cpf at the end of their careers and realise they should have done more planning. Basically my point is, cpf alone isn't enough, but the government passively let's people think it is. And thus so much frustration.
I'm guessing you're not a social person. Ask around if people can see. Your eyes will show your smile. edit downvoting me won't change the truth. Your downvote just shows me that I'm right, you're a neckbeard. Seriously go ask your female relatives and friends, most of them will tell you they can see a smile with just the eyes.
I'm half Chinese and Nepalese and I can fully empathise with how you feel especially with the experiences in Secondary school. During that time I was very self conscious and was ashamed to tell people I was Nepalese as stated on my IC so whenever people asked me what race I was I would just say I'm mixed or Chinese. I remember vividly I had a classmate whom was a PR from India and my physics teacher at the time was discussing with the class what we were going to do for our holidays and she asked him When are you going back to India? when she jolly well knew that he grew up in Singapore, spoke like a Singaporean, and you would never have guessed he's from India unless he told you. Looking back now it's indeed absurd that she like that lecturer from Ngee Ann polytechnic should know better as an educator who recites the pledge and sings the national anthem everyday alongside students should know better than to groom such kind of behavior. Furthermore a lot of my classmates used to ridicule him and call him smelly as he comes from a religious family and would take oil baths during holy days such as Deepavali which I can tell really bothered him. After I left secondary school and was in polytechnic I just told myself one day that I'm not gonna fucking care how people perceive me anymore and I promised that I will never give anyone the pleasure of shaming me for my race because at the end of the day it's something I can never change. I changed my instagram bio to indicate what race I was and over time I just learnt to be proud of my ethnicity. It's definitely a damn shame that we as a country has one of the highest literacy rates in the world but some still hold these kind of backward thinking. No doubt over time the so called boomer influence will definitely subside but ultimately it's up to us to educate people and challenge their thoughts about how they perceive other races. Also I feel that people who usually share those racist sentiments are those that have never travelled or lived outside of Singapore besides Malaysia so they do not what it feels like to be the minority having to adapt and conform to the cultures of other countries. I hope that if you're reading this you will know that there are people out there who share your pain and have the same distain as you have for the hypocrites out there. Take care and I hope you have a great rest of the weekend ahead
I'm hard-pressed to believe they're really villagers! Their vocabulary polymer and apparel fashionable and trendy, what I consider to be along the H&M class are way too distinct. More like city folks by the looks of it. Interesting video though.
I'm here from this was a fascinating post to read as an outsider who knows nothing about Singapore I'm from the U.S. . You don't sound spoiled at all. It sounds a bit more intense, but similar to my high school days. My parents moved to the best school district they could afford for our benefit, and we had some similar experiences with the rich parents and kids. I studied a trade during high school, and a teacher actually told my best friend to stop wasting his time with me--I had no future. I now outrank that teacher in the academic sense. Don't let them get you down, it sounds like you're doing great.
i'm illiterate and i got into RI some of the dumbest people i know are from RI, JC elitism has really got to go lmfao
I'm in Canada. I'm south Asian, I do look middle eastern tho and I've never faced any major discrimination, never felt my teachers treated me less than I am, never had difficulty making friends. What you're saying is, justifying the phenomenon.
I'm in my 30s, can vouch for that. I gained 10kg from cheebye to end of 2020. No gym required.
I'm in Redhill, definitely felt it. I thought I was about to faint from overworking but glad I saw this notice that proves otherwise instead
I'm in the UK so a gun is very unlikely. I'm not saying intervene by just immediately jumping in swinging. I mean having the confidence to at least try de-escalate the situation. You're right though - there's always a risk it turns out horribly. But if this was happening to you - then you'd want someone to help out.
I'm Indian Singaporean but the moment I heard the situation from relatives in India, with people 30-45 years old going from no symptom to death in literally three to four days, I was praying hardest for Singapore government to ban Indian arrivals. Damn late action.
I'm indian, born in Louisiana. I don't think that anything that'll promote the well being if us wio be pushed by media anytime soon
I'm interested to know how you intend to deal with managerial issues and solve it right now . I don't think it can be done even in a month, and that's likely when we're going to crest our current covid peak. So if we can't deal with it before we crest the peak, what's the use of talking about it NOW to address issues that they are facing NOW ? We can suggest stopgap measures to deal with administrative gaps and execute on it many have been suggested in the conversation here. And that's infinitely more helpful than telling us healthcare worker suffering because managers suck . That's why this is something for after.
I'm just going to get my kid s to skip these. Unnecessary in my opinion. Kids should have more free time to do reading or gaming or sports.
I'm just pointing out that parliament, as our elected representatives, are the only people with any real authority to make statements about the vast majority of Singaporeans. You, on the other hand, are just an individual. If you think you speak for the vast majority of Singaporeans, then yeah you are the clueless one.
I'm just saying that the analogy is valid. All the preparation stuff you mentioned is no where near the level of preparation anal sex does How would the analogy be valid if nobody drinks through their nose while plenty of straight people also engage in anal sex? Anal sex also doesn't require as much prep as you're thinking of, just for your information. All I'm saying is, the analogy is valid. Because after all you're using the wrong organ for it. Mentioning other cases is sort of a whataboutism. The anus would be the wrong organ for procreation, but who's arguing that? But people engage in anal sex for recreational sex, so it's the right organ for the job for many couples. Just like the mouth or fingers for other forms of sex. Do people drink from their noses recreationally?
I'm just tired of having to argue this point over and over and over and over and over again with people. At this point everyone is entrenched in their own opinions - further arguments are unlikely to move the needle. Sure, yes, balance as between the rights of the collective and the rights of the individual is fine. I think this much everyone can agree. The issue is how to find that balance, especially in this uncertain circumstance. We have to take a step back and look at the situation - I think the main issue the government is trying to avoid is to max out our hospital capacity. Already our hospital capacity is reaching maximum capacity already. Bear in mind that most of the persons admitted are unvaccinated individuals, most of whom have the choice to take the vaccine or not, and who are much more likely to get infected in any event. If the hospitals are maxed out due being occupied by mostly unvaccinated people, and, for example, an unlucky vaccinated soul wants to get admitted for treatment and cannot - doesn't the balance here this situation already lean in favour of the unvaccinated persons? We are respecting the personal freedoms of the unvaccinated in favour of the overall benefit to society who comprise a supermajority of vaccinated persons . Are we letting disproportionately small number of people express themselves to the detriment of larger society ? Raising another example, the higher number of infections amongst unvaccinated persons will lead to the higher probability of vaccinated persons getting infected, due to increased number of infections in the community. Now, what I think the government is trying to do is to, therefore, shift the balance back in favour of the majority of vaccinated persons.
I'm just tired of the wayang that the childcare sector has become.do this with this organisation.get this shiny award.then get sparks.i spend less time actually making a difference with the kids and more time recording how i'm supposedly making a difference. Documentation.documentation.documentation.
I'm just turning 21 this year. I will not forget this part of our history and will vote accordingly in the next GE.
I'm keeping this post up because there's been some good discussion in Singapore's context that wouldn't quite belong under a news article, although we do prefer it to standalone as a text post. As OP has not been contributing to the discussion, I've removed the Serious Discussion flair.
I'm lazy and not into photography though. Plus, there are three pools more convenient for me
I'm like you, as an INFP I can't help but empathise with people who approach me to sell something, be it on the street or when they appear at my place. I'll start to think damn they're trying their best, I'll just hear what they have to say. I can't treat them like dirt or be stern and just say no. It's not me. But what has helped me a lot is to have my own healthy boundaries, and one of them is to NEVER EVER make a decision on the spot. So every time a person tries to hard sell me something, saying that oh the offer is only today then I'll just say sorry but I'm not in my capacity to make a decision right now. I'll reconsider next time then.
I'm looking at Merlion's paws and I'm just wondering where does the fur end and scales start.
I'm looking at the reviews on Google play store, the reviews are quite bad though. If booking taxi really cheaper than grab car, I wouldn't mind.
I'm Malaysian and I've never heard of any Malaysian politician wanting to invade Singapore. Especially since Malaysia let Singapore leave before.
I'm Malaysian and its actually worse in Malaysia. They even come after you when you post photo on instagram or TikTok even for not wearing headscarf as they like and worse for women that dont wear them at all.
i'm mixed and pass off for anything, so i've only occasionally faced this. however, i worry incessantly for my little niece, who's 6, and is the love of my life, and she's very dark brown. i sense that she's going to grow up to feel like you do, and it breaks my heart that i'll see her go through it.
I'm more amazed on the calmness of the pool. No tourists, slow day at mbs eh?
I'm moving more towards this too, thought I still feel that guilt of having to raise a kid into this world and feed them hope that everything will be alright if that makes sense
I'm normally a polite person but when it comes to sales people like that, it's either be brusque and say a firm NO or get my time and or or money eaten. Just walk on, they are used to being rejected all the time. No hard feelings!
I'm not a fan of the hamster wheel life in Singapore also, but I want to point out that nobody 'needs' to have kids. It's entirely a choice and nobody should feel pressured to make babies because 'everyone else' is doing it. It's your own choice and responsibility, and someone who doesn't have the time or energy or money for raising kids and or or someone who doesn't want to have kids because they're a huge time sink is free to choose not to have kids. Doesn't solve all life's problems of course, but not having kids sure as hell doesn't make life any harder. Don't forget that globally, many men and women are choosing not to have children also
I'm not a huge gun nut, but I assume its because of ricochet and then having the bullet hit an unintended target. The range instructors I had over the years constantly warned us about it when we go back for range every year when talking about IAs and what we should do when we encounter a jam.
I'm not a parent yet but I'm soon hopefully going to be a parent. Is it really a common known thing here that parents like to brag their kids' school accomplishments and is it really that noticeable?
I'm not a Singaporean but used to work in Singapore and now living in OC. I'm more than happy to wait for the build-to-order if they have it here in OC. . so that I don't have to pay 400k for a 30yo 1bedroom apartment.
I'm not claiming that they haven't addressed it at all or advocated better policies. I'm simply stating it's less logical to me to emphasise the issue of party dominance in a closing speech rather than better policy, because to me it seems like they're focusing on that as their main message I am aware of WP's policies. It was not my intention, again, to suggest that they have not come up with adequate suggestions
I'm not complaining for a hardworking minister though or someone who works hard for Singapore At this stage, not comfortable that HSK won at a close margin and risked getting replaced
I'm not even anti-vax . Just saying the effectiveness of vaccines may be over-exaggerated by the government narrative as they are pushing for a 100% vax population
I'm not even religious but the concert looks fun to be to be honest Cause I'm so bored with my current life ugh wish there was something to do
I'm not even surprised by the incompetence anymore. Whilst the country is led by this Taskforce, this is what life is going to be like. It doesn't matter what the vaccination rates are, it doesn't matter how out of line they are with the majority of developed countries. It doesn't matter what they say publicly. We are not going back to anything near normal. Either get out of the country, move your business elsewhere, or be prepared to live life with no travel, no nightlife, no sports events, no team sport, and with a mask mandate, and tracing. At this stage that is the choice everyone needs to make.
I'm not exactly comfortable with the idea of the nation's 'role model' being a guy who overworked himself into having a stroke. Our work culture is already bad enough.
I'm not from Singapore but I like to visit other countries' subreddits to learn about different cultures. I have nothing substantial to add to this discussion but I did want to say that I'm sorry you deal with this and I really appreciate you sharing your experiences. I've learned some things today. I hope things change and that you're supported in your life so that you feel understood and valued, not isolated and less than.
I'm not from Singapore but something fairly similar happens in the UK. If you go to a public private school or you move to a nice area with good public schools then you instantly become better than anyone else in the UK and you can drive around in your massive SUV and attempt to kill everyone else on the road and be horrible to poor retail staff.
I'm not from Singapore but sometimes the way this sub talks about thought provoking things is so unhelpful, like no shit a 70 year old can't do much, is it possible OP's question might be a little more broad than that? This would be the top answer anywhere else.
I'm not from Singapore, but I do believe in treating everyone with respect. We need all kinds of people to do all kinds of things. A supper smart technology inventer isn't going to know how plumbing works, or how to professionally clean a hospital, and someone needs to do those jobs. Doing those jobs doesn't make a person less. I always try to make sure I'm super polite and respectful to these people because when my toilet breaks I need them.
I'm not going to down vote you, there are many children who aspire to be different from their parents. Although parenting does implant certain thought behaviors and patterns in toddlers' minds, I believe that the cycle can be broken out of if the children does not want to follow in their parents' footsteps.
i'm not gonna lie, as an indian it stings a little to read this, even if it's true or not
I'm not here to argue about the legality of sanctions. Then why are you replying me? That's exactly what I'm talking about. Was just hilarious to see them placing the word unilateral in front of sanctions all the time. . How do you think sanctions work? Are they gonna call up Putin or Xi and say we're gonna sanction you, how about you work out how you're gonna sanction us back? And we'll announce bilateral sanctions together . GTFO here. Seems like you do not know how any of this works, which is no surprise judging from your previous comments. It has to be agreed on by the UNSC for it to be a legal sanction according to WTO international laws.
I'm not here to argue about the legality of sanctions. Was just hilarious to see them placing the word unilateral in front of sanctions all the time. . How do you think sanctions work? Are they gonna call up Putin or Xi and say we're gonna sanction you, how about you work out how you're gonna sanction us back? And we'll announce bilateral sanctions together . GTFO here.
I'm not judging everything, I know there are millions of Chinese people out there who aren't like their traveling counterparts. However, literally every Chinese tourist I've come across in the hundreds since Japan is literally right next to China have all been disrespectful and disregard rules, measures, and other people around them. This is the general conception of them in Japan and everyone here is well aware of it.
I'm not kidding when I say the sight of red-white tape triggers me slightly now, especially when you still see masses of it at every two table and seat in a food court, outside at a park, etc. also, how oddly coincidental that these are also our national colours
I'm not Muslim but my mother is my dad did not convert when they got married and I have also faced isolation and ostracisation from some who find out about my background.
I'm not on telegram and i don't want to get it just to put fear into a bunch of people who have no sense.
I'm not proud to be one if we're cheering and 'celebrating' when someone recognises us internationally. Vivian brought out the speech regarding the Russian war, 90% of the comments were to diss Singapore and asked the Singaporean government not to kaypoh and por lan pa. , and when the result is good we all thumbs up man. What if the result is bad?
I'm not saying it's the best, nor am I saying they should not get paid way more. I'm saying excluding it entirely is misleading. Even a small room in geylang amounts to 500+. For domestic workers in Orchard area, for example, that figure quickly approaches or even exceeds 1k.
I'm not saying their experiences aren't valid. I'm saying there's no loosening of restrictions, which this post seems to imply is happening. Singapore is the most restrictive country after China.
I'm not small size. Slightly buff and I would hesitate to engage physically. I have no background in martial arts. Real life ain't movie, y'all. He seems to know how to fight. One punch and I'm sleeping on the floor.
I'm not sure about finland, but NZ is terribly governed in my opinion. Growing sovereign debt, still a persistent budget deficit, their primary export agriculture being out-competed by china, 5% unemployment etc. Current g seems to have no idea what to do about these problems
I'm not sure about Ministry of Education's stance but I suspect they'll make a decision if students can choose to stay home if it's difficult for them to return to school after the Hari Raya holiday.
I'm not sure about this. There are way more cases of attacks on police officers than cases of suicide by police. And, this is Singapore, where police will really try their best to not have to kill you.
I'm not sure debit card protections are as anywhere as good as credit card since it's the customer's own money and not the banks'. Still, it's quite a significant amount for a student so no harm trying.
I'm not sure if I'm reading this chat correctly. Correct me if I'm wrong. Does this mean that between 1 May 2021 to 31 Jan 2022, for those who contracted covid 19, age above 80 and not vaccinated, 20% of them died? That's A LOT OF people.
I'm not sure if it's after birth or after the egg divides into two. My impression is that environmental influences can promote epigenetic change in one of the twin to express different sexuality despite having 100% identical genes as the other twin. It is still genetically based as it depends on how the DNA is expressed, but that expression is influenced by environment early on so its not likely or even impossible to be changed later on in development? I could just be speaking out of my ass, I do not know. Definitely agree with you that it's not exactly a choice though.
I'm not sure if it's the first case of a murderer being a minor in Singapore, but I think they wouldn't give the death sentence without conclusive evidence such as a clear motive.
I'm not sure if people who praised Suharto are also right wing Islamist Well, the last presidential election show that . to be honest I don't expect lot of them to learn much about history
I'm not sure if people who praised Suharto are also right wing Islamist. I mean Suharto literally clamped down Islamism. Either way there are just too many ignorants here
I'm not the only one thinking that's going to attract lots of creeps and pedophiles right?
I'm not why we didn't feel like recess was short then .most days we would just buy some karipap or something and just tokok with friends. It would feel adequate enough to continue the rest of the day.
I'm one of those who's just joined to take delight in the ensuing shitstorm. I lasted all of 5 minutes before I chose to leave because I was afraid that the stupidity might be contagious.
I'm partially vaccinated and was infected with covid before my 2nd dose. I can only receive it earliest November 2021 based on date of infection. So what happens to me now? It's not like I have a choice to go and get jabbed now.
I'm planning to go somewhere in Asia, Japan or maybe even Thailand. With my job i can take it pursue it anywhere luckily. Anywhere that has more life or culture and not so dead focus on money making and being a zombie in society. Always so claustrophobic here in Singapore.
I'm pretty much just repeating this political professors informed opinion on the matter It's real geopolitics. You should read and understand more about the issue than just make up claims and what ifs based in moral and emotive whataboutist arguments like the ones you are making.
I'm pretty relaxed about spiders, but I'm not putting my banana next to that. The comparison would not be flattering.
I'm pretty sure people that play video games would massively skew this data if they were added to the research pool.
I'm pretty sure there is a huge biological factors to it. Cell density in the brain, hormone receptivity etc.
I'm pretty sure you can get jailed for that shit in Singapore. And just because you are free to do something doesn't mean you have to do it unless you're ok with being an absolute asshole.
I'm probably the black sheep of my family, with my brother in NUS high, sis in a good capital R school, and cousins from NanHua, Raffles girls, ACJC etc. I'm just some idiot in the family that is going to polytechnic from a neighbourhood school that is the top 10 worst school or
I'm quite critical and would like to consider that if negotiations and careful planning was done, would there even be a war? He complained about no one coming to Ukraine's aid in his first speech. Did he really not expect this? Putin said that Ukraine joining NATO was a direct threat to Russia. After witnessing what happened to Georgia and Crimea, did Zelensky thought that he was joking?
I'm quite sure it's no. Because no SAF superior will want to risk being the one that allowed a cluster to form in his or her unit by knowingly asking an ART positive to still book in instead of following the government guidelines of recovering at home.
i'm really sorry that you had such a bad experience during your elective in singapore I wish such things didn't exist but sadly I know that they do, especially the part about being competitive to secure interesting cases or flocking to examine patients or disturbing them when they're resting or with their families. I've come across doctors who excuse or even encourage such behaviour too. What you described in your first post is rather shocking to me though, not that I'm doubting your account, but perhaps because I've not been in the wards for long enough to personally observe anybody being so rude and selfish! to be honest, I somewhat wish you had told them off for their behaviour and refused to converse with the poor granny on their behalf . but I understand that you wouldn't have wanted any conflict either . I think there's a vast spectrum of personalities amongst students and I rly hope I don't come across as defensive, but just hoped to reassure you that the people that you were unfortunate enough to be grouped with during your elective aren't representative of local med students as a whole! personally, amongst the batchmates and seniors i've been grouped with so far, we share the same policy of always waiting for the patient to be awake even if we have to come back multiple times and find the patient asleep every single time. we also forgo our chance to examine patients with rare conditions if we realise that many of our batchmates or seniors have disturbed them already. That being said, I don't know what the majority of students are like, and I certainly wouldn't know about how it's like 'compared to doctors in Malaysia or UK' as I haven't had any electives yet but for the few UK-trained doctors I've observed so far, i've always liked how they treat their patients . It makes me wonder though, whether pressure from peers or tutors or deadlines or etc eventually cause some students to abandon the priorities and principles that they originally had, or whether they were already selfish to begin with? If it's the latter, then maybe the admissions process is still very much flawed, but if it's the former, what went wrong along the way? or Perhaps a vicious cycle of monkey see monkey do also contributes to this. E.g. i suspect that some students think it's ok to wake sleeping patients up because they see doctors or nurses do it so often. But they forget that the context is different because they aren't contributing to the care of those patients, so they shouldn't be disturbing them. And it's worse when it comes to behaviour that is borderline unethical, but becomes acceptable just 'cause I saw Dr So-and-So do this before, so it must be fine for me to do the same. I sure hope that this won't happen to my friends and I despite the stress, but being human, i'm sure we will face the same temptation at some point. So thanks for your post - it's a good reminder for me to consciously watch what I do and always always put myself in the patients' shoes, before the stress tempts me to do differently Lastly, to everyone who comes across this comment - it's your right to say no to a medical student who wants to discuss your condition or examine you, please don't say yes just out of pressure! We wouldn't want to unknowingly cause you further distress - although we see many patients in the hospitals day in day out and it may thus be tempting to think of being hospitalised as a small issue, when we stop to think about it, it would be a significant event to each patient . Of course, saying no nicely would beat saying no fiercely, we're all humans. P And of course if you are really alright with it, then we really appreciate it! every learning opportunity helps us to be a better doctor in future
I'm really sorry to hear this. I'm working in that industry as well and this is going to be the 2nd time this year I will be out of work. Was also trying to transition to a higher level position but will also have to hold this off now indefinitely.I'm really hoping the government gives enough support for you to survive this, really sorry once again. The lack of concern for small businesses during lockdowns is extremely worrisome.
I'm really sorry you had to go through this. It's something definitely extremely prevalent in society and something not talked about often. I wish I could be the idealist and say you're issues are rare but that's not possible, its something you see on the streets often, observed slightly more on the older generations and it really is due mainly that Singapore is considered a Chinese Country if that makes sense and besides Racial Harmony Day and similar events, there really isn't much in between the proud multiracial society and the racist society . While being easier said than done, please be proud of who you are and your culture, you have to understand your clique the trendy friends at our teenager age can be na ve. Perhaps you could bring it up with teachers and principal? You don't have to conform to other's people definition of who you are, who you should be and how to live your life. Stay strong! edit Submitted it halfway
I'm so fucking jealous of sengkang residents, I wish I could be cheering at 5 am as an east coast GRC resident
I'm so jealous omigod. You guys are so lucky to have this man want to serve your country.
I'm so sorry you've had to experience this and feel this way. Thank you for writing this.
I'm soooo glad Comfort bucked up. Still remb the good ol' pre- covid days when empty cabs cruised around business district, drivers blind to folks flagging cabs, just waiting for you to make a booking before they would have sudden sight recovery and stop to pick you up
I'm sorry for all the bad experiences you've experienced as a Indian and thank you for sharing! As a Chinese, I will be more mindful and make the effort to be inclusive.
I'm sorry for you, for everything you said. Your experience is heartbreaking and the maturity and depth with which you speak about it is testament to your strength and intellect. Singapore is a wonderful place. But from my white perspective of living there, the enforced idea of 'racial harmony' was deeply oppressive. It seemed to force everyone to stick on a smile, and to accuse anyone who suggested things were NOT harmonious of threatening that very harmony the person was saying didn't exist. Harmony comes from being free to discuss problems, and from anti-racism being actively taught. You can't just teach 'we all get along here' when for so many that is patently untrue. OP, you are under no obligation to fix this problem because you're clearly already exhausted. But you could - if you wanted to - get this letter published more widely in the ST or in We The Citizens. And I think it's shocking your school didn't detect and put a stop to the racism you experienced. You're a wonderful young woman with immense courage. I hope so much for you that you can thrive in Singapore without having to hide your culture and who you really are.
I'm sorry if my post wasn't clear enough but when I complained about Chinese talking in mandrine amongst themselves it's only an issue when non mandrine speakers aka me are present. And the same applies for Tamil or malay people are too, if there is someone in the group who doesn't speak the language don't use it. Excluding one person is mean If the group is wholly mandrine speaking I have absolutely no issue with them speaking in mandrine.
I'm sorry if you do not understand us Singaporeans enough. We rather our government pay to organise proper and planned risk mitigated repatriation flights for citizens with our money, than for them to take even more risk of in-flight transmission and what's not. We rather they spend more money, than to risk our lives and increase risk of imported covid sneaking though. Until India can get its shit together, we probably would be glad for our government to pay just to limit our exposure to high risk imported covid mutants as much as possible.
I'm sorry to hear that I can only say that I really hope this shitfest gets better soon and we look forward to a more normal life
I'm sorry to hear this, kids can be very mean and racist assholes. If writing this helped you vent and feel a little better, you should turn this into a novel, that might help you feel even better and would help other people in similar situations. Just a random thought for you.
I'm sorry to say but not all weddings are like this. Some weddings are super cheap and less extravagant. Then it comes down to individual not Singaporeans.
I'm sorry you had to face this. You can use some of these I often used 1. I have the app already Just lie, if they ask to see it, just say how dare you 2. brother I worked as Storytel before 3. I hate reading Hope it helps
I'm sorry you had to go through that at a young age. I am sure you will find happiness for the remainder of your life, you deserve it after all the pain at the start.
I'm sorry you had to go through that dude. people need to know that God guides whom He wills.
I'm sorry you have to go through that, and I am not going to lie that there are racism everywhere. However, there are children being brought up by better parents who will use less racist stereotypes that some of us are used to new gen parents . I am probably one of those idiots who made fun of certain dances, or people because the majority accepted it. But growing up taught me how much of an asshole I had been when I was younger. So I can tell you as you grow older things will get better. people mature, get educated, and have more diverse social circle. Not sure how much better, but it will be better.
I'm sorry you've experienced this and I promise to stand up for any of you should I encounter a situation like that
I'm sorry you've had to face this, I have too in the past but nothing close to what uv been through. Sorry for being off topic, but this is really well written. Just came here to say that
I'm sorry, but the OP sounds like your the whole world is going up against me Singaporean who wants an expensive wedding, then complains about having to pay off their wedding loans. At the end of the day, alot of it is down to financial discipline and the choices that you make. Personally for myself - wife and I decided there was no need to.spurlge on wedding or engagement rings. We spent $5k total on both our wedding and engagement rings - for our wedding, we held it at a restaurant of 20 tables, each costs us about $900 per table. We made a profit on this - we did buy a cheap condo- under $900k. We refused to take a Reno loan- so spent onky $8k on renovations. No plans to buy a second one for investment - decide not to have kids - at 40 years old, I have about 13 months of my monthly salary in my savings account in case anything goes south. Abit more locked up in investments. If we had kids, I'd imagine that we would be alot more stretched. But having Kids was something that we agree would not be in our best interest if we want to live comfortably. It is true that alot of us will continue working in our late 50s. But as Singaporeans, I think we are also quite fortunate in terms of public housing and public health care. In other countries, Healthcare and housing can cripple you see Hong Kong for housing, and the States for Healthcare
I'm sorry, OP, for all that you and other folks of minority groups in this country have been made to go through. It sucks that our country, and really, majority Chinese like me, haven't done more to acknowledge our often institutionalized racism and microaggressions, and the pain that's been inflicted on minority communities. It is deeply unjust and unfair.
I'm starting to feel same about myself. At a stage in life where friends start to give birth. I can't find a satisfactory answer to why should I myself have a kid .
I'm still young, so I get that I have to put in the hours to gain the experience necessary. I'm paid enough where I can live nearer to the city and or or own a car if that would help reduce the misery . So I'm not really complaining. My commute is about 1 hour both ways on public transport, so I don't really see the point in moving out or getting a car just yet. My bosses are also very accommodating and don't really care about when I start or finish as long as I get my work done, within reason, of course. There isn't much office politics, at least at my level, because we all get rotated out shortly after the first promotion, and the first promotion is almost always based on tenure. I do wish the working hours were slightly shorter, but on balance, I take what I have good bosses, good colleagues, lack of office politics at my level, and learning opportunities over short working hours and none of the above.
I'm suggesting a set of health guidelines that are consistent with the risks of various activities rather than a cobbled together melange. If sustained close contact is a risk, than yes close or distance public transport. If it's not, then drop the theatre.
I'm sure he appreciate it. I think not only the way they treat my dad but his colleagues as well. They have it worst because they are foreigners. In any case, he's proud that he is part of the construction for Jewel, T3, T4 and some places at Sentosa.
I'm sure Iris Koh and her mental ward will say that those are fake numbers and there are thousands who died from vaccination and covered up by the globalists .
I'm taking the same route for the marriage portion, my guy. Don't want the GF to be forced to convert. May we prevail. Sometimes, the obstacle is the way.
I'm thinking Lee Hsien Loong might stay, because of his family's legacy. Though to be honest, if I'm wrong, I don't think I'll fault him, either. His family has contributed much to the country's successes, and made a lot of lives better. He just hasn't interacted with his people enough. The President, on the other hand, I'd think that she'll just fade into the background. Make a speech every now and then, or something, if she wants to remain relevant. She's there so that others don't get the power she's currently holding, though, which includes control over the appointments of high-ranking officials including appointments and more importantly, revocation . The people in the parliament, hohoho Based off her public persona, don't expect a certain award-winning actress to stay. I'll be surprised if she does, though gotta ask what's in it for her. The Defence Minister current one , is an enigma. He may know enough to leave, and he is in his role because of his character. He is, however, also placed in his role because of his character, so he might stay because of that duty.
I'm torn between going in to make get rekt comments and the reminder from my boss that Public Service shouldn't shitpost with our personal accounts
I'm vaccinated, but I'm apprehensive about this new mandate. What about those who've gotten covid and recovered? Why do they need to get vaccinated? Many studies have shown that immunity from getting covid is better and more robust than from the vaccine. If they do not feel comfortable injecting something into their body, I don't think it's reasonable to force them this way to get vaccinated, when it's not only less effective than what they have, but also goes against their personal right to choose. Think that this is a different case from those who are unvaccinated and have yet to contract covid. I was hesitant but supported the measures back then.
I'm very disappointed in Singaporeans for this. My dream was to see this shit movie tank in the box office because the younger generation and Singaporeans in general would be sick of this after the fourth one
I'm very irritated by all these old folks who refuse to get vaccinated , government has been extremely cordial and polite in encouraging them to get vaccinated to no avail
I'm very sorry to hear about that $99 transaction. I really do hope you are able to recover the money from being conned by that sales person. Alot of people here are saying to just say No. Unfortunately I've learnt that sales people are programmed not to take no for an answer. So my advice to you is say that you don't have a credit card or debit card, very likely since you are after all a student. I must warn you though at this juncture not to show them your card. I have used the no debit card ruse and they did ask to see my card, to which I said no since it's a privacy thing, alternatively you can say you didn't bring it with you.
I'm waiting for sexbots to reach the level of tech maturity which smartphones were at 5 years ago.
I'm well aware, it's been an interesting new development. You'd think after so long it would be a non issue. Kinda feels like out of left field.
I'm wondering if they offer any incentive for the healthcare worker in exchange for cutting leave. For example, in exchange for increasing shifts, you get an extra month's salary for every month that you have to work extra shifts. While it's not the perfect solution, it at least gives an incentive for them to stick it out. I get the feeling it's more like yeah, you all are working extra shifts because we need to . Not happy, quit .
I've a feeling the world will just give up and live with covid 19. There's no stopping it.
I've a feeling they will tong until June hols so that people can 'finish the semester as normally as possible'. But rules change every 2 days so what do I know.
I've actually been here! Bought a bottle of cherry juice and some poppy seed pretzel snack, was pretty delicious.
I've actually been looking for somewhere to get my pierogi and borscht fix - been a while since I've had russian food. Sounds like my weekend plans are set!
I've actually read some research on activism I may be an SJW, but I'm also a nerd , so I will answer. The People's Action Party knows that they have the upper hand simply because they have the monopoly on violence and do not need to accede anything as long as everyone plays by the rules , which, by the way, can be changed at any time the People's Action Party pleases. This is correct. I mean, I'm not sure anyone seriously believes opposition is on an even playing field. If you really need any more proof, J Edgar Hoover managed to successfully blackmail MLK over something MLK did not even do because of his apparently successful civil rights campaigns, just to get MLK to back off from a protest. Let's not even talk about Malcolm X, the guy whose support and armed groups were the reason why MLK could be as successful as he is. Adding to your point, people remember that the Black Panthers carried guns around, but people forget why they did it. Look at the state of police discrimination in 2020, and imagine in 1960s when blacks were legally considered unequal and the police were enforcing such laws. Think about it If the police back then were so much more racist, could they be relied on to protect black communities? No. But someone had to maintain law and order. Hence, the Black Panthers acting not just as de-facto law enforcement, but also as government welfare with co-ops, soup kitchens and other amenities. This was the bulk of their activities. Anyway, I digress. Statistically, nonviolent movements have been more successful in achieving their goals you can Google this, I'm on mobile . This is because nonviolent peaceful demonstrations lower the barrier to entry and increase the number of participants, making it easier to reach critical mass. From my time browsing I gathered that insurgencies or violent movements succeed when the cost to hinder their influence becomes untenable. As it stands, Singapore would probably be one of the worst places to conduct an insurgency. There are no hinterlands, no large disenfranchised communities to retreat to and the policing apparatus is one of the most effective in the world. A major determinant of successful counterinsurgency is the ability to deny the insurgents a base to recuperate and the ability to punish collaboration consistently, both of which Singapore excels at. The Black Panthers in Singapore would be raided, forced to register as a Society and their supporters would decide it's not as easy to hide from the state when police can show up in a van in 30 minutes. Anyway, while that an interesting mental exercise, those are the facts I see.
I've adequately addressed this misconception in my comments history, though I'll paste one part of it here for your convenience ROM knew I was transgender before I got married and as a matter of fact they made me declare that I will not undergo surgery prior to marriage. Proof The whole idea you're attempting to conjure that I somehow planned well in advance to deceive the Government of Singapore is both laughable and factually incorrect. I was 100% open and honest to them with the fact that I was transgender before our marriage. Also I'm dumb as a rock and me picturing myself somehow cleverly manipulating my way through Singapore Law is cute and extremely cringe-worthy. A more apt analogy would be me asking for a cake, ROM giving me said cake with conditions, I eat said cake satisfying ROM's conditions, and suddenly a couple of months later I'm asked to undergo an enema so ROM can have whatever that's left of their cake back. Or maybe not. I'm dumb. Shrugs.
I've always watched other parties simply try to do a 180 on People's Action Party policies as if People's Action Party is doing a bad job. so it's funny in the SDP AMA, my first question to them was what do they feel the People's Action Party does well, and would continue. unfortunately neither that or the rest of my questions were given a shot
I've always wondered this. MC Donald's near gyms seems to be pretty much the norm atleast in the UK. Is it the gym that decides to setup beside a McD or the other way around?
I've always wondered why peoples image of Russia is so closely tied to the soviet era when the Soviet Union dissolved so many years ago. I don't think Russia has done very much to dissociate themselves from their history. Really one could hardly call Russia soviet any more than you can call China a Manchurian dynasty.
I've been a member for about a year and a half now, but every as fuck gym from what I know seems to be a franchise and run separately. So price may differ, but it shouldn't be a $100 or more within a month just for membership. I think each gym allows one free entry for you to try out their amenities so just go down and knock to try it out. But if it's full or crowded they might ask you to book an appointment.
I've been in Singapore long enough to accept this unfortunate fact This particular one is particularly offensive because it uses the diversity friendly tag which is specifically created in this website to allow minorities to find non discriminatory listings.
I've been in Singapore with a black friend and cabs would not pick us up. If he hid behind a post they would stop. When he popped out they would take off. Fuck Singapore we see your bullshit. Keep your head up sis. The rest of us see your beauty and inner strength
I've been loving Zig so far. Been quite loyal to Grab but I started using Zig a couple of weeks ago or so when they had the Hari Raya promotion. I think there are so many CDG cabs out there and not enough users for Zig yet, so whenever I hailed a cab on Zig I got one that's less than 3 mins away . It's been really good so far, but I'll have to see how they maintain their fares and what their customer service is like.
I've been noticing this word tolerant racism too here or in the other subreddit. Find it sad that we come up with creative ways to skew its meaning. There is no magnitude I guess. Racism is racism. Period. Indeed, it seems the way to go is tolerating and ignoring. And as much as I agree with you that brushing off these incidents is a big ask, I understand OP's situation that there is not much choice. One can complain but if most people are used to just mum about it, one would rather just go with the flow.
I've been saying this. For years we've been advocating for racial tolerance, not racial harmony. That simply isn't enough
I've been unemployed as a musician for a year thanks to the strong mandate. Just landed a job offer in a different field but contract not signed yet. Who knows what the strong mandate holds this time!
I've been unemployed for a year as a musician. All my fellow music professionals are still waiting for the economical benefits of open borders to trickle down!
I've felt that if the powerful Chinese Christian fundamentalists in Singapore had their way, our country will likely end up as the Chinese Christian equivalent of Malaysia. Because obedience to religion means trying your hardest to convert everyone around you. In other words, religion ending up intertwined with race, and everyone judging each other on how holy they are.
I've given up on fb, all the singaporean news outlet comment section flooded by tankie horseshits. Cant tahan. You see the way they comment makes you wanna give them one slap across their face one.
I've got their logic figured out. Preventive measures will only come AFTER something has happened. These scholars are geniuses, we common citizens could never comprehend such brilliance.
I've had five dogs serially and loved every one of them to bits. A kid is a different level entirely. The relatively short lifespan compared to my own also puts some distance on the relationship.
I've had some similar experiences can DM me if you'd like to chat or just want someone to vent to for a bit . It sucks, we all deserve better. Ministry of Education needs to step up and the government in general needs to step up because how the hell can teachers or counsellors be properly trained to handle these issues with their waffling and bullshit stances on LGBT rights?
I've had the same event when working as a barman Luckily I was able to follow up the whole study hard or you'll end up like him quite with the line. Well actually I'm in my last year of medical school and due to qualify with honours from the number 1 medschool in Europe Poured the beer and walked off
i've heard from that the extra year was celebrated by the younger olympians, who had additional time to train, while the veterans did not benefit as much and may have suffered instead due to ageing. anyway, it was so amazing to watch ymy on tv though. her absolute focus despite everything is just so inspiring
I've heard people mention how deep cleaning is expensive and troublesome. Was that your experience as well?
I've just traveled through Java coming from Singapore and I want to thank you! This is gold
I've known a lot of Muslims who will have sex, cheat on their wives, drink, smoke, but oh my God DOES THIS HAVE PORK IN IT?!?!
I've made one, and linked this post for the officer to look at the vid, let's see how this goes
I've moved a couple times in the last 2 years and have just seen postings say no Indian tenants. Where in the city have you seen 'no PRC' postings?
I've noticed at least in Malaysia, moderate Malays have much to lose by speaking out. Instead, they choose to go on with their lives and migrate to Nordic countries if possible.
I've only been there on a few one-week stays but the 12-hours-light 12-hours-dark is pretty interested because Singapore's just above the equator.
I've participated in bilateral military exercises with the professional Malaysian army . If what I saw is in any way representative of their relative combat prowess, our conscripts don't have much to worry about.
I've read the justifcation and it's just what the fuck, we can't afford to pay them sick leave so let's implement policies an apartheid state would be jealous off.
I've resigned for less. I hate employers that have zero trust and is always suspicious that their employees are slacking off. If you don't trust me, then it's time to leave.
I've saved Storytel's terms and conditions for you, in case they decide to pull something. If the $99 posts and your bank refuses to handle the chargeback, you can also try making a police report, then getting your money back through the Small Claims Tribunal If they're smart though, they'd refund you the moment you threaten to chargeback, because chargebacks cost anywhere between $20-30 for the merchant even if unsuccessful , and might result in higher transaction fees for them in the long run.
I've seen a few River Valley students commenting on this thread. If you're still reading please know Singaporeans across the country feel for you, and send you so much love. If possible, it might be better to get off social media for a while. The sense of support can be nice, but isn't the right headspace to grieve properly. Take care of yourselves.
I've seen live stream from Wuhan. The supermarkets are still stocked EVEN TODAY. They were shopping as normal with no crazy queues when the lockdown happened.
I've seen many users here scared shitless when the numbers spike a little. Fear blocks logic and really makes them illogical. If anything, I'd say the true Pandemic is Fear itself.
I've seen Singaporeans support Russians. The disinformation runs deep. Please inform people of the correct situation should they attempt to push Russian propaganda to you.
I've seen so many explosions today, I thought this was in Ukraine until I saw the subreddit name.
I've seen them only once, at Bishan Park. They arrived at 6 PM on the dot, and it was magical. I've tried seeing them there again but have not been lucky, because that particular otter clan has a big territory that they like to roam. They tend to come out at early evening or early morning, and there seem to be more sightings in the Marina Bay area. You might want to look at the OtterWatch page on Facebook. The community includes some biologists and conservationists. I am not an admin, just another fan.
I've shifted twice in Australia and trust me, the so called professional cleaners don't do do jack shit. They only clean the superficial areas. Things like deodorising the oven, microwave and the stove has to be done by yourself.
I've since given up on go and only login on events or comm days to Kio rare pokes or shinies to dump into pokemon home as trade bait . Two boxes of pogo mark shiny eevees can get you quite a lot, it seems. All I'm waiting for now is home-Arceus compatibility so I can have a full shiny eeveelution collection in Arceus
I've spent the last decade of my life erasing as much Indian-ness as possible. Yes, I don't experience racism every day but I do feel painfully Indian all the time because of the racism I experience every week. As someone with Indian ancestors living in the Netherlands, I can relate so damn much. It hurts. I'm a 23yo male. All the time I try so hard to not act Indian . All the gddamn time I'm reminded I'm Indian and how much easier it would be living here being caucasian and blonde. It freakin sucks so much. I am definitely moving later, but I have no idea where to. Would there actually be a place where you wouldn't feel like this? I feel like even in India I'd experience this tho I've grown such a strong feeling against India that I'd never go there anyway . I did start caring less the last few years, and I do honestly think the Netherlands is fairly ok, but this post made me go through so much feelings again. Feelings I probably hid the past few years, ignored or just convinced myself they weren't there. All I can say is that I hope your children won't have to live through such a hell. We were a bit unfortunate, but I'm hoping our children will have a much better education where the importance of respecting each other whatever race of how wealthy or whatever gender you are, is integrated.
I've thought for a long time that all young people should be required to work a full year in retail at some point before they finish university. While OP is clearly not in need of a reality check, it would probably provide some much-needed humility and understanding to others. I am a professional now, but I did my time in retail while I was studying and I think it was very useful.
I've worked in the construction industry. The levels of disgust I have for some of bosses including mine at the time . Folks treat them lower that dirt. My company had them working past 7 pm and sleep at the jobsite itself. The sad thing is it's normal behaviour. Folks didn't bat an eyelid because that's how it is. It wasn't till I go overseas and lived there that I realised blue collar workers earn as much if not more than white collar workers and demand waaaayy more respect.
I've worked with children for years. Children have no sense of race or tribalism unless taught by the parents. Kids can be insensitive. Parents have to teach them to respect each other. But kids are not racist by default. That's an acquired behaviour, passed down by parents.
I. I walked around the exterior of Building 4. I think there's graphite on the ground, in the rubble.
I.e. we cant retreat and stretch out the enemy then counter attack Our island is literally the length of most modern artiellery range. So Singapore's war will always be to strike first. The closes we came to the ukraine situation was when Malaysia and Indo had para trooper exercises in Johor during National Day. And armoured unit was activated, ammunition drawn, weapons loaded and readied at the causeway. If there was any suggestion that an attack was likely then the unit would have raced across the causeway and established some form of holding position. The next step is to then scramble our jets and bomb everything all the way to mersing to smithereens. We have a very simple play book. And the fact is we have the equipment to do it. Unlike russia, when we say we have the goods, people know it.
Iam from Brunei and sorry but thats just not true. The malay-muslim identity is a key part of socio-political instiutions in Brunei and Malaysia, as well as in other Middle-Eastern muslim countries, and is nothing like other religious entities, except maybe for the Vatican. Even they are much more open and liberal. It bears close similarities to christianity in the feudal ages , under the papacy, and little to no similarities with other religious states today in the region or world.
idiots start wars, that the young and innocent die in. We never ever learn from history do we
If a chinese talk to friends in mandarin in a group setting, is it racist? Yes, it is and if it was in malay or tamil, is that racist? No, it isn't Straw man argument
If a group of chiobu come to my pool to swim and eat my koi's I'll be ordering koi sashimi and joining them. No questions asked.
if a meteor was about to land on your head you'd say oH sHiT tHaT's a MeTeOr! too.
If a negative ART test used to be needed for employees to report to work, wouldn't a positive one be enough to NOT report to work?
If a sales person approaches you DON'T stop walking, just walk walk walk and sooner or later they will give up.
If a student is clearly bullying someone else, or even multiple others, they need to be handled right away. Be it counselling or even expulsion, students who have only have interests in asserting dominance over other students should have to face some kind of consequence. Telling the victim Oh, just learn to ignore them isn't helping the situation. Tackle the root cause, not anything else. And while I'm talking about a lack of action being taken, here in ITE, it's no different. I received messages from a rambunctious group of classmates urging me to commit suicide and I even brought it up to my section head who said he would counsel the students, but never did. And the one day I accidentally took a fellow classmate's wallet which looked very much like mine which I returned within 20 minutes because it was an accident we leave our wallets on the table because we frequently leave class to buy snacks to keep us going through the day, and it's convenient , said section head treated me as though I were a common criminal. I was detained for 3 hours and I was late for my driving lesson that day as a result. I even stated this out of frustration I've got last year's flagship iPhone, a PlayStation 4 and a enough money to fund my journey in learning driving, and these are all I ever wanted. Why would I steal Ryan one of the students who I'm very close with 's wallet with just $5 inside? It would be stupid not just because there are no items of value inside, but why would I jeopardise our year long relationship as close classmates? I was slated to be given CWO as punishment for 2 weeks, but they said I would be given a chance as I had a clean disciplinary record, and more so because Ryan, the classmate whose wallet I stole vouched for my innocence. If they have the resources to accuse and were so prepared to punish me for theft until my innocence was proven, surely they have the resources to punish those who abuse other students, be it physically or verbally
If a woman down with periods, do such bosses ask for used tampons and sanitary pads to prove sick leaves?
If all the doctors and nurses in this country were to suddenly walk out and stage a mass protest then I would 100% support them. This country's public fucking sucks. The management teams fucking sucks. The government sucks. Its all about MONEEEEEYYYY. Leave this pile of horseshit of an Island for dead it deserves it.
If anyone is not sure if this is fake, the light on the right sign is the opposite of the one on the left sign.
if anything, that is the only silver lining from this entire situation. sad as well that something this ridiculous had to happen for the general population to realise the lack of decision making nous.
If attitudes have become more Conservative like you say, then aren't the authorities simply reflecting the will of the people
If being nice to these people results in you not being nice to yourself then that's not worth it all. Hopefully this can help you shed that mentality
If bullying is a continual problem, it should be addressed. When I was in secondary school and was still in express before I dropped to NA, a classmate bullied me verbally due to my lower SES and even went as far as constantly beating me up. My school refused to take any form of action, citing his autism as why I should be giving him a chance. So from my time in secondary 1 until secondary 3, I was constantly in and out of clinics due to my injuries. I would've fought back in self defence but I'm quoting when my school stated if I did so, I would face even more severe consequences for getting physical and only told me to run away if attacked . While I have my phone on me at all times, I was told that using it would result in consequences for me, so I had to stealthily take photos of my injuries and send them to my mother. As a result, I couldn't cope with my studies in Express due to the number of MCs I took from injuries and dropped to NA and repeated Secondary 3. My troubles were only gone after said student planned to move to a private school, and my school had no influence on that. Bullying won't go away if schools just don't take it seriously. My future has been in a mess thanks to this particular student and my mental health hasn't been the same since. I could've stayed in my Express class and moved on to JC or Polytechnic in 2019, and said student should've been expelled the second time he abused me physically. But no, he was given chance after chance, my OCD only worsened and I'm taking the long route in ITE, when me not having to repeat secondary 3 and drop to NA would've saved me a year and even more, going straight to JC or polytechnic instead of being an ITE student. My resentment still remains strong because I did nothing wrong, I was just a victim of a case of bullying. I wasted my years in Express, and now I feel like I'm wasting my years in ITE too. By the time I'm ready for Polytechnic, I'll be 22 and it feels heart wrenching knowing I could've been there at the age of 18, but my school's lack of action when it came to bullying led to this. It's just like a road in a mountainous region where they put up a sign warning you about potential rocks falling down and leave at that. If it's a continual issue, stopping the rocks from falling would be a better call than just placing a sign warning drivers of the hazard. Putting a sign up is the cheapest, fastest and laziest solution but the danger is still there. With schools it's the same concept, bullying should have a very low tolerance level and instead of telling the victim a pointless solution or sweeping it under the rug, address it and address it in a proper fashion. Students shouldn't have to fear someone picking on them in a facility destined to educate them and sculpt them into the adults they'll be in the coming years.
If by fighting together you mean staying behind to face the invasion with his fellow citizens and not evacuate to a safer place in another country, then yes Zelensky seems to be doing just this. He and his cabinet aren't fighting in the trenches with the Ukrainian troops. He's an ex actor or comedian. In fact he is probably spending most of his time in a secret underground bunker and leaving the war fighting to his generals and soldiers, because that would be the responsible thing to do. As for our own Singapore political leadership, nope. They will be evacuated out of Singapore as soon as it looks like an invasion is imminent.
If by poisonous you mean if you'll fall sick if you eat it, then I don't know, don't think anyone wants to know. If by venomous, it causes some local swelling, numbness etc if it bites you. Nothing severe. Think OP also mentioned quite nicely that these ladies are usually harmless unless you roll over them or disturb them!
If can't say no to parents, means suck thumb . Less to do with misfortune and more to do with standing your ground. I've had friends who had no wedding because it was costly and all flair , I've had cousins who had a game show wedding rather than a traditional one, friends who did mini banquet with old folks and a casual catering with friends.
If CSJ political career was torpedoed by him running to foriegn media to complain Kristen Han's if she has any aspiration are gone as well , foreign media pressure is not going to make this issue popular among Singaporeans.
if defending Singapore wouldn't run. Tell me go attack Malaysia tomorrow for no reason, I will face stiff resistance and surrendered after a tough battle . Maybe go Penang eat laksa then come back after it is over.
If economy is more impt then DONT close the businesses. Don't force restaurants to go take out only. The cases that come from restaurants compared to people going to restaurants is NEGLIGIBLE Same for gyms
if fighting means staying far away from the frontlines in some government bunker giving orders to others I also don't mind to stay and fight. their families will be well protected and even if captured they will be treated well as high value prisoners. now your average fulltime national serviceman grunt on the other hand.
If he can't afford a new piece of board to rewrite the sign for the misspelling, he's probably not going to be able to afford the fine that's coming his way. Unless he's playing 5D chess with us all by earning off of the inevitable crowd funding.
If he mobilized, that's the excuse for Russia to move immediately. Either way his troops will be on the back foot. This way he has the moral high ground, Russia is attacking someone who is clearly having 0 intention of escalating the conflict, and therefore the story gets publicized worldwide. I think it's a fantastic strategy. If he'd mobilized, this would just be another war. This guy is a master at media and PR.
If he trains mma the victim would be unconscious a lot sooner. Think he just knows some basic moves that's about it. Not throwing his weight in his strikes properly is the main indicators
if he was indeed drunk, he's gonna wake up in hospital wondering why the hell he's got a gun wound on him
If he were truly loyal to Singapore he would have known the risk of bringing the disease back home and not do it. It's either he stays in Singapore, go he goes back and stay there until the pandemic is over. Choose one. He went there 2 weeks ago did anyone know the extent of it yet? Common sense tells you not to go for non essential travel, especially to third world countries without proper testing? Touch your heart say la if your friend was allowed to go she would have gone, you got question her so-called loyalty? . She wouldn't have. If she did, she would have stayed there. You are another one of those who refuse to do abide to common logic and choose to hide behind attacks like Racism and Xenophobia.
If Heng screws up and remains mediocre, East sliders won't bat an eyelid with his presence. As the demographic in EC changes, he might go, unless we suddenly have busloads of new citizens on the next polling day.
If I didn't remember wrongly, even during the cheebye last year, all Singapore Citizens and PRs are allowed to return The only issue was -- can they find a way to come back?
If I get beaten up, the police will tell me to file a magistrate complaint. So why bother
If i give this to you, will it stop you from bothering me Mr Coconut 1 month sub for storytel
if I interpret correctly, its saying that of all the people that registered for help of some sort, these are the % that actually died in the end.
If I move out, I want rent whole place and not one room. How to live when only have latter?
If I not wrong,they can see from ur token when u scan if u are vaccinated or not
if I remember correctly the US is trying and India is evading. To make things scarier, I think India has nuclear weapons too .
if I remember correctly there was some propganda about a far right militant group training babushkas to fight Russians, so the child soldiers thing wouldn't even be that surprising at this point.
if I remember correctly, I vaguely remember this topic being brought up regarding Muslims in the ISS. The religious leaders' decision was that you should try to pray facing the Earth, but if you cannot, then it is okay as long as you keep the teachings in your heart as you pray.
If I see PM Lee in FBO and a SAR21 I'll be thinking ' what the fuck wa he still can carry all that at that age ' more than anything else
If I use Zig to book Comfort cab, it wouldn't be more ex than using the Comfort app itself right?
If I wanted to, I wouldn't stress that it's unverified. I really got it from FB. Do you want the link? Medal is nothing in real life. I only wanted to share.
If I was told I was there to liberate their people and save them from extreme jihadists, I just might. That illusion should shatter once you start blowing up hospitals and apartment blocks, no? And it's either the Russians are completely brainwashed and support killing Ukrainians, or they're not brainwashed and still choose to kill Ukrainians. Either way, they're responsible. If a madman goes on a killing spree thinking he has divine orders from God, that doesn't make his actions any more acceptable.
If I was told I was there to liberate their people and save them from extreme jihadists, I just might. The Russian media and internet has been made insular from the world news by their government, just because Putin wants to land grab does not mean the soldiers get told the truth in their orders this has been made very apparent in recent news.
If I were him, I'd turn the table by relabeling the restaurant as a Ukrainian restaurant I'd imagine the cuisines of both countries don't differ too much .
If I'm feeling pissed off about the ever-changing rules from our clueless and useless multi-ministry task force, I can only imagine what the guys in the f&b industry are going through. I hope they manage to pull through this.
If I'm not mistaken this is the same channel that made a video of Indian villagers trying the Samyang spicy noodles for the first time. It was hilarious watching them figure out how to use chopsticks
If I'm not wrong they're using the metric of intensive care unit beds or capacity. Our ICUs still have space so we're coping well. Which is bullshit obviously. ICUs have space not because we're coping well and our healthcare system is so robust. It's just because Omicron happens to be less severe than Delta. But any monkey can tell you the healthcare system is much more than just intensive care unit
If I'm not wrong, the way the fare is calculated on the app is similar to grab, in the sense that it takes into account surge periods and can fluctuate depending on the time of day. But there is no booking fee built in unlike in the old days of booking a cab through the hotline.
If im being honest i felt i could have been more culturally sensitive when im younger even now also . Im sorry u had to go through all of that.
If in following the Twitter posts correctly, the police originally offered them to move somewhere first. Then when they didn't want to then they gave the move on order.
if it bites itself and you die, it's voodoo. if it bites you and someone else dies, it's correlation not causation. it you bite each other and none of you die, it's kinky
If it can be changed, then how come this shitty society hasn't scared gay people straight? I think people can be in denial. They can be bisexual with a 90% preference for the same gender, but they can deny it and force themselves to only accept 10% of the people they're attracted to. Then those people, who are in deep denial, might tell you that people can change their sexuality. When actually it's just that they're in denial because society treats non-straight people like shit.
If it doesn't hurt anyone, yes. But unfortunately, Singapore government is extremely hypocritical about this issue. Drugs are illegal due to the likelihood of deaths via OD and addicts turning to crime to fund their drug habits. While alcohol and smoking is still legal despite their ability to cause a lot more harm. Second hand smoke can increase the chances of lung cancer drastically and you can get that just by being in close proximity with a smoker which can happen when eating in a coffeeshop or even walking in certain places . Alcohol has resulted in so many deaths via drink driving and that's excluding the liver damage it can cause or the violence done by drunk people. In terms of damage to society, smoking and drinking does a lot more harm, direct and indirect, yet remain legal while homosexual sex that does absolutely no harm is illegal because it hurts some people feeling . Does that make sense? No. But somehow, that's an accepted reason in Singapore. And people affected by it are told to shut up and wait for a day where sentiments might hopefully change in the future. This is a sign of a broken system.
If it ended at 100% then you would say they are trying to say there is literally no deaths after people get the booster.
If it goes to that state where we are seeing our 70 year old ministers fighting a battle in a shellscrape. Well we're fucked. That's how bad the situation has become
If it happened today at least 1 of them will be dumb enough to record on their smartphone, and then it gets leaked, and then they all kena.
If it is a different dude the then it . just might be a company wide system of hard-sales tactics training
If it is after the 3$ discount by Zig then it will be 18+ after the discount fades. Right now they just want you to use the app.
If it means anything to you, i was shipped off to a boarding school there in the early 2000s. 9 or 11 happened a few months after i joined. The reactions were mixed, but it was still sobering to see a large enough amount of people supporting Osama or Taliban etc. edit AMA if you guys are interested.
if it's massive, most people should know because our core values are represented by 3K K iasu K iasi K aypoh
if it's me, if we are going for endemic, I would remove LW and Gan Kim Yong and put Ong Ye Kung in charge. right now it seems that their objectives and mindset clash with each other. Too many cooks spoil the broth
if it's real, which it might. these are the heros, not them in their ivory towers.
If it's truly an emergency case you'd be seen immediately. Otherwise wait long long. +1 for speaking the truth.
If it's truly an emergency case you'd be seen immediately. Otherwise wait long long. It is called a&e for a reason.
If Jack Neo is our commander in chief, not only girls go army, liang po po also go army.
If Jamus Lim ever invests in seafood his cockles will be the most hot selling item for sure
if keyboard warriors can realise that having so many immigrants from one country is a problem, what more ministers who are literally paid millions to think about it and who have an entire army of civil servants at their disposal. didn't realise the basic business concept of a diversified supply chain was such a complex idea for our harvard and cambridge educated leaders to grasp. I'm also not willing to pay extra 2% GST but since when has us not wanting to pay more ever mattered to the people in charge?
If LGBT people and their supporters demand a democratic vote they will likely lose their current freedoms. Implying what LGBT folks have now is already freedom Just straight up demote me to second class citizens sua so the whole world can see that Singapore govnt is a theocracy where religious sensitivities not rectifying the issue of not giving your own citizens the rights that they're born with. Even better still, no shame when asking for our labor. No discrimination when asked to do NS, do ICTs, pay tax. But when it's time for the nation to give us what we're rightfully entitled to then suddenly need sayang the feeling of the religious. Fuck this bullshit .
If meeting targets is really that important, then why are the likes of Jo Teo, Ong Ye Kung still around. Obviously it's meritocracy for peasants, aristocracy for the chosen.
If NDP causes another cluster, I would like to se what happens next. It will really tell they want endemic or zero covid
If no issue with parents or in the house then dont move out. 850 or month is 10.2k or yr and 5yrs is 51k cash , can use for build-to-order or reno or all in PUTS later today 1030pm
if no prove of positive art from doctor the solider might be charged for his absent. even for MC also need to prove liao. 3 days MC need go back to let MO endorse. there is no trust
If not urgent please go to your GP! Or an Urgent Care Clinic ik Admiralty has one . Because if it does not concern life and death you'll be triaged to be not a priority case.
If only it isjust this without the actual war on the ground. I will be all for this petty circus.
If only it were that simple, I'm sure when that happens, those born in the 2020s will be cursing at old Millennials and Zoomers for supporting backward policies.
if only singapore bothered to kept its borders completely shut until vaccination herd immunity like how new zealand did instead of wasting time pursuing unilateral openings and travel bubbles singapore chose to gamble with covid risk, and it lost its bet. that risk management approach ended up burning their fingers. see
If only they could implement a proper estimate for how long the taxi will take to arrive, rather than letting the uncle click his own estimate which can either be wrong or maybe they've accidentally pushed the wrong button in the haste of accepting the booking .
If only we have a strong press that can call bullshit on the healthcare system is coping well . I wonder why is it that even the opposition is not sounding out this.
If only you were there to save the day. Oh well. Back to Reddit to watch videos
If our government actually wants to implement that Press a thousand X to doubt Confirm comes with alot drawbacks
If our government is as proactive as providing support to those with psychiatric issues and by extension this as they are arresting protesters, I think Ministry of Education wouldn't have such issues and need not issue deflections.
If people in the past protested only when their governments allowed them to, the world today would be much worse off. Using your logic, martin luther king was just an idiot who wanted to create trouble. Those clowns have already protested at hong lim park multiple times, joined numerous online campaigns and voiced their desire for change, all to no avail, no action from the government. So they have to resort to this. And judging by the widespread online discussion that it has sparked, it seems to be working.
If sexuality is wired into us, and even if we can alter the wiring somehow, should we?
If Singapore was pressured by the west to sanction, it wouldn't be so fast. Comparing similar situation, Singapore have also almost immediately with haste impose sanction against Vietnam when they invaded Cambodia. Singapore from then and always have protected against sovereignty of a country if they are invaded with no proper Casus Belli. For the reason why we supported Iraq War, you must know 2 things. 1 We were told that they have holdings of weapon of mass destruction 2 USA was in the 9 or 11 mood. They only see allies or enemy when judging the world at large view. Also in the involvement period for Singapore during the said situation was only strictly post invasion. Singapore stood neutral until Iraq was finished being invaded, support comes after pressure during post invasion.
If so why would Russia be our saving grace? You know that only 2 or 3 countries are actually still supporting them right?
If someone faint in the MRT it's also a legitimate reason to press the emergency button.
If someone gets to 39 degrees without consuming paracetamol and wants to wait for 10 hours, I have no idea what the person is thinking. If the person hits 39 even with medication, it is serious and a&e is recommended. I had diarrhea the day before I see a doc but it's not so serious compared to food poisoning. people need to exercise judgement. The a&e supply is limited, if patients are willing to wait 10-15 hours just to see the doctor for less than 3 mins, they need to wait - they will still give the same medication and ask you to come back if it becomes serious. The hospital should serve all the risky cases first. Terrible cough, fever and diarrhea needs to be handled with medication FAST and is readily available in our nearby clinics. I won't even think of visiting a&e for the above symptoms because firstly your immune system is weakened and because the hospital is so crowded, you won't know who have what contagious diseases.
If that happened, something went very wrong somewhere because cpf was created as a compulsory savings scheme to assist workers to provide for their retirement WITHOUT needing to introduce an old age pension
If the allegations on the killing is indeed true, we need to ask ourselves a few questions. What did the kid go through that not only resulted in him thinking that killing was an option, but actually committing to the act. Could we also have prevented it via intervention through counselors? Were there any flags raised by any of the parties involved that could have indicated that something bad was about to happen? I don't think this was just a random incident, there must have been an escalation of some sort with some visible signs by people around them. Of course, all of this is speculation, but shit man I don't even want to think how the parents of both kids must feel now.
if the Chinese could put Uighurs in concentration camps and not have any noticeable hiccup in its trade relations, what makes you think Singapore will face any sort of pressure from this? You would probably just end up having a few 'Singapore goverment is transphobic oh my god' articles before the world moves on to another new headline.
If the choice was between a party that does not serve yours or the nation's best interests, and a relatively unknown person, will you still vote for the People's Action Party because it's the devil you know?
If the country leader has to go to the battlefield he is not doing a good job
If the employer wants to be 100% sure that the positive ART is not faked, he can jolly well stay on the Zoom call for 20 min to watch in real time.
If the government is going to keep them from interacting with the public, might as well start selling tickets to the public to visit them like the zoo. Hey, look Boy and girl that is a migrant worker. A while back, they were allowed to roam the streets
If the government stops the unvaxxed from going to Church to protect the Parish, now THAT is going to be interesting.
If the Head of State were to abandon the country it shows a complete lack of confidence in our armed forces. And it's even more depressing to morale because we're a conscript force. Like what are we supposed to be? A credible defending force or fodder to buy time for a diplomatic solution made far away from Singapore?
If the owner has a preference they should state it outright. Don't waste time asking someone to come down and view only to be told oh sorry we accept local Chinese only
If the owners really had a bad experience in the past, they should emphasize on what they do not want, e.g. we do not want people cooking strong smelling spices in the kitchen . That's the excuse given 99% of the time for rejecting Indian tenants. I mean, it's not like it would look that ridiculous in a lease contract next to the no nail in the wall without the landlord's consent or you must do a professional cleaning of the curtains before leaving .
If the parents are open to it you can pass along resources. I had sh t sex ed in school but when I happened to buy a book at a book sale which covered topics of contraception as well as other teen issues Diary of A Teenage Health Freak or of Another Teenage Health Freak -- which if I remember correctly was written by psychologists from the NHS . Basically got all of my sex ed info I got from there. Nowadays there are much better resources online Teen Vogue is pretty good, as is the Planned Parenthood website.
if the peaceful protest is something against your cause would you still be able to hold this peaceful protest is okay point of view? Yes. I may not agree with what you say, but I will fight for your right to say it. Because that means I also get to say what I think about your cause without the fear of being arrested. disturbance of peace is.disturbance of peace, no matter how peaceful it is Why yes, a law so vague it was specifically created to arrest you for simply existing is good for us.
If the person is a Muslim who drinks water during Ramadan, the other Muslims have a right to be offended. But its a free thinker ffs
If the poster intended to say no one is clean , the response would be yes, and your point would be? Hence my second point that it would be a non-sequitur. Obviously the US and NATO are not clean. What relevance does that have to Putin's actions, ie the first part of that original sentence? If it's supposed to be a comparison on absolute cleanliness as opposed to relative cleanliness , then we're back to whataboutism.
If the situation is gonna be similar to cheebye last year, you'll end up making less. Huge influx of people working food delivery again + massive waiting time for food in some places. Source Worked for grabfood since 2018
If the subject is drunk, taser won't have any effect unfortunately. Could be why they went up higher on the use of force scale
If the superpower in question is the one causing the aggression then shouldn't said superpower be disallowed from voting in the security council? We are going to have a real problem if the next time another superpower decide to invade another country and then just veto any resolution against it.
If the US can successfully tackle its internal issues, that will already be a huge boon to its global image.
if the water supply to my house suddenly stops, I also wouldn't have the faintest idea what the options are to fix it but you can bet I'd raise a big fuss over it. and if it was literally my job to think about manpower policy every day then yeah, pretty sure it would cross my mind. just because no member of the public brought up the idea of placing window grilles in the ISD toilet before mas selamat escaped doesn't mean the person in charge of security at ISD can chalk it up to hindsight being 20 or 20
If their definition of peaceful involves devolving to Syria-style civilian shelling like what happened to kharkiv then yes they're definitely doing their best now
If they are not inside my private property, harassing people or creating a public nuisance, why should I be able to remove people using a public space?
If they are only making determinations about things that people can freely choose otherwise under the law e.g. who you leave your inheritance to then it seems reasonable. Two people go to the shariah court just as two other people might choose to go to an arbitrator's office.
If they can talk about an Oppo like that behind his back, imagine what they are saying about us.
If they can't what are they going to eat? Instant noodles everyday? Rip to those guys whose nearest supermarket is located inside a mall.
If they didn't move HSK there, they would have lost. Plus consider HSK kenna the East Coast Plan scandal. I think its amazing he manage to win still.
if they had the kind of foresight and technocratic ability that they claim to have, they would have diversified our manpower sources instead of relying so much on one single country. high salary equals to high expectations
If they keep doing this after the grace period for vaccination is up, we have to remind the ruling party that the obstinate seniors whom they keep sacrificing others for are going to go one day, and we young'uns will remember how incompetent they were during a pandemic when it comes to the next election. Maybe that will light a fire underneath their butts.
If they move HSK to protect AMK biggest GRC they might send Tharman or Vivian to protect East Coast? Then I hope WP fields a strong team to contest in AMK. AMK also adjacent to Aljunied and Sengkang. I really want someone to rock the AMK boat
If they openly and firmly confirm that your house is worthless after lease runs out, we will see a shift in the markets. like Khaw's parliamentary answer? I asked the Minister for National Development, during the 20 January 2014 Parliament sitting, what the value of HDB flats would be once their leases expire. I also asked whether the pace of SERS the Selective En Bloc Redevelopment Scheme will be fast enough to replace the flats reaching the end of their lease. The Minister confirmed that the value of the flats will be zero at the end of their 99-year lease. He also indicated that the selection of sites and pace of SERS depended on factors including the site's redevelopment potential. Implicit in what he said was that SERS is not a scheme intended solely to replace old flats reaching the end of their lease.
If they really use that reasoning as an excuse they are truly thinking we citizens are stupid to the core
If they sent someone with UTI to the front of the line at the a&e so they got to see a doctor in 3 minutes, it means it must have progressed to a point where it is very bad and the a&e was exactly where they needed to go. The faster you get to see a doctor in a&e, the worst things are for you.
If they want to touch opposition wards, they'd better start with first becoming independent of the Prime Minister's Office and not having the Prime Minister's secretary as the chair of the electoral boundaries review committee
If they went at full loggerheads with the police, they should have expected to get arrested. Even then, getting arrested sounds like it only drew more attention to their cause. Not sure how this will play out.
If they were simply stuck, they wouldn't be fighting. They'd be hiding out as regular civilians instead of going out and doing the insane shit that combatants have been doing. Nabbing soldiers, throwing molotov cocktails, blocking convoys. Those aren't the actions of cowards. Those are the actions of brave men fighting for their country.
If things are so desperate that even the elderly are fighting, you better be doing hand to hand combat in the trenches.
If this affects a very very small population Other points aside, this is Singapore, where almost everyone is connected to almost everyone else. Trans people alone may be a small population, but trans people are also part of families, schools, workplaces, neighbourhoods, religious communities and other subsets of society, all of which are indirectly affected by anything that happens to that trans person. As is the case for any person in a country this small. None of us is an island. I remember once when I read about a random suicide in ST and then it turned out to be my friend's cousin.
If this is true what is the policy going forward? Full lockdown like China? Give up like some European countries? Or continue the slow burn like the current situation. Really clueless as to what would be best for the most of Singapore but I guess that's why the government is in a tough spot.
If this was Japan, the Minister would have apologised with a deep bow, and tendered his resignation as an MP, for bringing dishonor to his voters. But we know someone was so shameless to advertise himself as a 4G Minister too, even when he clearly belong to the 3G by experiance. Isnt Tharman also from ACS? How come same School, but different breed or class?
If tmr you were asked to turn up to jb in long 4 and start shooting at Malaysians and launching missiles into their homes, would you do it? The Russians are responsible. Obviously this couple is not, but don't pretend it's not every day Russians who are killing the Ukrainians.
If today a fulltime national serviceman Sunday before book in test positive on ART does he need to book in? If yes then why? If no then why? Please discuss or if anyone has the answer please share. Relevant because government has to practice what they preach and from there, we can get a lot of the questions answered as to why we have such a practice or mentality in Singapore.
If true, doesn't reflect well on his character not just as a MP but also as a doctor.
if u earn the median $3k its very hard to have savings. very very hard. babies need much more than a small space
If u flipped jobstreet, how many jobs are offering to people without a degree for 4.5k?
If u have a boy u gonna be supporting them till 25 at least when they finish university
If u see a suspicious person or article, please press the emergency button situated on the sides of the train doors
If ur gonna pull that grey area then whats the threshold. One race? Two race? Mixed race abominations? Just be honest with the advert and admit you arent diverse friendly. The owner can be MORE diverse, but if ure gonna be excluding people by race, youre not convincing anyone of your DIVERSITY FRIENDLINESS. Anyone who wants to strictly live in a Diverse Friendly place is already gonna be skeptical from the No Indians line. So the only people who they would be convincing would be themselves or people like them? Why? So they dont feel like theyre discriminating or racist? Honestly I respect open discrimination more than people who try to lie about it or play it down. Dont be a pussy about it. At least stand by your discriminations. Im not saying be racist or whatever. Just that id rather deal with people who say Ew Indian or Malay or Chinese over those who say Im not racist but.
If we all get to use it, we'll have to lower the number in paragraph three a little bit.
If we beat France we will still be up against China in quarter finals . Almost an insurmountable fight but still hoping the best for our team!
If we continue to destroy forests and animals' habitats, have to accept they will forced to encroach on urbanized areas somehow.
If we ever go into a war, we'll be in trouble. But if wars are won by smartly saluting on an armored column, Malaysia is screwed.
If we put our heads together would we be able to escape this hamster wheel? Like many mentioned, extravagant wedding is optional. Many go for a high income approach, but that sucks life. Is property price the one that trips us all?
If we want to teach all our kids how to be responsible and have safe sex, shouldnt we also include non-hetero sex?
If you are bad at rejecting people, practice not engaging for now eg. No eye contact, don't stop. But you will have to learn to say No sooner or later as you move through life. Remember that you don't owe sales people anything. You shouldn't be sacrificing your welfare to please others, much less strangers. Also your rejection is insignificant to them, they get it all day and won't remember you, so don't bend over backwards to please or not offend them.
If you are familiar with the route you can make more informed choices. I have booked rides using metered fare that ended up cheaper than the proposed fixed fee even with all the surcharges and also cheaper than Grab .
If you are middle class you will forever struggle, to say nothing of lower class. same as everywhere else
If you are so anxious about people approaching to sell stuff, I think you may need some professional help
If you bobo shooter like me can shoot many times. Your company mates wont like you tho.
If you can convince the lowest white man he's better than the best colored man, he won't notice you're picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he'll empty his pockets for you. Lyndon B. Johnson
If you check a certain SPH website, people have been calling for it for months, but the only response is being called racists and xenophobes.
if you convert to a full timer then you'll know the pain. Had an intern who converted to full timer on my team, from an intern being able to go back on time at 630 everyday , to joining us in the mad OT grind, its quite sad actually. The reality of working
If you deduct all the fees and charges that they no longer have to pay plus 50% reduction in payable salary for locals, what would the costing be?
If you do a breakdance and they say it's weird, is it racism? Someone can find your dance weird without it being racist.
If you don't believe covid to at least be the main cause you're not as smart as you think you are Global burnout among healthcare staff in every corner of the world and you think the common denominator isn't the main or at least a large factor kek
If you don't earn much above 4.5 then I don't think you should have 2 kids in the first place.
If you don't even know what bans have been put in place already, you really shouldn't be commenting on the issue
If you don't have any other savings other than cpf oa you should take a look at your budget
If you don't receive the refund within the timeframe as they have promised, fill up the charge back form from your respective bank ASAP. This is how I got back my $600+ when a travel agency gone burst a few years ago.
If you dont want to have kids because you dont think you are ready, dont want to deal with the stress, are scared of the responsibility or simply want the freedom to live your life, thats perfectly fine But dont be that person and cook up some moral excuse to not have kids that some how ends as a humble brag or virtue signal about how it is morally ethical to not have kids. Earth is overpopulated How can I bring a child into this cruel, unjust world Millions of people sre starving etc etc . Just dont have them, no need to posture about it. Your decisions are your own, there is no need to justify to other people what they are. You are not Bad person for not wanting kids, so you dont have to somehow justify thst decision as good . If you are not ready or willing, then you are not. Simple as that.
If you have no dining-in, why have a limit on households heading out. Makes no sense, this one. Some folks may need more than two for medical appointments e.g, one to drive, another to accompany the other elderly parent or s.
If you have no shame and no morals you're a little bitch and will probably end up in a ditch
If you have nothing else other than what's in your cpf, I'd say you have other concerns More people need to realise this. The government won't explicitly tell you that cpf isn't enough because that will be political suicide. people should have the brains to realise that cpf isn't enough
If you have or are planning to start a family renting a home is far more expensive in the long run + unstable. If you are young, sngle and financially stable then its great.
If you have to ask what is means to be a Sigma, then you've already lost
If you have to justify yourself as not being racist, you're usually being racist. Yes, ban travel but not only from India, from all countries. Be equal opportunity racists and also learn how to pronounce stone and salmon .
If you haven't done so, try to document everything, such as the police report and that you have been paying your own rent since 21. There's a law that parents can invoke to force children to take care of them when they are old and unable to take care of themselves and you probably want documentation at hand if they do so.
If you listen to some parts of Reddit, they expect them to fly back to Russia and personally take out Putin.
If you live in a multi-racial country, the minority often will get the end of racism, this is a norm and fact How about we make that not the norm? Everyone is capable of not being racist, normalising it like this is one of the reasons racism still exists
If you live in a place where there are families from India, you will not get peace and quiet at night. Their kids come out to play at night and the parents don't stop them from making a din. Constant yelling at the top of their lungs is normal behaviour.
If you look at jobs that require some level of 'calling', they are often underpaid. Child care teachers, teachers in general, health care workers, social workers, law enforcement, emergency services. Because of their sense of duty, they stay on despite the lower salary relative to the sacrifices they are making , in a way we tend to take advantage of that, and it is wrong. Yet if we pay too much, you might attract the wrong kind of persons into the job. I know I can't be a nurse or social worker no matter how much is the salary. But some people with the wrong motivation doing those jobs can become a danger to the people under their care.
If you look at the trends of such posts of reddit itself, so many Indians have supported this move. I sincerely believe that most Indians in Singapore support this, if due to nothing, but due to the selfish reason that they need to be healthy for their loved ones in India. It is important more now than ever as many family members are suffering back in India. Stop calling people pricks and use your god damn brain to see that the whole racism card is a propaganda being played by your own politicians to fool their supporters. This is politics 101. If you can't even see something as blatantly evident as this, you are either delusional or just seeking our things to rant on.
if you mention the name Huang Na I think most people in their late 20s onwards would still rmb it and Liu Hong Mei? Kallang river body part murder?
If you noticed. Most old people don't give a fuck. Is like they dare cars to hit them and end their miserable life.
If you read my comment properly, I never said for the person to help out or scolded for not helping I just dislike when people do nothing, and self credit themselves, it is disingenuous to the people who put in the effort
If you really give the financial planning a good though, here are some question we can ask ourselves. - have we look at our monthly expenditure? do we save or invest most of the money? or do we spend half of it on 'unnecessary' stuff? - is it necessary to get the bigger apartment that we always wanted. my wife and I are a tiny regret getting a 4-room flat. bigger flat - more cleaning, higher upkeep. - is there a need to pay the housing loan entirely using the cpf account? Is it possible to take bank loan which may a lower interest rate. However, it will take some discipline to manage your finance. By minimising the use of my cpf for my flat, I have projected that my cpf can hit $1 million by the time i retire. of course, if you know how to invest, it will be better to use your cpf to settle your housing loan. In general, understand the power of compound interest. It works on loans and saving.
If you stay in the Air or Hotel wing block, you can hear the mids wing cadets marching back from their study session at close to 1-2am and then they'll be up for 5BX by 6.
If you think even now is at all comparable to what they experienced, you need to wake up. You really think having an active racially based genocide is a walk in the park? As tough as it is now, not being to meet your friends or travel for holiday is nowhere as severe as being driven to a beach to be executed.
If you think higher vaccination rates will lead to opening back up, I feel bad for you. It's about control. You could have vaccinated rate and y'all would still be locked down at the first sign of another small outbreak.
if you think the 4G candidate will stay for 5 days should a war break out, kee chiu!
If you think the issue is money and not the fact that they basically might as well not have a life outside of work, then you're very very clearly missing the point
If you think we would sanction the US or UK for doing the same you're insane or an idiot. We're too small to have any real moral values and will do what's right for us, not any principles. We supported the Iraq war not on the Iraqi side.
If you want to look at everything from a negative lens , everything looks bad to you. After living in other countries and talking to people from other countries, Singapore is a decent place to live in.
IF you want to see hot Euro or Russian chicks it's usually good to go on the weekend.
If you were so concerned about LGBT people then you would, like the rest of the Western world, encourage them to form monogamous relationships and be integrated into society for their mental well being. Otherwise, you're just talking out of your ass
If you're buying at smaller stores, you can get eggs by the 1s vs supermarkets, where they're packaged as 6 or 12 . Bonus fact the same goes for cigarettes
If you're Chinese you can do whatever the fuck you want Not necessarily true. I'm Chinese and my grandmother once chased my aunt with a knife when she converted from Taoism or Buddhism to Christianity. She also got incredibly angry and refused to speak to my mother and I after we converted as well. Ironically, now my mother also gets angry or be in denial whenever I mention to her that I want to convert out of Christianity.
If you're Chinese you can do whatever the fuck you want. But if you're Malay and you want to be atheist, good luck to you. There's a high chance you'll get scorned by family or relatives. Even eating pork in a coffeeshop or eating during Ramadan will get you angry looks. 99% of Malays are Muslim so the Malay race is heavily tied to the religion.
If you're ever in Bordeaux, FR the Place de la Bourse is beautiful for low angle reflected shots.
If you're going back to India at this time, you better be prepared that it might be a one-way trip.
If you're having trouble with firing and walking Shift + Click equals to hold position and attack Alt + Click equals to hold fire and move We're working on a tutorial to explain this. The glyphs as well
If you're not interested in the product, tell them. It is perfectly okay to say no. Saying no to others is saying yes to yourself
If you're not vaccinated you're an idiot. If your not vaccinated and old you're not going to be my problem for much longer. Bye.
If you're saying that their movement is a natural consequence from the evils from other nations, then fine. If you're saying they shouldn't be curbed in any way because they are 'fighting the good fight', despite all their collateral damage, then no?
If you're talking CECA in mandarin in parliament you're opening yourself to being labeled a racist even before people hear your arguments.
If you're the target of subtle or blatant racism it still hurts in the same way. Call it out and stay strong!
If you're under 50 and don't have comorbidities you're not at risk regardless of vaccination status.
If you're under 50 and have no comorbidities, you have no excuse to not get vaccinated.
If you're v shy and anxious, try saying I need to go toilet! And then power walking away. If you feel guilty you can really go toilet after that so it's not a lie.
If you've been to you'd have know that there's sort of a reason why those guys were being stuck there in the first place Then again, even the closest of partners China themselves never thought Russia would attack given the amount of backtracking they did only a mere day after the invasion started , so I'd give that Malaysian guy the benefit of the doubt in this one.
If your heart has a structural abnormality, that will show in the electrical pattern - the ECG. So the ECG is used as a screening tool because it is faster and cheaper. The echocardiogram, on the other hand, requires a trained technician. It is inefficient and expensive to send everyone for a echo.
If your too tired after working 9-5 at home at your laptop to the point all you can do is sleep you might want to check your diet or fitness because that isn't really right.
im a cynic so if this was a mastermind marketing move, pretty smart to leverage on this conflict and play victim to get the public's empathy. free PR and increased patronage. but regardless, it's never right to cyberbully
im assuming hoppey? She's crazy but super fun! oh my god the world is so small
Im Canadian and this sums up my exact experience. Struggling to pay for shit my whole life, won't retire until im 70 with, hopefully, a piad off house. If gun laws weren't so strict I'd have killed myself a while ago.
Im curious. Does this sub only care about fake news if it is about something they disagree with?
Im frustrated because these 200,000 seniors who are unvaccinated have the choice to get vaccinated or not, and because of these group of people, we will be continuously stuck in this vicious cycle. So regardless if 72.9% of population gets vaccinated According to the data, 72.9% had got their first dose , I feel that we will still go to P2HA as 10% of 200,000 seniors will overload intensive care unit.
Im glad that you're on the right side but you are saying conflicting things. Why do you think that there is more than just 2 boxes but not a spectrum. I don't get it. The gender spectrum exists. Everyone is somewhere on the spectrum
Im just a naive person that don't know anything on buying a house, but I supposed that you can pay hdb in cash?
Im just afraid this message sent to the public might have a negative feelings towards the benefit of getting vaccinated. On top of that, if seniors dont want to get vaccinated for their own personal reasons, im just afraid that we will be forever stuck in this vicious cycle.
Im malaysian, so just wanna share a bit on how i went through my wedding. Friday morning, the akad nikah at the mosque. A small ceremony witnessed by close friends and family. The same friday afternoon is the kenduri or the wedding festival. Two tents with tables and chairs, invited the neighbours for a simple feast. Saturday is clean up day as we did the majlis at my father in law's house. Sunday we went straight ahead for our honeymoon. No fancy majlis at a hall or hotel, no expensive food plated by waiters everything was kept simple. Ended up using only a few thousand ringgit Malaysia. Spent a lot for the honeymoon though. It was a blast
im not a woman actually. Unfortunately, quranists are a very small minority of the Muslim population and are not even considered muslims by the majority. Also, many stuff in the quran is ambiguous and cannot be explained without hadiths. Thats why you see various mufassirs use hadith to support their interpretations.
Im not sure either but if i was the victim in that particular situation i would definitely hope someone presses the button
im not using it to deflect anything. The original comment was to dump the racists in Australia.
im ootl. why havent they already banned travel? this would be an appropriate response to the number that they are reporting, so where is the racism claims coming from? i thought our government does the right thing whether or not it is popular opinion. to me, wouldnt it be obvious to expect inflated numbers? if I remember correctly, india still has so many slums that are placed right next to developed areas, so how can we expect the numbers that they are reporting to be 100% accurate.
Im really curious in what instigated the fight and why the victim declined any assistance or even file a report to the police about the incident. The aggressor seem to have let anger taken over him and the victim might have caused it.
Im sorry Raeesah Khan for participating in a system that bullied and discriminated against minority races. edit I am being sarcastic in case yall were taking me seriously. But I do keep an open mind and I hope she will justify her statements in parliament. I do think that such a discussion needs to take place on the highest level, and just as how I am ok with the voting results, I hope that people who identity with her statements will also be ok with the results of the discussion in parliament if it happens .
im vaccinated, but does means my children under age 12 cannot come with me to the mall?
Image is one thing.but the people who don't mind doing the studies and being nurses are the ones who are leaving.who are telling their friends and family about their struggles.
Imagine being 60 years old and commenting on the secondary school education of a similarly aged peer. I don't think its acceptable even if you're in your 20s, let alone 60s.
Imagine being such a worthless piece of shit that you can't simply move past a conversation without expressing your anger through violence. Just screams insecurity.
Imagine being the principal and classmates. The princi will be known as 'murder school Princi'. The classmates of the murderer and victim will carry heavy heart for a long time. I guess the counselors are working on them right now
Imagine being their teachers. The amount of stress that's gonna come after this. So poor thing.
Imagine calling government bootlickers when it is well known to be the most anti-government Singaporean forum out there. Lmfao
IMAGINE GERRYMANDERING A NEW GRC JUST TO LOSE IT IMMEDIATELY TO WP edit SO BAD LULW
imagine getting a call from the police that your 16 year old son killed another student in school. I don't know how i would react to that. I think most people have an automatic response to loss of kin not saying its easier to deal with but what about notification of murder, how does one even respond to that.
Imagine getting offended by someone drinking water to quench their thirst, all while having faith in their so-called omnipotent deity. Shows how fragile the foundations really are but in come the mental gymnastics and special pleading.
Imagine getting paid $660k a year to be able to mess everyone's lives and enjoy your own I am being sarcastic
Imagine if 1 year ago instead of mass hiring SDAs and Tray Return ambassadors, they actually started recruiting for health care workers. Fast forward one year later and you will have a group of people who are actually skilled and helping with the situation. But no, you have this big group of people who have basically learnt zero skills for the past year, contributed nothing to the society and their sole purpose is to pad unemployment numbers.
Imagine if a parent finds out that the school gave an education on how to have protected sex between two males
Imagine if Malaysia and Indonesia are mortal enemies, and Singapore leaders, instead of remaining neutral, try to actively form a nuclear defence treaty with Indonesia despite repeated warnings from Malaysia that they will use military intervention if we do so. I think it's fair to say that would warrant the use of the word senseless
Imagine if one day, some Malaysian political demagogue claims that their politicians crazily or mistakenly kicked us out in 1965 and use that to justify retaking what is theirs .
Imagine if Singapore leaders were like Najib Razak, corrupt as fuck and effectively pro Malaysian. Singaporeans wanted to have closer ties to Indonesia but after negotiations all, the pro Malaysian PM rejected it. Singaporeans go to Hong Lim park to protest and starts getting more angry. Instead of negotiating, the PM sends troops and police to attack and quickly turn it to a revolution. the PM flees to KL and a new government is formed. Then Malaysians decided to exploit the situation by mysteriously sending in Malaysian looking green men to occupy pulau Ubin and Pedra Braca to 'protect' the Malaysians there Don't ask why got so many Malaysians there, but you can look up at how the Soviet Union deprived the Crimean Tatars of their homeland . The Singapore army cmi and couldn't stop it. They even set up a referendum that didn't have any international recognition to plus chop annex it into Malaysia. Singapore learned their lesson and modernise the military with Indonesia's help. In 2019, former actor and comedian Gurmit Singh, who became popular as fuck playing Phua Chu Kang, a contractor that got accidentally elected PM after getting viral complained about corruption, ran for parliament and became PM. Gurmit parents got malay blood actually and grew up in Malay speaking bedok. He wants a peaceful resolution with Malaysia but some of the demands are too much for Singaporeans. Then suddenly, Malaysia start having military exercises in Johor and masses tons of military units near the causeway, PM Gurmit ask people to chill and Malaysian government to continue to negotiate in peace while ask for more assistance from Indonesia. He ask and ask but Malaysian PM goes on TV talking about Malay land and how Singapore used to belong to Malaysia etc. Turns out he just wants Singapore because it was part of Malaysia's sphere and nothing will stop him. PM Gurmit still ask for peace and Indonesia sound out that they know Malaysia decided to invade already. And then Malaysia straights up invade anyways and but still stuck at woodlands and Yishun and PM Gurmit refused to evacuate to Batam, and Malaysia got sounded out by the international community for straight-up invading a sovereign nation. Imagine that.
imagine if they'd shown them the 10,000 note and tell them the value of it in rupees.
Imagine if this thing happened in Indonesia. All of Singapore would collapse with the dependence on helpers and their so called boycotts. Regular people have no say in this
Imagine invading Malaysia. I had a lot of good times there, not just in the country but with the people. They always give way on the roads, not like Singaporeans, always chiong to don't know where. Many friends I know have family there especially Chinese, I don't know why Lee Kuan Yew said it like Chinese people don't have family there .
Imagine saying all that while wearing a jasmine garland around your neck, at a podium on a stage, in front of a large crowd with flags and banners.
Imagine saying all that while wearing a jasmine garland around your neck, at a podium on a stage, in front of a large crowd with flags and banners. while wearing white shirt edit rewriting to have a better punchline for joke
imagine taking a piss and minding your own business and suddenly some giant dude comes up behind you and start attacking you with an axe
Imagine the uproar if Singapore would have mandatory retirement savings on top of cpf to fund a proper pension system.
Imagine waking up to a monke sitting in your sofa afrer climbing up the side of the building and going in to your house, i would probobly offer it food
Imagine what our invaders can do Surrender and we won't bomb your million dollar HDBs. Oh we will throw in a few thousand dollars
imagine what they think about the average person and their kids behind closed doors, what a toxic work culture
Imagine you run for the emergency button and he senses it, then whips his head towards you and you break out in a sweat, fumbling to lift the cover and press the button. He starts walking towards you and you're paralysed. Everyone comes to your aid and his inner John Wick is activated. Everyone is now a victim and you're filled with fear. You and the button remain untouched, unlike everyone else on their last train ride.
Imagine your MP being the guy who said How much do you want? Do you want three meals in a hawker centre, food court or restaurant?
Imagining that they have experienced their hard earned money getting damaged from the rain just breaks my heart
Import more you clowns. We had this under control and for what? Everything is becoming undone now.
In 1986, then Minister of National Development Teh Cheang Wan was being investigated for corruption. He committed suicide before he was charged.
In 2010, the law had changed and under the amended law, offenders who were convicted of capital offences but were under 18 years old at the time of the commission of their crimes, would be sentenced to life imprisonment instead of the President's Pleasure. They would be required to serve at least 20 years before they can be reviewed for possible release.
In a democracy, the leadership is chosen by the citizens, the only way to replace it, is to replace the citizens.
In a dialog session between the karaoke lounge owners and Shanmugam. He literally said but think of the REITs many Singaporeans have their life savings in REITs.
In a Singaporean context it's like if Gurmit Singh became PM and lead a credible defence against a foreign aggressor.
In a war, Hamilmah will transform into an autobot and save us all because we all know her core skill is transforming into whatever is convenient. actually she will transforms into an ostrich and stick her head in the mud.
In a way, payraise works. Just to which extend and how much is enough to attract conversion into that industry. Practically it still takes time to train converted manpower from other industry. Without actual trained personnel retained, things wouldn't work. Also funny they provided contract positions to those emergency hire. Very few will make the sacrifice and switch career to a contract position. Sorry bout the rant, just a commoner that need some regular histamines but my family clinic gotten ultra overwhelmed
In AD 2020 election was beginning. Lee Hsien Loong What happen? HSK Someone set us up the scandal. People's Action Party We get signal. Lee Hsien Loong What! People's Action Party Main screen turn on. Lee Hsien Loong It's you! WP How are you gentlemen? WP All your GRC are belong to us. WP You are on the way to destruction. Lee Hsien Loong What you say! WP You have no chance to survive make your time. WP . People's Action Party Lee Hsien Loong! Lee Hsien Loong Move every Minister. Lee Hsien Loong For great KPI. Just a shitpost passing through
In addition, over 50% of gay men and almost 75% of lesbian women reported that they were victims of psychological IPV Breiding et al., 2013 . Breiding et al. 2013 identified that 4.1 million people of the LGB community have experienced IPV in their lifetime in the United States. From my experience working with LGBTQ advocacy groups in Singapore, a key reason is that the victims have limited avenues to seek help, especially if they are not out and risk rejection from friends and family if they were to reveal their relationship by reporting assault from same-sex partners. The perpetrators may also threaten to out them to their family if they don't accede to their demands, which further traps them in that abusive relationship. Yeah, that seems like a good explanation and it's terrible that this happens.
In America, the best way to afford a house is to buy two and rent out the second.
In America, this would have been 20+ shots and a reload then 20+ more shots. Just seeing one shot and the situation being neutralized means they know how to actually shoot and what they are doing.
in another incident, Ministry of Education told a 16 year old trans student to go for serious so he could change IC though
In another Post about SAP schools specifically, a former student actually said, that SAP students are less racist than what people make them out to be. I wasn't really familiar with the environment, but thanks for bringing this up.
In another video they briefly mentioned that you could get a whole load of eggs, milk and rice for that kind of money. I think you can even go to the cinema as well. Interesting how they quantify it by looking at necessities
In any case, your head of state having to physically fight is a strategically dumb thing to happen. It's great for the war theatrics, but it likely won't end in a good outcome.
in Asia, on broad structural factors, Singapore's probably the best place for a kid to be born. 1. Good education - but stressful, but this is more on the family or parents 2. Good healthcare and safe so risk of death is low - but Korea or Japan or Taiwan are also pretty good 3. Good governance and low corruption - you grow up knowing that the police force, teachers and people in power are 'mostly' reliable. A kid grows up with good impression of authority figures generally.
In before mentions that AHTC is the most corrupt scandal to have ever happened in the history of our nation
In case anyone is still wondering why we are taking such a line However, unless we as a country stand up for principles that are the very foundation for the independence and sovereignty of smaller nations, our own right to exist and prosper as a nation may similarly be called into question one day. Russia's invasion of Ukraine poses an existential threat to us, as we do not want the international order to become one in which might makes right. It is thus not surprising we take this line, and I for one am in full support of us doing so.
In chinatown and didnt feel anything, but then again i had just woken up and am really blur in the morning
In fact it's the US that pressured Indonesia to drop their Russian jet purchase and buy US and French jets instead.
In Hillview. My mom just broke a ceramic bowl. She's muttering why the bowl fell by itself.
In Indonesia being Malay is actually not tied to religion. In MY and Singapore yes it's seen as an ethnoreligious group, but in Indonesia there are quite a number of Malay Christians and Buddhists.
In Judaic religions the proselytizing is baked into the doctrines themselves. Judaism doesn't do any proselytizing at all.
In my 25 yrs working career, I have never said anything about my colleague's education. This is in very poor taste.
in my opinion ' cheebye 2.0' because that's what it is, in all but name is just a knee jerk reaction to Singapore's 'perfect' covid record getting ever-so-slightly-tarnished. covid is far worse in the UK, US, Europe, etc. and so many other countries. But, importantly, those countries recognise the necessity of getting the economy back on track, a fast vaccine rollout, and relying on that to navigate a return to normalcy. Hell, the UK has nearly the same proportion of its population fully-vaccinated as Singapore, with 2k+ cases per day, went through 3 lockdowns, and its covid measures have pretty much ceased. Sure, it will definitely be messy, and case numbers won't be in the single digits or zero, but trying to strike a genuine balance balance is far better than this current afraid to lose, all or nothing approach.Aiming for zero cases is foolish and frankly impossible to sustain. We have to learn to live with covid and accept the spikes as part of the price of opening up the economy and trying to return to normalcy. Jumping between the extremes of open and close is just unsustainable and irresponsible. Another de facto lockdown will be fatal to so many livelihoods. And beneath all this, often neglected, is the cost to the mental health of thousands of people who will have to endure increasing social isolation because of an approach to covid that is frankly way too high strung. I'll hopefully live to see another day but I would hate to think of the thousands of others for whom this news will be fatal.
In my opinion best way is to get Parliament to strike 377a down. But I don't think it has enough votes. On WP side I can predict Faisal and Gerald Giam to oppose. Faisal wear white and Gerald one of the key people in the anti repeal movement
in my opinion turning on or off mic shouldn't be an option. mic should be turned on at all times during parliament sitting
in my opinion, people can rent out the property to whoever they want. Rent owners don't only look at current value, they also look at future value of their property as well. Business transactions around the world is also more common when people share the same culture, language. Why do you think Nasi Padang aunties charge Malays lesser compared to other races? Do you think it's illegal as well?
in my opinion, poor financial education shouldn't be blamed on parents or government. If you are between 20s - 30s, your parents are likely not to be well verse in financial planning or investments. Don't spend beyond your means. is probably the best financial advise that most parents can give. As for the government, I don't know if there are anymore things that they can do or want to regarding helping the citizen get financially savvy. Our government is risk adverse, so they will not want to make it too easy for the people to invest lest people anyhow play and get burnt. to be honest it is already much easier to invest nowadays compare to 5-10 years ago. There are many low risk investment options granted those are also low returns like SSB and various robo-invest tool with the major banks. It is really up to each individual to become woke about the need to invest and plan for the future. After recognising that need, it is up to oneself to learn how to invest. Agree that many Singaporeans are not ready to start adulting. Most people who are struggling to make ends meet do not reflect and review their spendings. Do you really need that cup of starbucks or bbt everyday? Do you really need to go chiong or HH every week? Do you really need to blow all your bonus on that Chanel bag? Personally, I wasted a good part of my 20s without savings, struggling to make ends meet and struggling to pay off my university loan. All the while spending as I please and wondering where all my money went to. It wasn't until I started saving for my wedding and house reno that I started to curb those spending. Now I am in my early 30s and just starting out on my investment journey. But hey, better late than never.
In my opinion, the construction workers are a one-time movement issue, bring them in, quarantine, and onboard them. The other pass holders if you noticed, tend to fly back and forth every couple of months. I believe we could have restricted approvals to fly back and forth for this segment, while letting our CMP workers in-country.
in my opinion, the first one wasnt even that great. the best army related show in Singapore still goes to army daze.
in my opinion, those people up there know the reality. However, they chose not to admit especially to the media. Perhaps they still feel that it's possible and necessary to keep some of us ignorant so that they have better control of the situation.
In my time in the 90's we didn't even get sex ed. The girls got to see this slideshow of the female reproductive system followed by watching a video on the projector of a straight on shot of a baby making it's exit from a woman's vagina. A reminder.this was in the 90's where we could not even look up this kinda material at all If it's intended purpose was to scare girls into not having sex.it didnt work.if the purpose was to scare girls into not having kids.it worked really well.
In NL we're also 1h off and yet we're on top here, so I don't think that necessarily matters?
In ns? Some of us have to live with this our entire careers. Boss gathers the ri or rgs or rjc posse and everyone else is an outsider.
In other cities, people may have roommates living with them to reduce housing costs. I live in Silicon Valley. Let's just say that roommates bring down the rent of a room with no attached bathroom to the equivalent of Singapore rental for an entire HDB flat. It's not fun when you have to pay SGD 1.7K++ for a room you share toilet and common spaces with 2-3 other people , when HDB rental in Singapore is like SGD2K for a 2 bedroom apartment. In fact, my HDB monthly mortgage is way less than the rental I pay for my place in the States. edit Before people say salary there high , let me just say that there's more to SV than just software engineers. There are people working in non-tech industries, like construction or civil service. They aren't getting that big fat SV salaries some get as low as $50k a year .
In polytechnic i had a malay classmate who was atheist and she got kicked out of the house for it and lost her ability to graduate as a result of needing to find full time work to support and house herself. Eventually she found her way out of singapore by marrying an american and now she identifies as hispanic to fit into the american society. I kinda feel bad that she will never feel like she fit in anywhere
In Portland, OR a few years back a couple of guys tried to defend a Muslim woman on the MAX public train who was being attacked and they got both their throats slit and killed by the attacker.
in reservist and wfh, I have the same habit. I just sleep whenever I can
In school, yes. Outside of school, I heard of a few during my times but never ever saw them on the news. Only 1 incident out of many slashing incidents I know got onto the news. One of my juniors in my CCA got half of his hand chopped off in a gang fight. It was in the news cause one hidden genius who stayed in the void deck found the severed hand and decided to keep it in the freezer so they can sew it back later. And they did sew it back. I tried searching for articles on it, can't seem to find the article now. I would say, from my own experience, this is very common in the early 2000s actually. In my school, I know some people who hide knives and smaller parang in their schoolbags and even my teachers were scared. I am considered a more naturally athletic geek type in school who doesn't find trouble and yet even gotten involved in several fights in secondary school with weapons pointed at me once just 'cause people think I'm guai lan. Not speculating this involved gang stuff. Just saying. knifing people in secondary sch seems more common during my time, or maybe my area.
In Singapore, each race is linked to specific religions and also the other way round, except for Christianity unless linked to Eurasians or ang mohs . Many wrongly assume homophobia in Singapore is mainly due to Christianity but some other minority racial or religious groups with own unrelated issues or grievances are even more opposed to homosexuality just less vocal and less platforms to express . From conversations with fellow minorities, repealing 377A may make some interact less with Chinese and more willing to pursue own grievances or issues with more aggressive courts or even radical or violent means.
In Singapore, no such things as ample sleep or work life balance because some bosses just don't know what is personal time or boundary. Other than that, worrying bout the cost of living or constant work deadlines ain't helping.
In Singapore, while more people are becoming irreligious, Catholicism and Christianity has been rising since 1980. The ones losing people is Buddhism and Taoism which contributed to the increased rate of irreligiosity.
In such situations, is it appropriate to text 71999 instead of calling 999? Or report on SGSecure? I know it's probably not a terrorist incident, but still, it is an emergency that needs police help.
in telok ayer area, my colleague and i felt the building swaying from side to side, drinks also moving. thought we both suddenly had vertigo.
In that case, you will be happy to know that I said that you are not against the LGBTQ community in my original post.
In the end they're still both dances. Are people forced to like your dance simply because it's culture?
In the full video, old uncle said he usually see 1, 2 and 10 denomination rupees. The largest he has seen was 500. So holding a banknote worth 110 rupees is quite amazing.
In the US, gay neighbours actually increase property value in liberal areas. My family rented out to a couple gay tenants over the last few years. They were pretty neat and clean while my straight housemate was pretty lupsup I joined a LGBTQ housing fb group and their houses all look damn neat and clean
In the US, you can kick your kids out of the house at 18. Not so much here in Asia.
In the USA it is called an excessive use of force but treated as suicide by cop and the cops get a free vacation
In theory , the investments Brunei have made overseas akin to Norway's oil investments and Sgs temasek is meant to kept us afloat. However this is opaque, and the public doesnt really knows how much is there, how much is left, and how much it generates in profits. We are wooing FDI. So far it looks like the real answer to that is China, whom we have grown alot closer to during the past 5 years. We have rights in the SCS we keep quiet about in exchange for China's sweet sweet BRI influence. Most countries are doing this in the region really, not just Brunei. They've built the longest bridge in SE Asia for us recently. The Brunei Temburong bridge. Those who don't want to get on with the program will try to leave but then realize that opportunities within the country are still much better than out.
In this case can still be taser right? But I see the POs look like they drawing for firearms ready unless kena tase from offscreen
In this sub i always hear people say oh not many serious cases so lets open up fully! Anyone who suggests caution gets downvoted to oblivion and scolded. Look, this is basically what you want.
in this thread a circle jerk about teaching People's Action Party a lesson in all truthfulness what the opposition is doing is what's known as . Feeding off the scraps and hoping to survive. Trying to fight by saying we aren't really good at our job but vote for us so People's Action Party, even though they have always won by doing a consistent good job, will consistently do a good job even though we don't really matter since we acknowledge that People's Action Party is going to win. See the stupidity in this?
in this thread people be like it's optional to have kids, it's optional to have weddings, it's optional to have hobbies. Like that of course you can retire at 50 la.
in this thread people crying for lifting covid restrictions wondering why ER wait times are so long, while thinking money can solve everything. I hope you all have to go through the same shit I did. And all of you will deserve it.
in this thread So many people speculating left right, and centre and politicising everything. Our education system sucks la, too stressful la, school trying to withhold information to save face la etc. Can we be better than this. The people involved here are minors and real human lives are affected. There's a time and place for discourse but please don't speculate.
in this thread Young people speculating that old people who already MR long ago would not take part in combat.
in turn, you are fetishizing the idea of the warrior-monks. They exist, but are also rare and definitely very, very rare among 18 year-olds conscripts. Actual warrior-monks have gone extinct, because they are steamrolled by Lev e en masse armed with firearms. Since the French Revolution time, the predominant way to dominate was Lev e en masse armies drunk on ideologies. It is the surviving generals who had the time to become warrior-monks, write and sell memoirs.
In UK, my lecturer always emphasised on patient's right and ensuring the doctor-patient relationship and confidentiality is not taken advantaged off. Even as a medical student, you have to clarify and fully explain your intention before carry out any history taking or examination. We also require patient's consent before we could proceed. Compared to Singapore however, I find the local medical students here tend to be aggressive when handling the patients. Most patients here do not realised they could decline the lecturer or student's request and are often pressured to be examined. The medical students in NUH are impressive when it comes to medical knowledge but they do not possess the necessary soft skills and empathy when talking to a patient. From my observation, they tend to be clockwork in their questioning and often fail to realised when said patient is uncomfortable. Even some of the qualified medical professional are not exempted from such behaviour. During ward rounds, the doctor in charge would take the patient's chart and discuss extensively about the patient's disease without acknowledging the patient in front of him. I could feel the patient's uneasiness as his medical history is shared among the students and patients nearby without his consent. Sometimes patients are reduced into case history and statistic rather than a human being. Often in discussion, they would address patients by using their diseases rather by their name. In UK, we would get into huge trouble if we do not respect the patient's wishes but not much in Singapore. If you are planning to do elective in Singapore, you need to be wary about the competitiveness of local medical students. Due to limited patients in the ward, the students can get territorial when searching for interesting cases. In my group, there were some students voluntarily withheld information by asking the patients not to speak to other students besides themselves. I think it was selfish and insanely childish for people to keep interesting cases to themselves. I did not hang out much with the local students in my group and instead I joined with the international students. Most international students also expressed similar concerns like mine so we ended up became best buds throughout the whole elective although we were from different departments. One thing I do like about NUH is their teaching sessions. They hold a lot of seminars in the hospital and everyone including the doctors is encouraged to join the seminars. They have discussion on interesting cases, new procedures and techniques, drugs, etc. You could even join seminars that do not belong to your department. I think I probably joined like 3-5 seminars each week and you learn something new everyday.
In Ukraine, that's precisely what's happening. Elderly people fighting. I won't be surprised if our grandparents are even more garang. They would have lived through World War Two, and know very well what they have to lose if Singapore is ever invaded and occupied.
In US, they recommend you not use the phone in event of active shooter, as the shooter may locate you through the locations you shared on online social media sites.
Inb4 a certain salty as fuck redditor starts bitching about us complaining that Mothership or sgag is stealing this content.
Inb4 pappy 1 Use pofma 2 Freudian slip excuse 3 Blames opposition Or 4 Deploys Internet Brigade
Inb4 spending 1 month's salary on the engagement ring. Then realising you're out of cash, and spending less than half a month's salary on the wedding rings. Priorities, people. Financial Health House Wedding and Rings
Inb4. Long q everywhere in singapore as people rush to dine in for the last time and to stock up before Sunday.
Incidents like these are usually when the tiny countries like ours come out of the woodwork to score cheap geopolitical points. That's why you see completely irrelevant countries like Botswana and Fiji joining in to denounce and or or impose a couple of sanctions here and there. At the end of the day we did something, I just thought it was a little weak to jump in so late considering this is one of those times where the risk of upsetting anyone of importance is extremely low. I'd wager even China wouldn't hold it against us if we came out right behind the big UN or NATO countries and chirped a little.
indeed this guy would fit well in a boys school, crazy shit and shenanigans 24 or 7
Indeed, I doubt the scholar track can really produce world class leaders like Zelendsky law grad, comedian, business owner and the Kyiv mayor boxing champion, PhD , who have the bravery and intelligence to leverage social media to fight the war.
Indeed, what I am saying is that as a result you'd expect that a sense of superiority is generated and the same social situation you describe. If you put students in groups that are equal in different levels, there's one assumption you can make, the next level is superior and the previous level is inferior you are assigning a number of a student's worth, the fact that mothers around go measure their children against others and that some people are not nice to others is expected from such system there was an experiment, where some kids were told they were better, and they performed better and simply treated poorly the kids that were told they were worse, you are doing the same and it will express in social circles. Now if that number determines your worth, keeping yourself surrounded with those with same numbers or better will keep you high on the hierarchy, because you know the system better and keep an advantage so you expect rejection of lower numbers. When this number, this place, determines your whole future?. it's only to expect that parents and students would be fierce on this, you surround yourself. But yes I guess the system is pretty ingrained at this point, I myself was born in like the old British system, which sucks due to scorekeeping, but now I think differently but the whole post you make or it's just what would be expected as a result, that's how society reacts to scales.
Indeed. I wonder why our perception of time changed. Half an hour recess felt long in primary school. We still have time after eating to play soccer in the basketball court.
Indeed. In fact we should support them instead, given they are anti-war. But I do think it is correct to shun those who do support the invasion.
Indeed. Once Muhamad Faisal changes his mind on this, the People's Action Party will surely move on the issue!
Indeed. The views are insane. But it would be over crowded and abused quickly. Maybe have a limit to number of public that can access it per day or something. Can't even pay for it now since it's closed to public.
India and Indians are trying to play victim by whipping out racism card but being selfish pricks at the same time infecting every other countries by flying in and out. Government is at fault for allowing this too.
India and russia have a special historical relationship. Its not just another customer. However Never understood why malaysia and indonesia chose russia over US or EU made military equipment. Maybe its just because of Israel. Oh well their loss, our gain.
India does have much beef in fact its one if the largest exporters of beef I think
India has control over their air space. You think they give a shit about what other countries think if there's no economic impact to them? According to you, India is attempting to deny diplomatic humanitarian flights because it isn't commercial flights by Air India. If this is true, no wonder India is in such a sorry state now. However, I don't think the Indian government is this stupid. They may have stirred Hindu nationalism, they may have mismanaged the whole shit, some in India may have touted cow shit as a covid cure, but I'm sure they have some basic sense of diplomacy and international relation not to be so stupid to block repatriation flights over reasons this stupid. The stupid person is you. Also remember, no one stopped diplomatic Vande Bharat flights last year when their government wanted to return their people to safety, at least not over anything this stupid like the bloody airlines used and whether their national carrier gets to profit in a fucking humanitarian situation! Please don't make India sound like a fucking joke. The covid hell is enough of an embarassement already. And I agree there are calls for fairer distribution of flights - USA, Europe all made challenges to India's rule and got exemptions to fly. Singapore didn't, possibly because of political reasons. I'm not going to repeat since you are too thick to differentiate commercial flights and diplomatically organised flights. Go ahead and waste Air India's money then. We don't have much citizens left and we already banned people with work passes. Most Indians working here wouldn't be hopping to go back to covid hell. You can enjoy seeing them flying commercially untenable empty flights all they want, twice a day. You can see them bleed the money, pay the parking fees in Changi Airport, and pay for the fuel to fly here. You want Air India to make even more losses? Go ahead. Be my guest. edit apologies for wrongly assuming the redditor's nationality.
India has historically been non-aligned to superpowers. They only follow UN sanctions and didn't enforce unilateral US sanctions on Iran until Trump twisted their arm and Modi wanted to remain BFF with him.
India is damm big, what if they are spread out across the different cities of India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh?
India is not allowing SQ flights so it's not a matter of whether SGP government wants to launch or charter flights. What I can find is a news article calling for fairer distribution of special bilateral air bubble fights between Air India and foreign airlines, which is fair. But on what international law basis could India ban repatriation flights ? On what basis can India detain foreign nationals by preventing their government from repatriating their citizens? Ban repatriation and trap foreign nationals because it's not Air India? How ridiculously nationalistic and unlawful could this be? Even China allowed us to repatriate people from the origin of this whole pandemic Wuhan with our planes, and India is going to play this nationalistic garbage to prevent us from repatriating citizens from the literal covid hell? This is not about commercial flights where its fair to give Air India their share of revenue. What I am referring to are diplomatic flights that no country have much rights to deny. These repatriation flights are as good as diplomatic flights and India has no reason to ban it for filmsy profit related reasons. non citizens and PRs with travel history to India According to some ICA advisory someone else posted here, under returning SC or PR lane, PRs are not banned. And how can PRs living in India come back as you said, while there is a ban on PRs with travel history to India? It's contradictory. There's also cargo movement from these flights which are vital to SGP. As of now, if there's anything so urgent that it could not be shipped, it's from us to them, like the oxygen supplies and medical supplies. If they want to play nationalism and refuse medical supplies on SQ planes, it's up to them.
india is the ultimate double agent .it's the only country that calls both the USA and Russia it's allies and is able to purchase weapons from the both of them.funny how nobody has asked them to pick a side yet.
Indian education system and the meritocracy that has enabled them. The one where people can just print a falsified certificate and use it overseas?
Indian here. It can get you 1 loaf of bread, 1 litre of milk and 5 eggs. Or 11 packets of ramen.
Indian here. Thanks for the help with the o2 concentrators and liquid o2 guys. India will make it out of this disaster eventually and until then pls keep us in your prayers. Travel bans and any other precautions are upto the governments but better safe than sorry. One needs to protect their own house before choosing to help others. If you have the ability to help out more directly then please use the resources on this page
Indian national here. Hinduism technically makes reference to homosexuality in scripture, but that doesn't make contemporary Indian society largely accepting of it. Even while the law has been repealed, thanks to the good sense of the Supreme Court, who believe in the fundamental right of a citizen to be who they want to be , the majority are still not pro-LGBT. The third gender is often brought up as proof of Indian acceptance of the LGBT community, but they are still deeply ostracized. There's a really good movie from the 90s, which explores this, Tamanna the whole movie is on youtube, amazing! The anti-LGBT stance is driven mostly by the ick factor among conservative crowds, despite what scripture says. It's important to recognize that religious texts don't actually matter to most people, even if they say they do. Folks often just defend what they know and grew up with, and slap the label of their religion on it, to justify their stance. In this case, what the majority defend is the traditional union of man and woman, bolstered by an unhealthy culture of hypermasculinity that penalizes anything non-cis-het. India's repeal isn't because of Hindu dharmism. The repeal was decidedly progressive and secular.
Indian tenants have to deal with way more than Chinese tenants, that's for sure. I'm Indian, I'm a renter, and it's really bad for Indians, no denying that. There is unfortunately a lot of rental racism apologia on this thread, couched in excuses like landlord preference , protecting investments . There is the sad reality that a significant chunk of Singaporean landlords rely on lazy stereotypes way too much, and have perceptions of tenant 'quality' based on race, country of origin, SES, and whichever foreigner group is the bad people in the popular zeitgeist. In the early 2010s, it was the PRC folks. In the mid 2010s, it was the Filipinos. Discrimination against Indian tenants have been quite consistent all throughout. White expats aren't automatically exempt either. I have Russian friends who get the short end of the stick, because they're not seen as the cooler kind of ang moh. Navigating rentals in Singapore is weird.
Indicative of a deeper problem which this country faces we don't have a deep bench of statesmen. Suppose if god forbid, the entire cabinet today dies from a plane crash, we are fucked. As much as we enjoy mocking the Americans, they have a stream of politicians who are more or less capable of taking over, what with 50 governors for every state. We don't have that capacity.
Indonesian Chinese ethnicity here. Just wanna way that I absolutely agree with you and your feelings are justified. Over here in Indonesia me as a Chinese ethnicity go through the racism and discrimination very often, but that does not mean the majority of us Chinese ethnicity don't do the same to the indigenous people. Every race has some racist people, but also some are not. What I've learnt is that sadly I will always be minority here and I will forever suffer from this as long as I live in Indonesia. Not only from public but also from some government instances. Imagine one of my ex coworker said to me yall Chinese eat pork no wonder yall so stupid. I was so offended. But I am really grateful that most of my friends I've met are not very racist people. I'm grateful that my friends and I are open minded enough that sometimes we try to make some racism joke to kinda entertain and shrug it off. Now I try to tell myself people who are racist are basically assholes, and assholes always exists everywhere. Sorry my writing is all over the place I just wanna say stay strong and I believe that moving on more and more people will be less racist and discriminating. PS you express yourself really well through text, great writing.
Indoor masks don't work unless you are using the N95. Its so baffling that 2 years since, people still do not understand that covid spreads via aerosol. Surgical and cloth masks are only useful for stopping water droplets. Considering you are comparing one of the countries with the strictest restrictions vs one that is back to normality, 2.5x increase in numbers actually does not show that restrictions are working. What about london, UK? They are removing almost every measure left and have 442 cases per 100,000. Football stadiums packed to the brim for almost a year, back closer to normalcy than we will ever get this year. You would think those are super spreader events right? So why are their cases per 100,000 less than 2x that of Singapore's, when they have 10x more freedom? These restrictions have little to no use in preventing the spread of covid. Only thing they do is provide huge inconvenience to people so that they will think twice or trice about going out. Also factor in the fear in the poplulation of the virus. people think covid is dangerous. Which will also naturally result that in more of them locking themselves at home.
Influence quality. He has a good reputation from ages ago that still works for him, other influencers to help him.
Influencers be like publicly call out racism! And privately make racist comments against other races other than their own. See how BLM is and Africans are racist toward Chinese too. So to influencers unlike the OP, stop the majority and minority BS just to propogate yr own agenda.
Innocent until proven guilty else it breaches doxxing laws and would potentially prevent him getting a fair trial, though this is pretty cut and dry.
Instead of diversity friendly I suggest a racist tag, makes life easier for us Indians in my opinion
Instead of letting healthcare workers take leaves and be short of manpower for a few days, you opt for them to resign and be short forever. Galaxy brain moves by the management. Maybe we should judge managers by their attrition rates instead. Also whatever happened regarding the SGH nurse who committed suicide. So long still investigating? Are we still not allowed to speculate or is SGH just waiting for more of their nurses to take their lives? Funny how mistakes by lower level employees get quickly investigated and solved but those from higher levels get conveniently swept under the rug. Disgraceful.
Instead of raising the pay and lessen the hours as they should have done to attract more locals into the field so there was enough manpower.the quick fix solution was to hire foreign staff to fill the void.at a cheaper price. And this is what we get left with. people who head overseas to better opportunities in the west or people who are tired of the conditions and head back home to their countries. I see the same thing happening in childcare line also, instead of making it easier for teachers to teach and have a better work life balance.their idea was to implement a quality framework.send preschool teachers for training .and when it didnt stop people from leaving.now try to attract mid career switch people and even men into the profession. It's just all very tone deaf when the people in charge are from ivory towers.
Instead of raising the pay and lessen the hours as they should have done to attract more locals into the field so there was enough manpower.the quick fix solution was to hire foreign staff to fill the void.at a cheaper price. Is it really about the pay, in my opinion it's also about the image that we inherited from the previous generation. people would rather work in cushy office jobs that pays better and looks better. I'm not sure about the nursing course entry now but my year, it was 28 points to the nursing course in NYP to get people in and then again people would still rather retake O's or go to ITE then nursing. The older generation in-grained this negative image on to us and in turn we shun nursing and discriminate against them, we look at SARs and we also look at covid. Parents of students that are starting to enroll into nursing also have this image against them. We can change this now by changing of what we think about them but that change is going to only affect the next generation years away. I'm sure this going to kenna alot of downvotes but you know that I speak the truth.
Intention isn't really the issue. I think offence can only be taken, not given. The offensiveness of a stetement is determined by the person it offends. We can absolutely take offence with an absolutely innocent statement that was given without the intention to offend. What we have to do, is ask ourselves why the statement is offensive to us. If the statement has implications that belittle or demean other people, then our offence is justified and we should confront the person to help them understand why their statement is offensive. What I'm trying to say is, that it is possible to be offended wrongly . That is, to take offence without justification. It is incredibly difficult to determine if offence is justified because taking offence is usually a very quick emotional response. We hardly have time to trace the origin of our anger before it clouds or judgement. So yes, I agree that sometimes, we can be quick to take offence. And sometimes, our offence may not be justified. That doesn't mean that it's OK to make any statement you like. It's not just about the intention of the statement. It's possible to hurt people without intending to. Sometimes our innocent statements may carry subconscious bias that we may be unaware of. And we need to be called out. I believe that with open discussion, and respectful sharing of opinions, we can get a clearer understanding of what kind of statements are justifiably offensive, and what kinda of statements are innocent. Finaly, after years of pseudo racial harmony, we are finally asking thses hard questions. We are finally trying to find a way to live together in a multi cultural society. Its exciting, but also scary, because things that were long suppressed are coming to light. We have a long way to go. We have alot of subconscious bias to unpack. We have alot of different opinions to listen to. Hopefully everyone will be heard. And we can come a common understanding.
Interesting perspective. This seems different from the recent saga when a Singaporean Indian is scolding India Indian.
Interesting POV. But for my grandmothers case, they said that each child is an extra pair of helping hands so they had more kids. They let the elders take care of the younger ones, reuse everything for them regardless of gender, etc. I'm sure there were many ladies out there who didn't wanted so many children then but didn't have the choice to say no due to limitation of birth controls, tradition, family pressure and other reasons. I'm glad that like most women out there now, I'm able to make these decisions for myself.
Interesting site! Thanks for sharing. Still lower than the overlap with Maybe that explains the very low overlap with is 0.28 too
Interesting that he never once mentions democracy but instead talks about control government must have. insightful
Interesting! Can you explain to me more when you say, the faint whispers of a real democracy . From my limited knowledge of Singapore, you guys already have a sort of representative democracy right? And I'm hearing a lot about gerrymandering, and if it's anything like the U.S then gerrymandering is a huge problem we have over here. Thanks in advance
Interesting! Never heard of this. So kidnapping, forceful separation, and court dissent were trumped by adherence to a religion forced upon her by her captors. This isn't specific to Islam - Aussie aboriginal relocations and Canadian Catholics treatment of native children education were similar culturally. This is the first concrete religious example I've seen that's not in the Middle East.
Interesting, I do know it's very expensive to live in, but what I like about it is I guess it's where you can find a lot of Singaporeans + it's proximity to places like Yosemite. Would this be applicable to like Seattle and San Diego as well?
Interesting, I've never seen Finsky Vodka in Finland even though it seems to be a Finnish product.
Interesting, thanks for sharing! Yeah that's the thing about personal finance tho, do it too early where the curriculum is more fixed , and no one is at the age where they care enough to listen. But once they're old enough to care, they're either working or in university where they all are on different curriculums
Interesting, though this got resolved, this might be useful to know. thanks for the info
Interesting. In London I used to start work at 7am. Lots of others are happy to start early. But here it's uncommon for an office to start before 9, and many still don't do any real work until 10 or later the first hour seems to be 'settling in' and a bit of chit chat . I'd guess that we would be better off getting adults to start earlier than kids, as we need less sleep than younger people especially teenagers . I wonder how the rise of work from home will impact this long term too.
Interestingly, souvenir shops in Russia do actually sell Putin's pictures. Got them some when I was in Russia
Intern i work until 11pm because no laptop so must go home before last train. after they converted me, work until 4 am. things only improve when i left sme to go to non profit sector. try to find a place with better culture. rare but exists. don't give up.
internal affairs, yeah maybe will be problematic without head of government and state but there is probably 2nd in power to take over. military wise, it wouldnt matter. head of state doesnt command squads and plans attacks.
Interspersed with bouts of crippling depression because you feel trapped because of all the laws and fines and cctvs all around. And also crippling anxiety caused by the fast pace of life and overcrowding everywhere you go, including the parks.
iPhones, fancy cars, dining out. The crazy part is that these are lower quality than the alternatives. The only way to buy these is to be marketed to.
Ironic that my coursemate who's family is fucked loaded dad is the owner of the bedok chwee kueh killed herself.
Ironic that you're the one judging them by assuming it's a waste of money. Wouldn't expect you to be aware of this though.
Ironically cannot close border as GDP affected but apparently ok to spend hundred of billions of reserve to do last min fire fight?
Ironically it's because of Ukraine's constantly improving military might that Russia felt threatened enough to attack. Also, most of Russia's vanguard troops were kids and reservistmen who had no fucking clue what they were sent to Ukraine for. It's not like Ukraine held out against the full might of Russia's professional military. The word is, Russia is just expanding cannon fodder to make the Ukrainians waste their ammo before they send in their actual professional military
Ironically it's posts like these that are giving him the free marketing needed for him to make it pt 2
Ironically, the KFC I had in the US was even worse than Singapore I can see why it gets memed about there. Amen! KFC sucks over here.
is basically an sjw's wet dream. Just hive mind loud enough and you won't be able to hear any logic that you don't want to accept
Is Ben Leong as bad as Calvin? His FB posts have been rather balanced although he is for the ruling party.
Is english the standard language in singapore? It seemed like it was his second language but then that confuses me as to why they would be debating in english?
Is he still your husband? How do yall compromise differing beliefs because he is not allowed to marry you without you converting according to islamic law.
is He Ting Ru very popular? She's definitely v clever and would win my vote instantly, but I always thought compared to other WP candidates, she wasn't as visible to the population or even WP supporters. Was I wrong?
is intentionally misleading Yeah I agree the y-axis argument is silly. But what about annual death statistic? Did our annual death pre 2018 and post 2019 actually shows a significant increase? Reason I said that is because the data here seems pretty obvious. Elderly are vulnerable to covid. Yeah that is true. But elderly are not just vulnerable to covid only. If the annual death toll doesnt shows a significant increase, that is essentially just dodging one bullet only to be hit by another as everyone is rolling against the dice constantly every breathing moment when they are in the 80+ age group.
Is it compulsory for Malay to be Muslims here? I have been wondering for the longest time. I had an Iranian coursemate that came over to marry his Chinese gf. I'm not sure either if the gf will be required to convert.
Is it gang related or something? He owed money? Is that a thing still? Because saying he was fine and not wanting medical assistance and having nothing to do with it after seems like the guy might be part of a larger group he is scared of.
Is it graded? Do you think making it part of the tested school curriculum, will be more effective towards instilling those lessons into the youth? It is as graded as Adam Khoo's workshop. To be fair, making it graded will just result in how fluff subjects like Social Studies or Project Work gets studied through mugging, regurgitating and following model answers .
Is it ok to write to MPs who aren't our own, though? As far as I know, my MPs are very anti-LGBT.
Is it possible to have food delivered to the hospital? Or have someone employed at the hospital make food runs? There's no reason for those workers to go hungry, good god
Is it really so bad in Singapore? US here, and while I've never paid much attention it always seemed like you guys had some sort of utopia tech central, unique real estate situation, etc. I get every country has issues but it seems pretty bad there. What has been your experiences?
Is life only about the retirement bliss? Is it not about your childhood, the friends you make, the lovers you had, the time spent with your family, your hobbies, your favourite pastimes? Life isn't easy anywhere on this planet but it's how YOU lead it regardless of the circumstances given to you. Complaining in this manner won't bring us anywhere at all. Perhaps if any of you are so adamant that this country needs to see change, take up a position of responsibility and provide a positive contribution to our society.
Is medical tourism still ongoing. Banning it like in the early days of the pandemic might help. Also raise pay for nurses. Might not affect current senior nurses who are well paid. But it will attract new people and will lighten the burden on existing staff. Conscript women into NS. As they teach in civics class, total defence is more than just military defence. imagine the chaos if people start dying from easily treatable causes because hospitals are overwhelmed. Healthcare was strained even pre pandemic. long waiting times. overworked doctors.
Is not can see the lady to the right of the guys and the one who walked past the camera. Theres a ton of people in the cabin on the right with their eyes on this fight.
Is photo of ART with name and date considered proof? This is the easiest solution, and one that I think is implemented by SAF. Do you know otherwise or are you just speculating? I know a guy who was on Protocol 2 during reservist and he got to stay home. Pretty sure he didn't see a doctor to make it official.
Is ri a better school than other schools? I thought all schools are equally good? Why have different expectations for ri?
Is taking a taxi with 2 people considered a breach since the driver will be the third person?
Is that really a scandal? He's just another snobby Brit still stuck in the early 20th century Empire mindset?
Is that something your school enforces or is it something all schools here have to do? I guess it doesn't take too long so not the worst thing, but summed up over all your studies it probably does waste a few days that could have been spent learning something.
Is that water real, or did you flip the skyline and apply a wave effect? I don't think I've ever seen this area so calm before
Is the prayer and national anthem singing mandatory here? We used to have mandatory religious assembly in every school, but it was usually mid morning and no one ever sang any national anthem as far as I recall.
Is there a difference to the individual defendant if AG publicly announced the change 1 day before the AG sue them?
Is there a graph of proportion of infected by age? It's important because we then can have a feel of how effective the vaccine is! Note I'm not anti Vax. Boosted already. I just want to see how much it protects pretty sure it's at least 90+% considering the amount of people around me who were positive and only had sore throat and cough. But alas, a few anecdotes does not make it statistics
is there a time in singapore's history you can point to which is a better time to have kids? maybe you are too young to have forgotten the uncertainties and strife of decades gone by which we as a nation got through. every generation has its challenges. life is a continuous process of change and challenges we have to overcome. having a child is a deeply personal decision and if you feel its not your cup of tea, then dont! but there will never be an ideal state where the world is all rosy and stress free and the perfect time to have kids - that will NEVER HAPPEN
Is there also text on the staircase leading down to McDonald's encouraging me along the way? You're hungry. Golden Arches. Travis Scott.
Is there any info on the person who recorded? Like did they maybe overheard their conversation bfr the beat down or whatever
Is there anyway out of this abject reality? One more year to graduate before entering the workforce and I want to live a more meaningful and comfortable life.
Is there no mention of shoot to disarm? I guess police have different procedures than army
Is this a off season April fools joke? PS covid salt dragon already evaded responsibility liao, what makes you think he stay back?
Is this a really common thing? My husband might have to move to Singapore for work and we have 3 kids, I've been looking into there schools and I was wondering about this.
Is this proven or just your own opinion? people's mindset can change immediately when the salary is higher. If nurses were earning equal to doctors, you can bet our nursing schools will suddenly see an increase The lure of money can attract many. Of course, whether they will stay is a different matter.
Is this RI or ACS shit even relevant when they go outside Singapore? Who's gonna give a damn about a school in the little red dot?
is this sarcasm? isnt HTR a cambridge educated lawyer who lived in england for like 10 years her chinese name is pian ren one
Is this the business that was formerly on Balestier Rd? Can you post the current location?
Is this the same minister who didn't hear the old man at the market when he was trying to ask for help?
Is this the same minister who never hear that you actually need a space larger than a mattress to conceive and raise children?
Is this the ytf stall at bugis hawker centre? Seldom see ytf stall sell so ex and cannot choose
Is this what happens when Redditors go outside? Making every small thing into something big? The other day I was at the coffeeshop and someone tried to sell me tissue packets, is this the quiet struggle frugalists face?
Is true. I called a woman brain got water after she said she's going to homeschool her daughter if schools mandate vaccination and I got banned quickly.
Is weddings such a big deal? My uncle held a small ceremony with only close family in the actual registration building if I remember correctly, no banquet or anything. My cousin as well just registered her marriage. I didn't even know she got married until we noticed the ring, but she'll probably hold a ceremony later on from what I was told. My family don't care about the dowery, so that's no problem, but if I wanna hold a ceremony and banquet. Well at least my family isn't that big compared to others
Is why antiwork is important. World is run by people who are out of touch with the general population. Whether it's ministers or CEO of companies.
Ismail Sabri is too busy with the upcoming Johor State Election to care, given the mono braincell creature he is.
Isn't 18 years optimistic given the usual age that kids move out these days? Throw in the build-to-order delays and it will take even longer
Isn't 7.5 optimal though? Since you don't wake up in the middle of the REM cycle
Isn't chonky also used like an adjective for big things, mostly animals? Not just fat animals?
Isn't everyone entitled to their own opinion? Anybody here asked themselves why Putin did what he did?
Isn't Hong Lim Park's Speaker Corner closed due to covid? And waiting for it to be reopened would probably take months which means nobody would care about this issue anymore as it fades from the public's attention, making a legal protest pretty much useless.
isn't india a very culturally diverse nation? they could probably be indians who live along the india-pakistan border
isn't it just 1? NCM? Lam Pin Min is just an SMS and Amrin is a PS. edit p.s. change to past tense omegaLUL
Isn't it pretty obvious why? How much negative PR are they going to get if that happens
isn't it weird how you can post a statement like this on facebook where it's seen by hundreds and nothing will happen to you, but if you do it in real life where almost no one sees it you get into trouble. and if you share a defamatory article on facebook you can get sued but if you tell people about the article in real life nothing will happen to you.
Isn't Malaysia technically a theocracy? I mean Islam runs the government and you are born a Muslim.
Isn't one covid and one jab counted as full vax? Can't rmb right, pls correct me if wrong
Isn't that what everyone is doing? But if I go with your easy rule , then shouldn't we stop drug enforcement? Addicts can go do whatever they want as long as they keep to themselves right?
isn't the daily rental reduction of 50% a marketing scheme in itself? i read somewhere in another thread that comfort did fuck all for drivers in the last circuit breaker until they were up in arms. i mean sure, screw grab, but it's a world of oligopolies and we're only trading one devil for another.
Isnt having fewer subjects a good thing? Why would you want more if you're not coping?
Israel is different because their enlistees get to murder Palestinian children and who wouldn't want to do that?
Israelites in the desert. Manna from heaven? It'll put so many grab and food panda riders out of work.
Issokay i'm also not exactly young just that my area of work is with gen z so i hear these terms super often
It absolutely is terrible. I have two friends who had to close up shop. They started out full of hope and optimism. Nothing hurts more than seeing your dreams dashed in front of your eyes.
It absolutely is though. Cumulatively, we are missing out on 4 hours of rest each week and over 1 week and 1 day of rest each year compared to the countries around the 8h sleep mark.
It already exists. Its called e-mailing your representatives or MPS. Also, all of them are on FB. Reach out to them. Unfortunately, for every e-mail that supports this protest there may or may not be 2 e-mails asking to support having 377A remain in Singapore to protect the sanctity of family-values When you are supposed to reflect the will of the people, then what happens? Also, very sure this will be raised as a PQ in parliament next session. We will see what happens during next sitting but I am optimistic.
It also boggles my mind how despite his overseas education he's still so close minded. As someone who studied and is still living overseas, lemme tell you that the truth is sometimes the opposite. There are A LOT of Singaporeans who develop some sort of superiority complex at being more exposed than their suaku countrymen back home. Coupled with a natural tendency or requirement to act more international read angmoh in overseas expat circles means they can tend to act more like a white guy from the American bible belt, especially if they grew up very comfortably middle class.
It also spawned the infamous claim by GCT's wife that $600,000 a year is peanuts. How fucking tone deaf are these people up in ivory towers? If $600k is peanuts, then what about those cleaners on $1k or month, or is that paid gym membership?
It boils down to one thing. All people are self-motivated, but some are much more self-motivated than others. Most people today do not amass obscene amount of wealth or concentrate absolute power to themselves because they care about others. No, to get there, they have to go out of their way to care less about others. Exploit others, eliminate rivals, throw victims under the bus, etc. Obscene wealth and absolute power are general signs to distrust such people. Unfortunately, wealth and power also tends to empower their antisocial behaviours even more. especially when there's no one else in a position to counter and stop them. What you need to expect is not bullshit, because to be honest, bullshit is the byproduct. What you need to expect is what kind of interests they are pushing for themselves and how will that affect you.
It can be done based on your how much you're willing to sacrifice, also don't forget that it should be double the income since you'll be including your spouse. Keep improving yourself career-wise, get good or at least perform decently in what you're working as, get a degree, scale upwards every job jump should potentially get you a 5-15% increase in overall income . Its doable, as long as you keep yourself healthy starting a family in your early 30s is still fine. Dont let the vastness of all these factors bring you down, you can control most of them as long as you plan it out.
It can be done smoother if they open up all entrances, and station someone. It's ludicrous to keep entrances closed.
It can be, creativity is quite broad and subjective. But similar to how we can say that architects are more generally more creative than engineers due to the nature of their respective fields, I think it's fair to say that building a story from a reality that members of that society can empathize or relate with, versus building a compelling story from seemingly thin air at least for me, I can see a clear difference in creativity. He is definitely more creative than the average Singaporean but compared to filmmakers clocking similar ticketing sales, he falls short in my opinion.
It cannot be influenced. I tried to pray the gay or trans away and it did not work. I think that the misconception comes about from people realising they're gay only later in life, sometimes much later in life. All our lives, we only see straight people around us and straight people on TV or in movies. It got a little better with the internet, but you still have to seek it out. If all that you see is straight people and relationships, won't you think that liking someone of the same sex is strange? Wouldn't you try to hide it if you realised you were gay? This concept is called compulsory heterosexuality, formulated by a scholar named Adrienne Rich. Anyway, it means that maybe people you think turned gay just needed time to come to terms with liking people of the same gender. Not everyone manages to accept themselves and come out when they're a teenager.
It could be because when he cried, he was projecting an image of breaking away from the status quo somehow. It could very well be manufactured, but the fact remains that many Singaporeans were successfully moved by it. And if he were really moved to tears by the crisis, then that's even better--we have someone in charge of the country who genuinely cares.
It depends on how you hear the starting of the song and how you spell those 4 words at the start of the song too.
It depends on the context though, if you're defending against an aggressor it's all or nothing. Having your head of state hide in a bunker while conscripts are getting shot at isn't a good look. I'd like to think that if we had a younger head of state, he'd be in the trenches with us but I just don't have that kind of faith in the calibre of the people in the current ruling party. As far as Lee Hsien Loong is concerned, he wouldn't be participating in any defence of the country beyond asking for help and making Strongly Worded Statements.
It does but nothing like the 30+ million doses administered. Many come from the EU and India.
It does look like the rear of ICA to me as well. Less chance of being caught there.
It doesn't matter if you are American, Indian, Chinese, French, Russian, South African, black, white, yellow, green, or orange groups of children will ALWAYS find a reason to ostracize and look down on other children that are different than they are. It doesn't matter WHY, all that matters is that there is a difference. Your experience is the same as others all over the world, regardless or race religion or country of origin. This phase of your life will pass. You will grow up. Keep being who you want to be. You will likely never see these childhood assholes again.
It doesn't sound like Storytel had told you about the sum of the subscription fees in advance. Please try reaching out to your bank to let them know that the charge is unauthorised, if that's the case. For future reference, don't be afraid to say no! You're in a public space, you could walk away. Honestly, what's the worst they could do to you? If they physically try to restrain you from leaving, please don't hesitate to kick up a huge fuss and force them to let you go. You're in a public space, not in a jail cell. If you have problems saying no and to be honest I do too , just shake your head, look away and refuse to engage. edit No is a complete sentence, and there's no problem with saying it! If it makes you feel better, you can say no in a polite tone while smiling so that you don't feel rude, but a no is a no, and that's the end of the discussion. Jiayou
it feels more and more like there is a story underneath what is being mentioned There's always an ulterior motive, it's politics. But this sort of statement is borderline ridiculous. So in 2 weeks the people who got vaccinated today with its second dose will be considered covered how does that change anything? If there is a parade it will be sold as a fantastic achievement of resilience. When in reality it feels like, it's more of the same as they were planning along for the inevitable increases but with a fabricated milestone which could have been reached any other day. It's the idea of progress more than progress itself that's being peddled. Don't get me wrong, I'm all in for people being vaccinated and safe as fast as possible. It's on my own interest. Looking forward to go back, but this news is utter softcore populism.
It gonna hurts, Koi is full of sharp bones all over read news on some maid accidentally cooked a koi and got pictures
It has a long way to go but I don't think it can be any more racist than America or the UK or Australia where simply minding your own business walking down a street gets you yelled and sworn at, or even assaulted simply for not being white. I'm not even quoting some sensationalised news report, it's a lived experience.
it has always been like that , they just got worse at hiding it the pap has always been populist and right-wing, they've just gotten worse at masking it
It has everything to do with the make-up of MOH staffers, and not just the current staffers, but how they choose to recruit the same 'types' over years. The middle management is choke full of PSC scholars who are just rotating through and don't know healthcare. The entry-level is likewise filled with few people who actually know healthcare. Everything to them is a paper exercise - theory without practice. And upper management? That is pretty much cherry picking yes men. I've worked with MOH, and their staffers are just ignorant idiots. I am not surprised at how MOH has planned and executed what they deem long-term planning.
It has to do about sexuality though, the second they wrote heterosexual in the form it had to do with it, and there is disrespect taking place here, not by those who replied to the post but by the group or person in charge who wrote the form aka the government, they are trying to force heterosexuality, and nuclear families. And im not saying that those families and sexualities shouldn't be there. im saying that they are trying to force it on everyone, when it is beyond our control and its a self right to have a sexuality as you are born with it and cant just change it, and for nuclear families, you cant control e.g the death of a spouse or a divorce if both people arent feeling happy with each other.
It hasn't even been a week yet. Ukraine is also far larger in terms of land area compared to Singapore. An adversary could literally shell any point in Singapore from across the causeway.
It honestly sounds a lot like America, except nothing is paid for you at. If you have a minor procedure done, it could bankrupt you. But hey at least we got guns so I can end it before I hit 70
It is 100% legal because the property belongs to the owner. They can decide on any basis whether they want to rent to a given tenant or not and have no legal obligation to rent it out to anyone. It's different from something like discriminatory hiring which can be reported to Ministry of Manpower. It's more so that it's embarrassing that people are still so overt about their racism and xenophobia here. Of course this happens in other countries, but the fact that it's common for this to be explicitly mentioned in rental listings shows how far Singapore is from being a true developed country.
It is a goal that I wanted since young. However, I'm starting to think that it's one I might not be able to achieve. But I guess it's a blessing in disguise since I probably can't afford to do so unless I somehow find a better job.
It is a point though because Russia is attempting to annex Ukraine via aggression, therefore the world has sympathy. The countries the OP listed did not undergo this and there was still plenty of sympathy for those countries anyway?
It is a very common sight in NUH where you can see a lot medical students roaming around the ward in search of interesting cases. Due to the limited number of patients in the ward, students tend to very territorial and competitive to secure interesting cases. During one incident, there were close to 10 students lining up to listen to a patient's heart murmur abnormal heartbeat sounds who suffered from a rare congenital heart disorder. When I gave up my chance of examination to allow the patient to rest, the rest of my group actually questioned my foolishness in forgoing the opportunity of learning a new case. I find Singapore medical students or doctors tend to lack empathy compared to doctors in Malaysia or UK.
It is a waste of money if it isn't a necessity. If your parents are anywhere as bad as OP's then I'd argue it is a necessity.
It is absolutely important! Read my other comment on why I think Singapore's sexuality ed isn't what it should be.
It is already 2022 and not 2002, I can't believe such letters still exist. Like come on, how does homosexuality harm society in any way? It doesn't, it just doesn't. Whoever typed this still has that boomer mindset and needs to experience more in life. Not all heterosexual marriages will always be better than homosexual marriages. There is never ONE STANDARDISED way to live that will guarantee one to live a fulfilling life. Everyone leads a life is that a unique experience and to me, forcing people to live according to societal norms is something only dumb people do. Sorry but what makes you happy wouldn't make another person happy. Vice versa.
It is also pretty hypocritical as well. Most Malays don't live to the fullest extent needed by Islam and more theological states, but then judge others for doing so. Obituary not a Malay or Muslim, but I generally feel all religion suffers from the same problem. If you need religion to feel like a good person, maybe you need to look in the mirror more carefully.
It is Asia my friend. Taiwan is also quite strong against the jobs, even that some of them can get way higher monthly income that the white collar jobs.
It is awfully disgusting of you to see war as purely black and white without any nuances, either that or you lack any critical thinking skills. Wait. You're the one thinking every Russian is helplessly strung along by putin. I'm saying we shouldn't pretend it's not the Russians pulling triggers. Not all of them are against the war, and not all of them are against imperialism. And I'm the one refusing to see nuance? Please go see how many Russian troops have surrendered, and how many Russians are protesting vs their population size.
It is even more ridiculous if they think throwing someone who had never worked the ground for that particular grc to hard carry it 15 mins before the course of nomination against a fairly qualified opposition who had been working hard for the past 10 years. Change will happen with time. If they take the risk of placing their prized assets on the path of change, it will give way in time. It is not even about the star power anymore.
It is immensely frustrating seeing many other countries slowly getting back to some semblance of normalcy, but here we are in the so-called best place in the world to be during covid now subject to a second lockdown, still under virtually the same restrictions as last April. Especially given that the vast majority of Singaporeans have unquestioningly accepted and adhered to whatever restrictions and measures that were imposed on us for more than a year. Who is responsible for being in bed with corporations and refusing to implement a permanent work from home arrangement, but instead force the working class back to the office, resulting in dozens of strangers being jam-packed into every single MRT carriage on the way to school and work during peak hours every day? Who is responsible for making this country's economy a sham entirely reliant on unsustainable population growth, exploitation of cheap foreign labour, and being a prostitute to foreign capital, such that we have no choice but to continue an open-door import policy in the midst of a pandemic? I'm so sick and tired of ordinary Singaporeans having to bear responsibility and having to pay the price for the mistakes of our so-called elite leadership.
It is included because it accounts for the total time spent not doing leisure or personal activities. Say the average one way commute in city A is 1 hour, while its 15 minutes in City B, a person in City B can work 90 minutes more a day and still have the same amount of leisure time. This is why they include the commute because it or the lack of it can have a significant impact on people's leisure time.
It is more of going to a Junior College or going to a polytechnic after we complete our O or N levels. Junior colleges A level certificates, and then most goes to university. NUS, NTU, SUTD, etc local Unis this is the ideal singaporean student life plan Polytechnic diploma. More graduates head out to work. Or work first. Before considering to enrol in universities. And there is a social stigma from a long time ago that students who don't do well in school not smart students etc are the ones who goes to polytechnic. Because we are not smart enough to enter a JC.
It is nice if that will be good. However, looking at the resident's response in France I personally don't think Singapore government will implement this anytime soon.
It is not commercially nor fiscally viable to do that. Do you have any idea how much it costs to charter a flight?
It is not hard to conduct business with different timezones. Singapore interacts with plenty of other countries due to its globalised nature, yet doesn't have hiccups. Malaysia also does not need to have a single timezone, countries like Canada, USA and even Indonesia have multiple timezones yet they are bale to function without hiccups caused by timezones. Malaysia and Singapore also don't follow DST so there's even less chances of confusion
It is not known that in her younger days, she snuck off to Vietnam to fight the Viet Cong. She took out six generals, twenty-two colonels, and seventy-six majors just in her first week of fighting. Then she realized she missed Nasi Lemak, and decided to go home. That is why the Americans lost the Vietnam war.
It is not that they never learn but it is double standard. When People's Action Party or opposition do something, anti People's Action Party or opposition citizens will say this isn't what I wish. But yet when it comes to overseas, yea, their government decision is akin to their citizens' wishes.
It is not that we do not want foreigners out, we always had foreigners in the 80s and 90s without much complains. But when they come in excessively, when they disrespect the locals and try to introduce the caste system, we have a problem with that.
IT is pretty broad though, but I assume not IT level 1 or 2 support .
It is propaganda though. Try not to get caught up in blind nationalism. Every single nation uses propaganda. Doesn't mean it isn't for a good cause but that also doesn't mean you should just lap it up.
It is really disgusting how people will put an imaginary deity with no concrete proof of existing over their own tangible children in this one life they and their children will ever have.
It is the listing price, not the actual price. It's expected that prospective tenants will bargain it down. That's why when you check prices you never use nearby listing prices as an estimate if you want to buy, check the URA transaction portal, it reflects real prices based on the caveats lodged .
It is very common in Asian culture to cane or use physical punishment to discipline a child. In Singapore especially, our education system is extremely stressful and demanding, and some would call it a rat race. One exam has the ability to decide your entire future. So, parents put a lot of pressure on their children to do well. Source am a Singaporean student
It is very effective deterrent, Kyiv is still standing in spite of big difference in military power, which means that Singapore can hold until international sanction effectively cripple invaders economy That is, if Singapore hasn't retaliate faster than Ukraine. I believe Singapore will retaliate and bring the war front to foreign soil, unless nuked
It is very evident that Chee has a personal vendetta against People's Action Party. I have read comments on him having grit and determination to keep fighting them for so long but it only makes me think of him as a psychopath who is determined to bring those who wronged him down. I am definitely impressed with Jamus and more with the fact that he is an econs professor, so many singaporeans have no idea how econs work!
It is. The pay maybe a small portion of it. The situation for covid changing all the time measures or protocols etc also likely contributes to that. But addressing these issues right now which some are almost impossible to address right now does nothing for the nurses and doctors at the frontlines. It's not going to magically make the covid cases go down, nor will it make their time easier. But the sub's current narrative is They don't care about healthcare worker, covid cases not the issue, it's the management and money. If they cared they would address that instead. by the way, OPEN UP, OMICRON IS MILD, THIS IS SECURITY THEATER.
It isn't always bullying. Sometimes, some people are just wired differently. Kobe child murders was done by a 14 year old kid, who mutilated the victims and left their heads in front of school.
It isn't like that in the West. Basically the average Singaporean has met 0 Russians so they don't understand things are different now.
It just seems quite odd to me that the Indian tenants are being singled out? Like every other race is fine but Indians are not?
It kinda already happens with companies who have decided that they want to bring someone in, and interviews locals just to clear bureaucracy. You can talk all the ideals you want, but you will never have a solution to this
it literally started from an ICA checkpoint with an india variant and now they punish the locals lmfao. ridiculous. how can they sleep at night?
It looks good! All the best! Don't have time to play games but when I do I'll give it a shot
It looks like an orb weaver 3 they are big but harmless to you. I have a dress like full of orb weaver prints
It looks like you shared an AMP link. These should load faster, but Google's AMP is controversial because of concerns over privacy and the Open Web You might want to visit the canonical page instead I'm a bot Why and About Summon me with
It looks like you shared an AMP link. These will often load faster, but Google's AMP threatens the Open Web and your privacy This page is even fully hosted by Google ! . You might want to visit the normal page instead I'm a bot Why and About Mention me to summon me!
It looks like you shared an AMP link. These will often load faster, but Google's AMP threatens the Open Web and your privacy You might want to visit the normal page instead I'm a bot Why and About Mention me to summon me!
It looks quite real. It also looks really warm and stuffy because the AC for green line usually not working
It makes me queasy watching this. Gotta pay attention to what's behind the target. He had his fellow officer right behind the perp when the shot was fired, lucky he got his shot on target. Nice job with both hands on the gun though.
It makes me so sad that many people have to feel ashamed of identifying themselves as Indian just because of some ignorant, xenophobic jerks. I have always been proud of my Indian identity because I grew up reading the history of this great culture and how it guided humanity for thousands of years and established one of the first civilisation when most of the world was nomadic. How can we ignore the influence of this culture which spanned all the way from Afghanistan all the way to Indonesia and all the SE Asian languages having its influence including the word Singapura which literally translates to Lion City in Sanskrit. Yes, this culture, like any other culture, is far from perfect but it's so shameful how it's being mocked and presented in bad-light by some ignorant people.
It makes sense when opposition can promise the people whatever they want to win just like CSJ's policies. Just give the people whatever they want and win.
It matters because you can't change the colour of your skin. And you absolutely shouldn't have to discard your culture. So it's very different from being called fat or whatever.
It may be bad here, but its gonna be worse nearby. There wont be that dude who protected you.
It means the house doesn really belong to you even after you've bought it. More like a 99 year rental
it might be all you gonna get, depending on who is in charge at the time
It might be harsh for me to say this but I think the only worthy opposition party is WP, the rest are simply too small to make a difference. Sadly there's no WP in my area so People's Action Party got a free win here.
It might happen in the next 20 years or so - acceptance is still not too high.
It might sound counterintuitive for some, but it is keeping Phase 2 restrictions causing the issue, not the opposite. It is now well established that SDM, group sizes, curfews, etc, do not control fhe spread of Omicron. Too many countries went through their Omicron surge with little restrictions UK, US or dropped them right in the middle Denmark, Sweden without any impact on case numbers per capita. Why does Singapore have same or worse numbers, if restrictions work? Case will rise regardless until critical mass of people had Omicron. Keeping restrictions only forces foreign healthcare workers to quit, because they can't see their families. As simple as that. If you are a nurse from lets say the Philippines that can now choose to work practically everywhere, would you stay in Singapore with crazy hours, for less pay and on top of that not being able to fly back home to see family? All of the border measures need to go asap. It will only get worse as more countries reopen.
It might surprise you but that's what people did in the past largely due to religion too . Being left handed is linked to worshiping Satan which resulted in children in the past being beaten to stop them from using their left hand, which tended to result in learning disorders. Right now, left handedness is accepted but the same discrimination and conversion attempts can be seen being done against LGBTQ people. It's a repeat of history.
It must have been hard for you to struggle through those years of bullying. Not sure how old you are now, but i hope you will also learn to release yourself from the societal pressures of rushing to success according to age. It is normal in many other countries to take years off studies for a break, and life will go on the same where no one bats an eyelid on whether how old you are in school or at work. You are not lagging behind in life. Everyone has different circumstances and experiences and whenever however we get there, it will be ok. If you ever get a chance to work overseas, you will see that it is ok, it really is. Hang in there and take your time!
It never was , it could only work based on the assumption that virus could use ez link to board public transport.
It really depends on the situation. Russia abused their UNSC position. This is the major issue here
it really is cheaper for me , got $3 off promo code on their new app too called zig, not paid to promote
It really is tough. I was a school counsellor, there are students who come in and confide that they brought a knife to school to stab their class bully, by SOP we need to report this to school management but at the same time ruin the trust built with this student. then the student pulls a fast one and say he is only joking, you can check his bag and there is no knife. Sometimes we counsellor get mind fucked till some of us are numb to it.
It really is, especially when all of your friends are starting to have kid s already. It's really hard to fit in as talking topics shift to family and childcare related. Having cars, having children, moving in to their build-to-order flats, etc.
it really is. I would have gone for the la Pavoni because it has a boiler, and because you can steam milk I don't drink too many milk drinks either, but it's always nice to have a steam wand- if you ever feel like it once in a while Great steal on the robot tho!
It reminds me of the devil may cry reboot. Bob Barbas is over there! points to the reflection
It says in the article if you've recently recovered from covid, that you're considered fully vaccinated Those who have recovered from covid, or have a valid negative pre-event test result, are also considered fully vaccinated.
it seems like the cat was able to swim a bit to keep itself afloat for awhile.but it was gonna sink eventually considering how it has no way to climb out of the canal.props to the brave gentlemen that rescued it.
It seems like you've stumbled your way into benvenuto in singapore, and try not to smuggle any gum in.
It should be factored into the security deposit. No reason not to rent to people cooking curry.
It should be more of a whats the worth in parenting. in my opinion its a journey that not everybody are suited for and fortunately we are only beginning to acknowledge this fact. The world has always been grim, and yet humanity still thrives.
It sounds like shit! I know some people don't have a choice, but some just aren't willing to consider that they do. And a few others are just in for a shock when they do move into that build-to-order.
It sounds wrong, but threatening your bullies was the most optimal thing you could've done for yourself. Most bullies stop only when put in their place.
It started around the time I operationally ready date, so yes, slightly less then 20 years ago. edit oh fuck, i'm old
It starts really early. Like in kindergarten or even earlier. In Singapore, I feel we usually don't voice out for some reason, so the small remarks go awry - become a mindset among us for long time before realizing it's actually outright wrong. to be honest, it's not only the majority which have these old fashioned mindsets, the minority have just as bad ones too. It's just that the majority win obviously. Sometimes I think we're supposed to be more open to multi culture than most other countries but that doesn't seem to be the case. Especially since we're subconsciously confining to 4 which is based on national language, not race.
It still a lot of balls to stand and fight like he does especially when Putin has a kill list with his name on it imao
It takes a special kind of dumbass to look at a someone, who belongs to a minority, pouring their heart out and say, That's just like being white.
It takes an optimist to procreate in this climate of calamity. Also don't see how millenials would view children as a potential retirement plan like Boomers have. Much riskier than other investments.
It takes less effort to walk downhill than uphill but it's definitely more beneficial to go uphill than downhill.
It takes practices. I saw one streamer from 2hr pomodora session 25 mins study 5 mins break. Every 4 study session 25 mins break. to a monster that do 55 mins study or 5 mins break for 6 hours
It tends to be multi-factorial, with genetics, psychology and life experiences all playing a role. A straight person can later in life find themselves in homosexual relationships and vice-versa. It's less of a toss of a coin and more of a spectrum, where some people find themselves at either end, and others somewhere between.
It used to be part of the mainland but somehow tectonic shift broke the land off and moved it aaaaaall the way here. Or maybe it's not tectonic shift but the work of Avatar Kyoshi.
It usually got waived nowadays. Just like bank transfer fee got waived for paying different bank CC.
It varies from person to person but generally I don't see a point in bringing a life into the world, partially the issues you listed above, partially because you could just adopt if you wanted kids
It was a good speech but it's strange he didn't mention WP's own policies instead, rendering his argument logically less convincing. It's probably better to focus on justifying why his policies are better rather than simply the act of reducing one party-dominance
It was a major case study when I was in university so I've somehow never forgotten about it.
It was bad when i was commuting to the city in 2015 but goddamn Singapore chinese this is endemic and it will only get worse if you don't do something.
It was due to us being part of Malaysia, as the whole of Malaysia synced its time with Sabah and Sarawak.
It was enforced in roundabout ways What is that ? so was it enforced or not? Or we are looking to another Khan case here? Which is where Singapore is backwards because this is done just to appease anti-LGBT bigots. That's a very primitive way to look at it. There are many reasons to do that and bigotry probably being the last. Try proposing a law right now to prohibit any group of people from marriage and make their act of having sex a crime for something that they're born as. See if it gets struck out immediately for bigotry Not sure what's your point here. Again, marriage has very clear definition. If we allow to call marriage anything, where is the line? Shall I apply for build-to-order if I declare marriage with the telegraph pole over there? From all of your posts so far, you have pretty much demonstrated that you're just anti LGBTQ while disguising it as i don't really care but it's illegal and should stay illegal . Just own up to your bigotry since you're horrible at disguising it with your lgbtwatewer . Here we go again The easiest way is to declare yourself self entitled to right way of thinking and announce someone a bigot . Quite typical.
It was handed out to the kids to give to parents, so most kids probably read it.
It was incredibly brave of them to do this because, like you said, everyone knew they'd be arrested. Really disgusting that a peaceful call for respect and rights - with FIVE people max - led to this.
It was only after repeated calls for livestreaming of Parliament proceedings that it was implemented. We 'know' why now - hope the livestreaming won't die prematurely!
It was originally called south Park but name was changed to improve its image after this incident I am being sarcastic
It was reported the 16 year old wanted to hurt the first person who entered the bathroom. Both parties did not know one another. rest in peace dear 13 year old child.
It was the right move a few months back. Now with 82% vaccinated it's pointless. Countries like France which have similar measures are talking about lifting them now, because high vaccination rates
It wasn't given independence. More like Italy annexed everything except that tiny little plot of land.
It wasn't just about the price of the bikes. It was about the director's personal relationship with the tender winner
it wasn't really a QnA session though, that was the second half of the show. The first half was just discussing views on the provided topics and I feel like all parties should have received equal time for this.
It would be a dream if Singapore did the 4-days work week. It would make a HUGE difference to work-life balance AND work productivity.
It would be an eltist remark if LMW went to aneighborhood school and Vivian mocked that. Or if someone mocked LTK for his English. But given that RI grads are given more resources than other students, and are educated in English, it is a fair jab towards LMW. If RI students turn out to be like Leong Mun Wai, then really RI needs to be looked into.
It would be really shitty. High achievers don't get nurtured, weak students don't get enough help. Politics would be crazy as the leaders would wield power over the entire child population. Probably end up being a battleground and kids suffer the most
it would be understandable if it were the pioneer generations who built Singapore from the ground up but hearing it from people who reap success during the economic boom is just disheartening.
It would have been an amazing retort for OP, but for those who didn't come from the typical branded school, I don't know what base can they pick to funnel bravado for the moment. And probably because of this, plus subscribing to the claim nasty customers are always right , it just adds on to their sense of inferiority.
It'll sound rude but you're not obliged to entertain them, maybe be firm, and say no in the future when you encounter anymore salespeople be it from Storytel or not.
It's a bit OTT to kill to get killed? Walk in front of a moving vehicle? Jump? Many ways to inflict self-harm or self-death. This case appears extremely complex. people do have a right to access of information - especially in such a grizzly case, in a haven called school, on an island known for its superb global safety standards. Discourse is important. Ask questions. Help one another understand that's why we are here.
It's a blessed life if you can save or invest enough to retire early or build a passive income stream. But then again the same holds true for most other countries.
It's a disgrace and Singaporeans should be ashamed. If there's one thing to tell you that there is no free press here this is it. In any other advanced nation many people would be protesting to free these people. Here, silence
It's a fantastic speech. Unfortunately, all countries go by the who are you to tell me what I can and cannot do doctrine, Singapore included.
It's a free market economy man. If Grab realises it's fucking up it's own customer base then it will eventually lower it's price to get them back and drivers will have business again. Win win scenario for all. Just vote with your wallet.
It's a gift after I think collecting about $100 in donations? It's a film camera operated by gears as in you have to scroll in the next film square Flash battery powered.
It's a good thing that I'm deleting my account too so I could care less about karma. Grow up. You're 16. Stop being so sensitive and stop whining. Yes, it was just a joke. Stop making a big deal about it. Nobody forced you to hide your heritage. You're a kid who's influenced by peer pressure to hide your own culture, and instead of recognizing your own insecurity you're just lashing out at everyone else and blaming racism and racists. You're just a kid blaming your own problems on other people. Is Singapore racist? Yes. Could Singapore do better? Yes. Are you being a entitled melodramatic teenager? Also yes. Nothing you shared was worth getting offended over. And if you're feeling like a third class citizen, it's all in your head. As an Indian, I'm ashamed of people like you. I fear the day your generation would start a race riot over the most inconsequential bullshit because you're offended over the most trivial or perceived microaggression .
It's a lease, so I guess you can pay more to continue staying? edit This might be the reason for preserving HDB value
It's a multi billion dollar company vs multi billion dollars company. yeah but one is an actual taxi company while the other just makes an app
It's a pretty tricky issue to address with good points in this thread. While I do empathise with the challenges one might face due to preferences, one should have the right to select who they want to live with or rent their assets to based on preferences that may even include gender, religion and lifestyle e.g. Non-smokers, LGBTQ friendly . I myself had chanced upon a few attractive rental listing only to find out that they are looking for female tenants only. Instead of crying about sexism on reddit, I accept that it is very much within their preferences and move on.
It's a problem of childcare and transport. Most adults have to work. So nobody is looking after the children between the time they wake up and the time they go to school. Also the younger kids aren't trusted to get to their school on their own. For all we talk about world class education, education across the world is glorified childcare
It's a really risky move to send the head of government and head of state to battle. A decapitation strike will leave us leaderless. Plus PM Lee is 70 years old already. Do you really expect him to fight? edit also if Singapore is overrun by some foreign power, it would make sense for the Head of government and State to leave and form a government in exile to raise international opposition against the subsequent military occupation
It's a simple answer. But apparently hard for people to accept. Some folks would rather generalise and discriminate against an entire race rather then looking at it pragmatically.
It's a small task that requires no more than a few people, uploader literally cannot help with anything there. Why u all like to always say this?
It's a stupid strategy to keep importing more people anyway, how is it sustainable? In the future the lower income would have to live in underground bunkers?
It's a tossup. Ironically, the KFC I had in the US was even worse than Singapore I can see why it gets memed about there. Also weird how they didn't have cheese fries, seemed like a super American thing. JP one was great though, as is most of their other fast food.
it's a traditional. some parents just quoted a small auspicious number to follow the traditions. but I do know of families where they really act like they are selling their daughter away.
It's a very pretty park. Today was basically my idea of a perfect day Spend all day in the park In the rain By myself Bliss! I love it when it's raining as hardly anybody comes out. I also saw woodpecker, waterhen, bulbul, brahminy kite boy the crows were just being absolute shits to it , black-naped oriole, spotted doves, white-throated kingfisher, egrets, a wagtail, and I think some kind of tailorbird - but they were all either too far, too fast, or too dark for my aged m4 or 3 camera.
It's a wonder how certain people would think there is a conspiracy from outside Singapore who'd latch onto something local to do psyops because of course Singapore is that important. Even Focus on the Family Singapore doesn't OVERTLY do that, and they're the local branch of a toxic organization that HAS destroyed churches to spread their poison.
It's a wonder how some people are so shortsighted that they think such protest will only ever have 5 people doing it and there is absolutely no possibility whatsoever that there could ever be a possible scenario that maybe just maybe more people with radical ideology might group together and endanger those around them
It's abuse as the permanent positions was given in the understanding that the people with veto power will always opt for peace.
It's actually against WTO laws to unilaterally sanction. But western countries always unilaterally sanction first breaking international law and you like these countries so overtime, breaking this WTO law became normalized and then we have people saying of course sanctions are unilateral and but it always starts unilaterally . I mean how many people here actually know that unilateral sanctions are illegal under international law Unilateral sanctions are basically the economic version of might makes right instead of following international law. They have become normalized and accepted simply because the West does it all the time with their economic might makes right coercions.
It's actually illegal to overly aggressively proselytize here in Singapore . I think it's enshrined in Racial Harmony acts. Also, that Malay abang did you a real solid. Don't think the other guy was in his right mind.
It's actually not an apples to apples comparison. Eren, despite how cruel he might be, was acting out of self preservation. Putin just wants to conquer a smaller state.
It's actually very sad. I don't think their economy is doing very well, the people are suffering but those on top don't care enough
It's all about pleasing the big multinationals, those who keep the powerful in their positions. Nobody cares about the family cornershop, small business owner or freelancer.
It's all scaremongering by folks in power. That was what people said about Putin before this shit storm
It's almost like they were extra careful not to fuck up CNY then do not care when it came to Hari Raya
It's along a major road toward the CBD, and walking distance from Fort Canning, UE Square and Liang Court. I wouldn't exactly call it ulu.
It's alright, you don't need to justify why you're comfortable with staying at home. Neither should people who prefer the independence of moving out. Different strokes for different folks
It's alright. No one is forced to do anything including reproduction. If elders have an issue, find a way to communicate to them. I know what you are having. You are having doubts. Every parent wishes a good future for their offspring. But the truth is the world is not perfect and so is Singapore. There will always be minuses to start a family. In the USA, parents sweat over school shootings, shotgun marriages, family debts. In India and China, parents sweat over competition due to their population sizes. In Europe, parents sweat over stepping back into a lower social class. In Syria, parents sweat over the meal next day. And so on. Having kids is not like Hollywood or Korean drama fairy tale. It's been a struggle everywhere. It just depends whether one is willing to take it on.
It's also not just deleting evidence during school shootings in the US some kids used their phones during the lockdown, and notifications can alert the perpetrator.
It's also terribly skewed because McDonald's doesn't actually care for the representation of the index and in some places they use the Big Mac as a loss leader to attract customers. In some places it's sold at half the price of similar double patty burgers and in other countries it's similarly priced
It's amazing how you equate 5 people protesting peacefully to riots in the US ignited by far right and far left ideologies
It's amazing. I remembered when we were in primary school and we had thirty minutes of recess but we got time to eat, talk and play sports. Now that we're older we feel like we don't have enough time to eat.
It's an axe brother . Yes gangsterism happens but I don't think most of the paikias in school would even think of brining an axe to fuck someone up this badly, let alone murder
It's an elitist country throughout. The whole society is rotten and that was the main reason which made me leave for good. Being called stupid for years just for choosing a lower ranked school - it's like online game toxicity in real life, in your face.
It's an incredibly common mentality around the world these days. Singapore is not particularly special in this regard.
It's around the 21m mark. CNA doesn't have the actual interview at least I couldn't find it
It's bad enough to slack on a project, but infuriating when they come out and self-credit. When I slack on a project, I admit that I've been carried and apologise
It's been a long time since the NKF scandal, I think most people have either forgotten or never heard about it.
It's been a whole fucking year since cheebye, why the fuck are there still Singaporeans in India who wish to return? But that guy's comment at the top was a real goldmine . I had briyani today OK sO MI NOT RACIST
It's been almost 12 hours and I still cannot comprehend how this happened how this could happen . Rip boy. Sigh. What a day
It's been almost 6 months since vaccines are available. Why is Singapore's vaccination rate so pitiful? Why aren't people complaining about this none of these measures would be needed if we were at 60-70% vaccination rate by now which would have been doable for a country that is so small, rich and supposedly efficient .
It's been reported in the news some hotels are cancelling bookings to accommodate the possible increase in rooms for isolation purposes
It's better to learn to ignore them than to hope for any change in these parents, they won't. I was in police force for NS, and you wouldn't believe how elitist people are. Almost everyone who walks through the doors of my police station are upset and unhappy in some way, and they can still be proud and condescending. Even parents of arrested kids can still be distastefully prideful. It's the way people are nowadays I guess. I offer the three classic phrases I hear from these guys. You think government or police big ? I got pay tax one ! You know who I am?
It's both. You can't deny that there's a number of people in People's Action Party who are homophobic and anti-LGBTQ. Heck, the applause in Parliament to Thio Li An's when she likened gay sex to shoving a straw up your nose to drink shows how much of the ruling party is against LGBTQ.
It's comforts own fault. They had such a huge monopoly but didn't even bother trying to innovate. Good that there is competition now, maybe won't be so complacent
It's completely different. If a person can do a job better, he should get the job. What is this in the context of a tenant? If this tenant can make you comfortable it's the tenant you want to rent to. It's not the fact he is an Indian that one didn't want to rent to him, it's certain habits from that particular culture that people have issue with. This is no different from a single lady only want to rent to a single lady because they ain't comfortable with man in their house. Or Muslim family only want to rent to a Muslim because of strict dietary requirement.
It's confusing because the ruling is based on an underlying legal principle, which isn't something regular people would often be aware of. The principle is predictability. That the general public needs to have reasonable opportunity to find out what is illegal, before they can be charged. In this case, a senior government official stating that a certain law will not be enforced, folowed by years of not enforcing it, means that any future enforcement would be unpredictable. And therefore invalid on its face. I guess a summary would be, cannot roti prata flip on public statements of legality. AG created an expectation, so now they are bound by it.
It's consistent with our foreign policy footing of not wanting a rules-based order to die. Because if that dies, we may be learning Bahasa, Chinese or Russian very quickly.
It's easier on smooth brains to group A and B together as long as there is even 1 single correlation. Sadly, rigid smooth surfaces also reflect sound the loudest.
It's easy to talk cock, sing song but not play the actual mahjong. Most of us will rant and rant but not actually do the actual deed of uninstalling it.
It's extremely prevalent. You have parents bragging to other parents about how many tuition or talent classes they take outside of school, grades, PSLE T-score, school, whatever the child is often forced to achieve, many parents love to take credit, and the same parents look down on other children who don't perform to the standard of their own children. It's really disheartening. Your kid and you too by extension isn't automatically superior or inferior just because they entered a certain school or got a better grade on their report card, contrary to what many parents think. Congratulations in advance, and when your kids grow up, please encourage and commend them when doing well and don't take credit for it or compare with other kids.
It's fine if you don't like the smell. As someone who personally can't stand the smell of fish I'll also move away everytime someone in the hawker centre sits down with fish. I don't fault you for that, just don't be rude about it. Maybe move away in a subtle manner or just explain the situation to the person before moving away if being subtle isn't possible. I'm sorry but I'm not a huge fan of pls don't mind if I move away It's only hurtful because people go about doing it with your hair stinks or hurriedly running in the other direction with their noses pinched to those people I get that it's unbearable but maybe try to be a bit nicer and subtle?
It's fine to have a preference in who you date, or have a personal relationship with, but it's wrong to discriminate a business transaction or provide a service based on race among other things. If you feel like you can't rent out a space to non- any race then you can't rent out the space.
It's funny you brought up Russians. My friends , couple with kids, really well paying jobs wanted so much to settle down here but eventually gtfo after the umpteenth citizenship rejection. They are happy in Australia now and good for them.
It's getting better now that I'm transitioning. But the fact that I made it this far was due to the suicide attempts failing and the fear of what lies beyond death preventing me from attempting suicide that often. If I had just a bit more courage to try a few more times or choose more violent ways of dying, I would probably have died years ago without understanding why I was suffering and what I could have done to make things better.
It's good that some food stalls are offering 50% off for healthcare staff. Hopefully they realise that it would be better to deliver the food straight to the hospitals and clinics instead as healthcare workers sometimes don't even have time to go for a lunch break.
it's good to be young . I'm very close to my family and lived with them throughout my life. My family paid about $500k for our family home decades ago. When I was in my 30's, I bought over the property from them at market value of $1.5m so that they have cash for whatever they want to do. Same property is now valued at over $4.5m. We have bought another place and rented it out, and rental goes to my family for spare cash. Rental is fine for short term stay. But it's an expense that you can never recover while buying is an asset that can never depreciate in land scarce Singapore. So anyone who can argue that it makes sense financially to rent doesn't understand basic financials.
It's good to have doubt and it means Singapore is currently doing something right. But events can rapidly change, especially in a hypothetical world with a lack of a rules-based order.
It's hilarious that majorities gonna majority. The shit you say is literally the shit American conservatives say when questions of opression and racism are brought up. Racism knows no race.
It's irritating because Treating things as endemic was never a black and white scenario eg 70% bad, 80% good. It was always going to be a progressive change In risk appetite as the vaccination rate increased, which it will every day. They've not even got over the first hurdle at the first rise of cases. What did they think was going to happen in the future?
it's IT. I don't make as much as a university grad would, but it's comfortable.
it's just a business decision apparently, suddenly it becomes acceptable when it comes to financial planning and investment in real estate
It's just now a factory to produce the next generation of scholars and doctors, nicely sponsored by their parents
It's just so reactionary. Even New Zealand's second highest alert level 3 allows for up to 10 per group.
It's just the least amount of hours among the countries surveyed not the world and honestly based on this it's still over 7 hours sleep which to me is a LUXURY and more than than sufficient for a functional working adult.
It's just the way islam is preached and taught here. Do or don't do this and go to hell. My ustaz studied in the UK and he has a very different approach. My mom would feedback to him that my brother doesn't pray on time and he should scold him etc etc. But his response is always like he's trying to give him some credit. Everyone's journey in religion is different from another. While yes we should all strive to be good Muslims but we shouldn't put others down for being less Muslim than us. Take it at your own pace that you're comfortable with and always be encouraging to others
It's kind of a coin flip and the deck is stacked. If you're rich and Chinese and the baby is female then they're gonna have an easy good life. That's just the way it do be as a sinkie.
It's kind of a running joke after the debate during which Jamus wow-ed the whole country esp Vivian - basically everyone was reacting with, this warms the cockles of my heart.
It's kind of hard to get the temperature right with AC. After a few hours it gets too cold. Breezy days when I can get by with just the fan are the best. I'm considering getting one of those heavy blankets because I discovered I like being sandwiched under stuff .
It's like Malaysians assaulting Singaporeans because we sell them water at a very high price. Regardless of the fairness of the deal, ordinary Singaporeans had nothing to do with it.
It's like these people don't watch the news and didn't see the hundreds of thousands of Russians who clearly went down to St. Petersburg to protest against Putin.
It's majority privilege and minorities are equally racists - they just don't have the numbers and that's why it's not seen as such. I mean, how can you be racist when you're the supposed victim right? Minorities crying Chinese privilege and you Chinese people are as guilty as the majority who spout racist nonsense.
It's more about the government saying that they are coping well, no? Did they say they are against the restrictions? You're not doing any favours for yourself by focusing on the first sentence when there's a bigger message behind the whole webtoon.
It's more about the prosecutorial policy, not so much the police enforcement. Police catch you, public prosecutor may still decide not to prosecute.
It's my personal opinion that peaceful protesting should be allowed. I hope that as years go by and the political scene of singapore starts to change, we get greater freedom of speech. These students are peacefully protesting for what they believe in. I wish for a day that the government won't just pay lip service to the conservative majority and try to silence issues like these
It's not a conspiracy or rumor you can find it on YouTube just search for it
It's not a detail, it literally opens with this, suggesting Singapore is loosening restrictions while healthcare workers are struggling, leading them to think they live in alternate reality The reality is that no restrictions are being loosened, and they live in a country with most restrictive covid measures in the world after China, and no plans whatsoever in terms of returning to normality.
It's not a false dichotomy. They are voting for those other pressing an urgent issues too, its the whole package
It's not a lot of money compared to the number of f&b stalls. NDP costs around $10 - 40 million to run last two years was expensive, one because SG50, the other I do not know why . There's 14K establishments based on data. government. Singapore If we distribute the $40 million to the 14K establishments, it runs up to $2,800 per stall. Barely enough to even pay the average f&b rent for a month. That does not include other sectors that are also suffering e.g. gym close down liao . Also, a lot of the costs already paid by now to vendors all your goodie bags and shit , so it's not like they can recoup money back. Not that I support NDP 2021, but it's not as easy as it seems. It's like those people who say we should cut minister salaries to pay for universal basic income .
It's not a matter of being charged with 377A but the negative connotations that arise from the existence of this law.
It's not a penalty, it's for the protection of the unvaccinated. If you have valid reasons not to get vaccinated you're still vulnerable and should not be spending time in a shopping mall when there are 3000+ cases a day.
It's not about how old Lee Hsien Loong is or whether Halimah is trained. Firstly there was a photo about a 80 year old Ukrainian grandpa volunteering to fight. Secondly the Ukrainian is handing out weapons to anyone willing to hold a gun Third theyre broadcasting tutorials on how to make Molotov cocktails on national TV. You see it's not about what's tactically correct. It's all hands on deck. It's a fight to the last man. And it's not even combat strength. Does anyone think Zelenskyy is special forces or something? He's a comedian. It's about leadership. By staying in the captial and appearing will the troops, Zelenskyy has rallied countless Ukrainians to stay and fight. His sudden popularity also causes a huge headache for the Russians if they do managed to kill him as they plan. The martyring of a national would inspire Ukrainians to fight even harder. In case of Russian occupation, they will have to deal with decades of resistance fighters in Zelenskyy's name. So it's not about combat strength. It's about leadership and symbolism. And no. I do not think our leaders will do that same - even if our political leadership is filled with generals .
It's not about restrictions and loosening measure. The cause of high influx is because of the confusing protocols and fear especially on children. Further more, healthcare worker are not immune to the virus.
It's not about the price. I believe price was in line with what the authorised distributor of the bikes were selling it for. But they didn't buy from the AD but from some friend .
It's not abuse. the permanent members set it up so that only they could veto shit which went against them. USA did it when they went into Iraq and to protect Israel, china did it when they wanted to fuck with taiwan and meddle with Hong Kong and now Russia is using it when they wanna bombard Ukraine. These permanent members are disproportionately more powerful than anyone else so they have such rules for themselves knowing full well no one can stop them.
It's not an unpopular opinion, have you visited , its all the manga readers constantly shitting on the ending and it's hilarious Ok the subreddit is funniest when a new episode comes out
It's not coping well because a little bit of fever only and people start to panic and go to a&e or clinic. Its a mentality problem.
It's not entirely surprising that this is announced as MMTF was eerily silent the past 2 days. Nevertheless, the fact that we're back in this makes it feel like our progress in vaccination so far has been for naught and is disregarded. Not exactly a good message to send, especially since just 4 days ago they gave everyone hope by saying they didn't intend to reverse reopening measures. Not entirely unreasonable given the sharp increase, but still feels like such a slap in the face. I don't see why we still need to stick to the default period of a full month even after all this time. At least make it two weeks, especially since completely stamping out clusters and infection numbers is increasingly proving to be more effort than it's worth. We don't need to suppress the number back to 0, just snuff out the main driving forces of the exponential growth. I'm also wondering why they appear to prioritise the yardstick of elderly vaccination as much as they do. I understand that there may be a surge in vaccination or intensive care unit cases if we begin to open up, but it's been months and honestly we have to accept that there's some things we can't prevent no matter how long or hard we try. Our capacity has barely even been tested. On the other end of the spectrum, those unfortunate souls who want to but have yet to be vaccinated are last exactly because they're deemed to belong to the group who can handle the virus the best. My age group are nowhere near as vulnerable as the elderly. I fear that if they wish to continue to peg our reopening purely on elderly vaccination, no matter how good their intentions are, they will never be able to achieve a satisfactory result. And this is coming from someone whose grandparents steadfastly refuse to get jabbed. If anything, if we want to bite this bullet, dial back on social activities, and use this time to push through the vaccination efforts , please give some idea of what we may be looking forward to after National Day so that people at least have something to look forward to. Words may suggest we're nearing the end but actions don't seem to suggest any change from earlier in the year. I'm not involved in the f&b industry, but I really feel for them as they're getting shitted on time and again by things that's not even their fault. At this rate they're gonna get martyred. I'm hoping that at least the MMTF is open to policy review and updating of measures halfway through this P2.
It's not feasible. I don't want to toot my horn, but my threshold is high, and I can't do this. The only reason why I was able to do this for some time was that I didn't have a family, and my obligations outside of work were minimal. It was rest, exercise, eat and work. I consider myself lucky I didn't get burned out though it would have just been a matter of time, I would have gotten burned out due to the high pace workload and carrying the responsibility of other people that weren't held accountable. It's not worth it, and I won't do it anymore the pacing and workload is good right now as it is like a rollercoaster with real downtime.
It's not just a change in leaders, it's a change from democracy to autocracy. Ukraine would become Belarus or Chechnya, led by a puppet that listens to Putin. And honestly for 90% of the people. Life wouldn't differ too much. But if you happen to be someone that the new regime doesn't like, then there is a window you might end up falling out of. Should the 90% not stand up for the rest, in the name of avoiding war or bloodshed?
It's not just the elderly. We haven't fully vaccinated two-thirds of the population. I'm young, only gotten one dose of the vaccine and I do feel vulnerable until I get fully vaccinated two weeks after my 2nd dose. Phase 2 is unavoidable for now.
It's not mutually exclusive. What Russia is doing is definitely against international law as well without any doubt. At the same time unilaterally sanctions are also against international law. I'm not actually stating any personal opinion of mine here at all. I'm just stating the facts and the international laws stated in black and white. You don't have to get emotional with me here . Bear in mind that unilateral sanctions also doesn't benefit Singapore as a small nation. We always benefit when big countries adhere to international laws. It's just that in this case, we are taking the side of the biggest economic powers in the world which we depend on for money so we support their unilateral sanctions to benefit us. Of course, we also condemn Russia because we don't want bigger stronger countries to invade us. If these economic power houses have the combined GDP of Timor Leste, you can bet that we would be saying in the UN that we disagree with their unilateral sanctions and that we should all adhere to international laws. As I've said before, unilateral sanctions is simply the economic version of might makes right .
It's not my intention to imply that they are the same. As you pointed out, there are important differences. Nonetheless, the similarities are also there, especially in the factors you cited in about Konfrontasi. Both were about fear of expansion of foreign influence British, NATO . Both were due to legacy issues of a previous times colonial, Cold War . And also importantly, both were to distract their own populace from their internal duress. What you said about Sakarno, could also have applied to Putin to some extent. His mentality is also shaped by the aftermaths of Cold War and the breakup of Soviet Union. Whether Ukraine can be viewed as autonomous and sovereign is the crux of the issue. Sorry, but you are factually wrong here. It is not the issue. Ukraine is sovereign state recognised by all UN nations, including Russia. Even the Russia government is not disputing this. Their pretext for invasion is prevent NATO expansion, and not that Ukraine is part of Russia. Russia is exerting its military might against its neighbour to prevent it from joining a hostile alliance. That's what Russia officially claim. Even if you want to side with Russia, you need to get your facts correct. That's really bad faith to make up facts to try to win internet argument. There is no question or doubt about Ukraine's status as a sovereign state from ANY party, including Russia. Their official stance for the invasion is to force Ukraine to be a neutral state . I shall end this discussion here. But thanks for all the informative discussion, up till this point when you diverted from facts to fiction.
It's not only the young uns. people who are just exiting their young adult life wanted to have a last hurrah too.
It's not really a catch 22. It's just a cost we need to accept, a cost that some other countries have already accepted. The solution to the over reliance is to drastically reduce and eventually eliminate the number of work permits granted to foreign construction workers, and force labour intensive construction companies to hire locals only, and pay them way way more, combined with increased productivity, to do construction. Make no mistake this will be very very painful in the short term. To pay for this our HDBs will either rise in price significantly or the cost increase will need to be absorbed with government subsidies funded by higher taxation, or perhaps very steep discount in government land sales to HDB, which also reduces government revenue. In the short term we can expect BTOs to take up to 8 years to complete as a norm. Some less efficient and adaptable construction companies will necessarily go out of business, and this will have some impact of local employment. Globally we will be seen as a less competitive economy with higher taxes and cost of business and cost of living. But once we get through the transition period, in the longer term, as industry and economy adjusts, we may have a construction industry that looks more similar to that of Japan and Australia. Construction workers will be local and earn higher wages. Everything will likely be more expensive. More of your income may need to go towards housing and taxes, but that's the price we need to pay if we want to live in a country without low wage foreign workers, if that's what we decide as a country to be our top priority. It sounds painful but I think we should be honest with ourselves and tackle the problem head on instead of pretending that there is an easy answer. I'm personally very torn, but lean towards the view that we just need to swallow the short term bitter pill and start phasing out exploitative foreign labour. If you agree with me, you can play a part in either voicing your support for this by voting for parties that want this e.g. WP , writing to your MPs about this, and persuading your friends to hold this point of view.
It's not rude to not listen to them. You have no obligation to stop and entertain them.
It's not shaming, it's a fact. You can notice stark difference in personalities of people who are stuck with their parents Vs independent ones who stood up on their own feet and had guts to live on their own.
It's not that difficult, is it? If all properties appreciate by 10 percent a year, and each year less on the lease reduces a property's price by 5 percent, it will be an overall increase. That's simplistic but you get the idea.
It's not that it's missing, it's that those people who had backbones were blocked from promotion because some dude who told all fairy tales and didn't care for people on the ground got promoted
It's not there for you . It's there in case some gay opposition fella gets voted in.
It's ok to be rude to people who aren't polite to you by doing hard selling.
It's ok to cry. Just make sure to wash your hands first and not to touch your face directly when wiping the tears.
It's okay, guess most people just have an undying prejudice towards those who choose a different vaccine and think they are superior though it's not like we are anti-vaxxers. What matters is we're safe
It's okay. I encountered this too and talked to them for 20mins+ just because I was trying to be nice . At least you learn a lesson! They talked me into registering for an acc , so I did, but then I saw the cc details page
It's only a gesture expected of Singapore. Actually I don't think so? Our government has shown that it'll work with even North Korea, so having them be one of the few Asian countries to actually do something about this invasion, even if largely symbolic, is still a stance.
It's only a gesture expected of Singapore. Our exports to Russia is tiny. The specific items Bala mentioned is even more miniscule .
It's only a matter of time before a slave has enough and gives the founding Titan power to an angry man. Oh wait! Sorry, different reality!
It's openly known that in the event of war, Singapore would push up North. Fast. Ideally the fighting will be done on someone else's land, not ours. That's why being able to be called back fast is of such importance we want to minimize damage to the island itself.
It's People's Action Party playbook tactic. If you don't realise by now that's how the ruling party always operates, read up on its history. That's one reason why I'm now less enamored with them. Instead of presenting constructive ideas on Singapore's future which is what Lee Hsien Loong said he wanted to do following the Ivan Lim debacle , the party then did exactly the opposite and descended back into the gutter politics they are known for. THE ARE OUT OF IDEAS AND YET STILL LEADING US.
It's photoshopped. the right sign is a mirror of the left sign. The left notice exists but is probably elsewhere.
It's pretty crazy how a culture of abuse is so ubiquitous in our society that literally everyone seems to relate to this image.
it's pretty good but for what it is worth, take heart - all places have their + or - vote TRE45ON out, and you can rebuild
It's pretty good! You can go for the Dumpling course with a friend if you are a big eater.
it's pretty normal . There's always bias towards one's race. Been renting since migrating here from another southeasian country but a lot prefer Chinese only. Indians are discriminated the most unfortunately. Even if one of them is just the husband or wife and the other is Chinese.
It's probably because he is busy finding proof that rise in imported cases are not from travellers entering Singapore.
It's probably safe to say that this is one of the scariest things to ever happen in Singapore. Just imagine a guy walking down your school hallway and he looks like something straight out of Friday the 13th. My condolences to the deceased.
It's probably your phrasing. Those who downvoted probably thought you were wondering what does 'Spreading' mean. Anyway, Those involved are worried about this issue spreading since it's NDP, pretty much the biggest and most important day in Singapore.
It's quite common for spiders if I remember correctly. Either way spiders from what I've seen about tarantulas have a much shorter lifespan and normally die after mating
It's quite easy to get used to it due to the subtle nature of it all I myself realised things only after my brother was born and watching him go tru kindergarten and now primary school was a reliving of my own experiences just with the perspective of a secondary schooler who's able to recognise the impact of words on his actions and choices.
It's quite infuriating to see people standing around just watching, and seemingly like no one bothered to press the emergency button. bystander effect in action I guess. Let's hope someone actually pressed the button, just not shown in the video
It's quite sweet really, even if it is equally useful as a gotcha to the proselytising that have no idea
It's rare to see monkeys there, but sometimes you see hornbills, monitor lizards, otters, vipers, and even jellyfish if the water is clear. If you're in the west though, Sungei Buloh Wetland Reserve is your best bet.
It's really amazing that of all the things under the sky that they want to pin the microchips narrative to, they decide to pin it on something that literally helps them live.
It's really dumb to close down gyms but not weddings and religious gathering. Feels like they just want to show that they care about mental health by still allowing religious ceremony and weddings to proceed.
It's really interesting to hear from a different perspective of schools even if it's a high school from around the world. I'm currently a freshman engineering student in the University of Washington in the US. Those proud parents are the students in University of Washington. We bash Wazu college, our rivals, by saying that we are the shining light for their students due to the belief that if you don't get into UW, you go to Wazu instead . Such mentalities are even worse in famous US colleges and universities such as UC Berkeley, UCLA, Georgia Tech, and especially among the Ivy Leagues. Part of advertising schools is inherently an act of demeaning and putting down of all the other schools, something that I believe would help to cure egoism and narcissistic pride about education and schools.
It's really sad to see the horrible side of Singaporean's behaviour. Healthcare personnels deserve so much of our respect at this time.
It's really sad. Here are my two cents. Although I'm from a majority of an extremely racist country much more racist than Singapore, there you just got beaten or killed sometimes if your skin is darker than others 1. Idiots share their offensive thoughts more often and more loud, hence it naturally feels that the environment is shit, the country doesn't matter 2. If you feel that you must forfeit your culture, traditions and harmless habits to keep in touch with some friends , you don't need those friends. Your identity is much more important, stick to it 3. I really like Indian culture - there are so many beautiful things in it. I often enjoy walking in Little India just to enjoy the surroundings
It's rumoured every year. Ever since the switch was just released. I'll believe it when I see it.
It's saddeningly because no matter how many more hours or harder we work there's only so much , we can't keep up with the demand and workload. And that only leads to poorer patient outcomes
It's shocking that adults are supporting this method. I do not know, maybe because these people tried everything else but the government seems to just deflect their concerns? as quoted from All the legal methods have been shown to be useless, the government doesn't even want to allow any positive depiction of lgbt in media so the changing of mindset of the population is slow esp when homophobia and transphobia are being taught to the next generation via certain groups . Talking to the MP does nothing, incidents showing outright threats open fire comment , hostility SMOL lgbt flag incident or discrimination recent Ministry of Education incident doesn't seem to trigger any sort of conversation in Parliament as they deem not enforcing S377A to be a huge compromise that the lgbt must accept. Is there anything else that can be done other than the not happy migrate comment?
It's similar to other preferences. I grew up eating green peas and discovering that I liked it, plus my parents encouraged me to keep eating them, so now I don't pick out the green peas in my egg fried rice. But on the flip side, if I had hated green peas when I first came into contact with them, would I have eventually changed my mind about them if my parents continued encouraging passively or aggressively me to eat them? Maybe, but I don't think it's possible. Also we shouldn't confuse tolerance for preference too. in my opinion you can be influenced to tolerate something, but that doesn't mean you truly would prefer it.
It's Singapore, and they are too high profile to be silenced. The worst they are going to get is air con too cold inside the lock up. And they can request blankets for that
It's slightly different for those in 40s and 50s if they are in the correct professions. Having a diploma in the 80s in Singapore back then provided alot of opportunities. Sure, you're unlikely to be upper management as a diploma holder in his 40s or 50s now, but at minimum a middle level manager or a professional like certified accountant. Definitely able to pull in decent income, and the 20 or 30 years industry experience is nothing to scoff at.
It's so annoying to see criticism of him being a comedian as if it's something derogatory. You're not bad or stupid for being one. If anything you have to be quite clever to make people laugh.
It's so cool that they have managed to make it looking so authentically ugly, like it's not in the middle of Singapore, but somewhere in Saransk
It's so weird that the government are going to do sanctions for this case when in the past it's always close one eyes and take the money, I just hope this isn't view as us taking a side.
It's still doble if you're prudent and willing to accept a lower 'standard of living' by this I mean no fancy meals and no overseas trips except to Malaysia . You also have to think seriously about cutting down on unnecessary things even if it means breaking with tradition e.g. no wedding banquet, foregoing a confinement nanny . Also helps if you have relatives with older kids that you can get hand-me-downs from. There are other factors to consider of course, such as how much your spouse earns, what your career trajectory is like, etc.
It's stupid. Apparently it's so bad they need to close down for 3 weeks. but we'll wait 4 days to enforce it? Makes no sense
It's surprising that the People's Action Party has been playing the victim card all this time, they are trying to usurp us . And it's even more surprising that this narrative actually works.
It's sustained mask off contact by the way. The mall ruling honestly seems inconsistent but you're more likely to remove your mask in a mall than in a bus. Esp if you buy a drink or a snack.
It's terrible that you're being downvoted by people who have little direct knowledge of ground conditions in Wuhan or hubei.
It's that expensive to have children? I guess with my previous income of 2.6k, I should just give up any hopes of starting a family until I get a much higher salary.
It's the Internet, you're allowed to be inappropriate. . This isn't straits times forum. Although they might pick up on this juicy article here. It's good that you have such a mature mindset.
It's the same thing my parents said. I don't exactly agree with that because I think racism be it mild or intense needs to be called out and yes ignoring it won't solve the problem but sometimes calling it out can be hard and sometimes pointless. My father has faced a lot of difficulties at work from racist people but he focused on his work and now he's doing very well. Everyone working around him was Chinese at the time and if he called it out, his job could be at risk and people would look down on him. Sometimes there are people who will always be racist and they will never change their mind and in those cases it's better to walk away than to confront those idiots. It wouldn't be worth to waste your time with them but focusing on more important stuff in the long run. Nonetheless I think the situation has changed alot and I think now we have a platform and an opportunity to call out racism so that people can understand how hard it is for minorities.
It's the same thing with carousell just move on and find another listing? If you don't want to deal with racist people and have unnecessary conflict, it's better to never let them be your landlord and make your life miserable. I think my point is still valid, even though it might suck but that's probably the best option in my opinion. If it takes a lot of effort to find genuinely nice landlords who aren't racist, wouldn't that be the better long term play?
It's the same with MMORPGs, really. people have no qualms grinding on for 12+ hours there for levels or materials or resources etc before a boss raid. I just treat studying the same hit objectives or what I want to learn, get out, and get something else done like the next ranked game or something . At least there's less variability to deal with, like toxic teammates which hinder your progress.
It's the sheer volume of people. Small percentage of a large number of people is more in terms of volume when compared to a larger percentage of a smaller number of people.
It's to protect our Migrant Workers from the dangers of the community. Later they cannot work how? Who is going to feed and pay them?
It's to tell you that the poor are not humans. You're not rich? Well then, you're not human too. This is how all politicians think.
It's unfair to make accusatory statements of sweeping things under the carpet. I believe the vast majority of teachers would want to do what they can to help students both academically and non-academically. A lot of issues students face today is not just from school, but from parents and peers which doesn't really matter what school one is from. Do certain cultures make it worse? I don't know, but name me one school where you can find all students say they don't experience some form of peer bullying at any part of their life? Is it solely the school and teachers' responsibility to stamp out bullying, and is that even possible? Of course it doesn't mean we condone it, but honestly what's the right solution to this?
It's unfortunate but it's something you have to bear with until November. Like the last time when the lieutenant colonel cluster happened, most of us were still unvaccinated or not yet 2 weeks after second dose because vaccination had only just opened up for the young adult group. We also had to bear with the restrictions and being labelled unvaccinated even though it wasn't our choice, MOH haven't sent us the SMS invite for the jab yet. Just curious, why did it take so long for you to take your shot?
It's unprecedented in the fact that it happened at a SAP school. Honestly, I am very much against the bias against ITE students but you have to admit that if accidents such as this happen, they usually not always happen at schools like ITE. So the fact that it happened at such a prestigious school might be the shocking factor in this case. Also, the fact that the victim was only 13 years old
It's very infuriating to see some Singaporeans defending Russia and madman Putin actions on CNA or ST Facebook and describing all these as western propaganda.
It's very inspiring and brave, but I personally think he had a way to get a better outcome for his people, even if his people didn't want that outcome.
It's what happens when you let the government't make all the decisions. It's collective blame and consequences
It's worse than that. people will call you a hater for not drinking the green milk
It's worst than that u know last year we have a energy shortage due to china coal plants being down, Russia cold weather, Europe in general are lacking in gas supply ,opec not ramping up production as banks or funds are still money shy from the negative oil market futures they seen during 2020. Guess whose fault it's that? People's Action Party
It's written in SAF policy. I'm not sure about SPF tho. However this may have been a judgment call by the cop if he felt his life was in danger
Its a self-fulfilling prophecy. Renters are louder about the benefits because they probably have thought about making The Move for awhile and it was only a matter of getting finances in order. people who are happy staying with their parents are likely to just stay put and not really talk about it. Also, renting is only becoming more accepted in recent years among a younger demographic and is far from the cultural norm.
Its all from the podcast. During the showdown, the new guard realised they lost and disappeared from the stage the. They reappeared awhile later to concede defeat . And Ministry of Education a few weeks later announced that they won't be hiring AWARE anymore for sex ed. Coincidence?
Its also very cheap compared to property prices in other major cities. No such thing as a 3 rm flat for 300k in NYK.
Its fine, its the internet what people think about my comments doesn't matter. Plus people aren't very good at laughing when bad shit happens.
Its fine, we are still managing fairly well. I just wish the system was more friendly to other structured families, but thanks for your concerns.
Its framed as 'protection of the unvaccinated' when in fact, one of the reasons for current community transmission is in part because of people who insist on not getting vaccinated, in spite of evidence suggesting it is safe to do so
Its funny because in the 60s, we passed radically liberal abortion laws for its time and then made it even more progressive in the mid 70s that updated bill is still in place today and I remember reading that the then-Health Minister told religious people to suck it up. TL DR we used to not care about what religious people think for better or worse
its how you message it, i agree that putting it right down to the issue you dislike is the best. Sometimes things get generalied more.
Its just that I have come across articles where a person decides to undergo HRT or serious at a young age, only for the treatment to not be entirely successful, that they regret making the choice to do so or they do not have the funds to continue the treatment What age would that be? Most countries restrict it to those aged 17 and above. Also, there is no medical procedure that has a 100% satisfaction rate. More importantly, nobody is saying otherwise about HRT or serious. The medical consensus is that while not everyone will have their dysphoria be alleviated, it still represents the best tools at doing so in patients it is indicated for.
its like personal Facebook. I tot we friend? We all don't want to friend you liao
its like the government doesn't give a solitary shit and just throws a dart at a dartboard about what to close. no social distancing on MRT, buses, and advise that most of population should be back to work . they keep the borders open, now the indian variant is here. actually, lets punish the sinkies because they didn't download our government app
Its like when we are playing a team game like DOTA, your team just need 1 off player and the whole game is screwed. Much more if you have 2.
Its more like theyve grown up thinking that pork is bad and dirty , to the point that even touching the can indirectly is sth they mentally cannot accept. Im speaking from my observation within my own muslim family
Its not a boomer thing, this is not common in some part of the world and I only encountered this in Singapore and honestly its a really poor decision, to have kids to secure your future.
its not cowardly to want to avoid permanent debilitating injury. even BJ Penn got KOed in a bar fight.
Its not even about that, its about being respectful when others say no. Unfortunately their incentive is against such things. Sales are actually not about that, its about listening and finding the right audience who appreciates the product. This is just blatant pushing.
its not infinity pool! However if you're ever back in Singapore. Do visit LVL33 bar at MBFC, they have a viewing gallery where its open air + no one will get in your shot a wide angle view where you overlook the bay. rly pretty. I'll prolly post it here again soon once i revisit that place
Its not just the elderly, other age groups students and young adults have yet to reach vax level that is high enough as well.
Its not like I dont want to sleep good ol' insomnia cuts my available sleep time by half
Its not the worst country but still one of the worst for sure. Sleep more everyone!
Its not. If anything its counter productive. Its just one more stupid incident that people can use against the LGBGT to justify bigotry and hate.
its ok brother you take that shit use it as motivation, work hard and make her eat her words. Success is the best revenge.
Its really unfortunate. I on the other hand was bullied by quite a handful of Indian classmates back in my secondary school and I kinda know how you feel. You are 16 so you should be graduating soon? My only advice is, try to focus on who you want to be and not what others are saying. Sure they might insult how your appearance, smell or intellect, but realistically that just reflect badly on themselves rather than your culture.
Its really unimaginable to hear of such news in Singapore. The 16 year old is just waiting to take someone's life at the toilet. For that period, nobody knows that there is an incident going to happen and it could be anyone. I hope the RVH students are okay.
its sad how we have to go back to this state again. we had it under control man.
Its small actually,buttock size big and arm length legs spiders were common sight at garden and park during the 80s.
Its the same guy that goes on air and tell his citizens that Ukraine is alone in this fight in the first day of war.
Its very complicated with india. They have two main rivals - china and pakistan. They share a special relationship with russia almost like US and france . India doesnt have much beef with US but US kinda supports pakistan. but at the same time, US and china see each other as a threat, which works in india's favour.
its your own company life , i think you can choose the employee wife you want. Especially those that work live together with you. There is alot of reasons to not want certain employee wife , some base off experience it could be indians, it could be PRC chinese or basically anyone. Even minorities employer men may have their own preference. So do you go out of your way to date minorities exclusively because your previous gf is the same race as you to fulfill diversity numbers? No, you'll judge the fuck out of everyone by race, income, height, attractiveness, personality etc. Why? Because it's a once in a lifetime choice. Companies hiring employees and even large REIT corporations renting out shops do not share this racial bias because they have statistics of large numbers on their side. Their risk is diversified. But an individual or a landlord owning a single property is very risk adversed. If you already got hit by a car, the statistics of how low probability it is to get hit by a car doesn't matter to you as an individual. Of course, I'm not justifying their behavior or anything. No stakes in the game. Merely trying to explain why some people act the way they do. I believe if the risks can be negated through regulation, more people would be willing to take the risk.
its your own property company , i think you can choose the tenant employee you want. Especially those that live in work together with you. There is alot of reasons to not want certain tenant employee , some base off experience it could be indians, it could be PRC chinese or basically anyone. Even minorities landlord employer may have their own preference. Notice how we can change one or two words, and suddenly it's not alright anymore?
its your own property, i think you can choose the tenant you want. Especially those that live in together with you. There is alot of reasons to not want certain tenant, some base off experience it could be indians, it could be PRC chinese or basically anyone. Even minorities landlord may have their own preference.
Ive been so used to seeing apes doing mudshots over and over that this is actually a really refreshing change.
ive spent more of my life abroad than here and i would definitely place singapore as one of the more racist places around. people are obsessed over race, class, nationality, dialect.etc so i cant understand people who buy into the marketing kool aid because that is just a means to get people to shut up rather than face up to any issues here. but hey, tai chi culture here is strong
James Gomez and the missing nomination papers Dude tried to play his Opposition sympathy card but forgot about CCTV. No doubt he's a clown for screwing up his papers two consecutive elections.
Jamus from RI . This is beginning to look like Vivian really has an axe to grind with RI.
Jamus got me craving for warm cockles at 4 in the morning, fuck my life. Gotta have me some char kway teow extra hum for breakfast later.
Jamus has the complete package. So eloquent and confident. I think ladies will drool and vote for him.
Jamus is indeed impressive but many are using the term paper general which i feel diminishes the point. The point is to say acknowledge and highlight that WP is qualified and experienced but at the same time people put down another candidates experience and not acknowledging their possible contributions. I think we need to care about politics by researching all sides because it would not be healthy to maintain and not question stereotypes of any one person. Of course if after research you still believe the same way, then that's great! edit because i realised i didnt reply to the intended comment. so altered phrasing to suit the level of comment
Jamus is so dam eloquent. Yeah he started out abit shaky probably from nerves but he destroyed this debate.
Jamus Lim has already done just that at the start of his closing speech. He stated that the incumbent doesn't always have the best ideas and the point is to inject proper debate on whose ideas are best for the policy making process. In other words, they do have the belief that they have the better idea on some aspects, and they are willing to debate on them in parliament. And in the process of doing just that, People's Action Party doesn't have a blank cheque to cash out on whatever they want. Why? Because even People's Action Party has stated repeatedly, including Balakrishnan and Wong, that nobody's perfect in their ideas and ways. But what do people focus on? Only the blank cheque part. Come on, the closing was 1.5 mins long.
Jamus Thank you, I enjoyed the debate actually Vivian smiles in his heart we need to sack all the People's Action Party's recruitment team, how come we get Ivan Lim and this guy is now with WP? , sengkang side need to fight hard. siao liao wei
Jesus . Thanks for your links seriously every now and then my opinion on the Malaysian government keeps declining into being a cringey parody.
Jesus fucking Christ. My thoughts and prayers go to everyone related ito RV in any sense. I can't imagine how being a parent of said students in the school feel right now. Please stay safe, and take care. And to those making senseless jokes and memes, please stop. There's a time and place for everything, and it certainly isn't right here and now.
Jesus, that's why I will never work in the service industry because I would flip at the first customer talking to me like that. My sister works in the hospitality industry in Europe and even her boss told her that if customers are ever overly rude like this she should tell her and she have them kicked out of the hotel restaurant. Elitism and behaviour like this can be found everywhere, but in singapore its especially bad
Jesus. I can imagine the paperwork that's gonna happen afterwards. Judging only from the video, policeman made a valid call. The man seemed to be charging towards him with a weapon. Though not sure if tasers were possible and could have been used instead
Jesus. Let me break it down for you like this It's like if a kid assaulted someone, and his mom gave him a smack in the back of the head. Then he cries to everyone about getting an UNWANTED smack. Then I make a comment about the word UNWANTED, and say when is a smack in the head something that's ever wanted? And then you reply to my comment with 4 or 5 paragraphs saying SMaCkIng Ur kID iS ILlegAL! Guess what? I don't care. I was discussing the word unilateral being placed in front of sanctions. Like the word unwanted in front of smack. There. Are we clear?
Jialat. Not a nice thing to say. Look down on other people's background. He should know better.
Jo Teo come on guys. How hard is it to stay together? If you guys horny, small space is enough. MMTF yeah, we already let you guys gather in 2 people. Don't worry, won't fine you couple.
Joal Ong and the bunnyjanjan saga? I pity bunnyjanjan, I knew of her personally and she's actually a nice person in real life. Hope she is doing ok
Jokes aside the dude is probably suffering from a serious mental illness. Cops could probably see that which is why they went for a non-lethal shot.
Jokes on you I actually just keep eating Big Macs until I puke, skipping the treadmill entirely.
Jolovan Wham was already on a shitlist, so they made an example out of him. A literal handful of kids just maybe old enough to smoke? They will remind them what they have to lose going down this path. Unless they have an escape route for them overseas, they will start thinking twice
Jovan Chew single-handedly destroyed the already failing reputation of Sim Lim Square. I still remember I used to go to Sim Lim to get my PC parts. Now I'd rather order online.
Junior doctors quitting residency is because staying in public healthcare with no guarantee of Associate Con position is a raw deal, and not necessarily because of the current strain, no? They can earn more outside with the private medical groups.
Just 30 years ago you can raise 2-3 kids with a job driving taxi as a sole breadwinner. Singapore has come very far now to be where we are, but at a cost of those who can't keep up being left behind
Just a casual labour. We conduct hall checks every 30mins which is why I'm able to see some parts of the movie every so often
Just a demon? Wow, how pedestrian. I had to join a cult, cut off 3 of my limbs and sacrifice my immediate and extended family to raise Satan himself as my child. Get on my level of parenthood.
Just a POV from a you only live once guy whose fiance has his own comparable income, doesnt need to support parents, has no kids, has no car. So I'm commenting only from an armchair. 1. Fuck the wedding celebrations shit. 2. Financially stretched from having two kids? Have one kid. 3. Drive a car only during your children's younger years. Once they're big enough to use public transport, stop.
Just another crazy Singaporean Christian fundie. Nobody else in the world talks like this or is this obsessed with gathering data on gay people. It is literally your calling card. Just deal with your own repressed homosexuality and please stay in Singapore as you are actually the anal cancer of the world. You are literally the only people in the world going around quoting 20 year old data on gay people and constantly beating the drum of anal sex. Newsflash you have no idea wheat you are talking about, the HPV vaccine exists in this day and age, and this is a conversation only crazy Singaporean Christian fundies are having with themselves and their Alabama pastor. The rest of the developed world doesn't talk like this so take your 1997 conversation elsewhere. Bye
Just apply straight to the healthcare institutions. If she gets a job offer, she can then get a temporary nursing license and visa to work here and after passing probation, be registered with Singapore Nursing Board.
Just australia. And they are coming under heavy fire from their local populace for barring citizens from returning. Its not a popular policy apparently
Just because they didn't mean to doesn't mean it doesn't affect other people. They are still required to be held accountable for their actions and word that hurt people, because at the end of the day, they did hurt people.
just because you identify as something you are not But how do you know they're not?
just because you managed to sit your suicidal thoughts out does not mean OP can do the same. no two situation is built equal. if you don't have the decency to empathise then use your brain to think. don't you reckon those who seek emergency treatment for suicidal thoughts would've exhausted all their options like sitting down at a park to get a breather and are desperate to get help before their mind pushes them over the edge? my god
Just bench and a set of dumbbells are no match for actual squats and deadlifts with a barbell. Sorry
Just curious and more of doing a fact-check why is the health worker keeping his distance from the author and even his own family ? Suppose if he really does have the virus, can it even be spread like this?
Just do these - only those who are fully vaccinated for over 2 weeks, and or have exemption signed by a registered medical doctor can dine in - jail for fake vaccination or exemption status edit minor fix
Just doing what a decent human being should do, not sure why others are saying to interfere, if someone interferes and the assailant miss a step and crack his head on the floor guy who interfered gonna get screwed too
Just don't use vulgarities or threats, be VERY passive aggressive and sarcastic. That'll piss off the aunties.
Just found a new job but haven't sign contract yet. Maybe gonna get screwed over again by this
Just from a quick good search of just reddit threads you can see it's not a problem that is only specific to Singapore.
Just get a dog. They're amazing n life changing Agree with getting dogs. That's the best we sinkies can do to meet our parental instinctual needs. At least the government can't send our dogs to their schools and NS.
Just give 2.6k salary can already. Because OT doesn't apply to people earning more than that amount
just give me 35 seconds. I'll share with you how i slept for 8 hours in just 2 hours. i promise.
just gotta wait for the old guard to pass on. we need leaders of the new generation, because the old gen really can't relate to the troubles we r having right now as young adults
just ignore and walk, dont even make eye contact. Important skill to learn in singapore to be honest
Just ignore them. You don't have to be polite. They will pester you if you respond to them. You are their prey. No reason to be nice to them when they are just after your money and targeting even students.
Just imagine how scary it would have been for the students there Imagineif you were3 having lesson then lockdown drill sounds u dk anything so yall follow instructions then u talk shit with ur freind 1 hour later cher announces that someone got killed in school, in a toilet where u could have been the one ded rest in peace
Just imagine out of nowhere a giant construction truck going over 40km or h comes crashing into her
Just know that you are in control. U can stop and if u don't like just walk. Always will be sales people around. Reject a few more times and u will be pro at this alr.
Just last year, River Valley High School , Nanyang Technological University, PSB Academy, Singapore Management University, and Singapore University of Social Sciences were all recognized for their efforts to increase mental health awareness on their campuses . In a virtual Zoom ceremony attended by Minister of State for Education and Manpower Gan Siow Huang, they were presented with the first Silver Ribbon Mental Health Awards for Schools . The school has developed a positive education framework for teachers and educated peer support leaders to give mental health assistance to its students.
Just let the corrupted system crash and burn.it's not the healthcare professionals' job to burn themselves to keep others warm especially when its the management fuck up.
Just like how Henry Ford said that Any customer can have a car painted any colour that he wants, so long as it is black. , this landlord allows tenants of any race, as long as they are Chinese.
Just like Ukraine, even though we are small The only country larger than Ukraine by mass in Europe is Russia. And Russia is the largest country by land mass in the world. I'm not sure why people are trying to shoehorn parallels between Ukraine and Singapore to seem relevant. In case you think I am fear-mongering or theory-crafting, read up on Konfrontasi. Konfrontasi was driven by anti-british sentiments with the view that the formation of the Malaysian federation was a neo-colonial move. Also as a geopolitical bogeyman to distract from internal duress. You are just keyword spamming
Just make it law you stupid fools. Sinkie bosses are stubborn lil fockers. Old men mentality.
Just my 2c, splurging on wedding and having kids when your financial situation isn't stable is ultimately bad for your life in general. I acknowledge my own privilege in that I have a degree and likely will have access to higher paying jobs but I guess ways that we can make our own lives better and easier 1. Upskill 2. Learn to invest 3. Live below your means Yes, I know easier said than done, but better to try than to resign to your fate I guess. Alternatively, migrate to a LCOL country. that's a possibility too
Just my 2cents, chinese, indian, malay, we are the human race. Races to me refers to humans, goblins, orcs, elves, etc. gamers will get the idea. what i tell my son all the time is beneath the skin, we are all red. Beneath the multitude of different cultures and religions, we are mostly concerned with similar problems survival, dreams, love, family . That said, i always emphasise on consistency. You cannot be complaining on racial discrimation while at the same time calling for death or discriminating of LGBT or people with different lifestyle choices. This is what I often see here.
Just my take. We can agree or disagree with my opinion. For anti vaxxers, is their hard headed belief that they dun trust vaccinations. Be it having 5G or trackers or whatever. They are also part of a herd community who believes this. For smoking, you can't make one whole smoking community go cold turkey like that. Unlike drugs, tobacco worldwide is still making money. So money and habits. For chewing gum, the banned is because of the difficulty of cleaning them up. Especially, back then, the problem is for our trains, where people stick their gum on the doors of trains. And it causes problems for signal sesnor to close the door to allow the train to move. Also, we can't have a place designated just to chew gum. And it's not as addictive as tobacco. So the ban is easier to implement
Just need to enforce vaccination for Toto and all kopitiams serving beer. Then watch vaccination rates soar
Just note that in Asia, only 3 UN member countries as of now have official sanctions against Russia.
Just our experience when our infant got covid. Local GP wait was around 40 minutes, as soon as GP saw our kid they said go straight to KK a&e fever . KK a&e overall time from getting there to getting admitted into a ward was around 4 hours which honestly wasn't that bad. Overall very professional experience at KK given the overall chaos of the situation the covid holding area was outdoors etc .
Just out of curiosity who do you think the municipal authority professionals should report to? Self regulated? TC, MP, HDB, you as a resident? Resident committee?
Just pass a temporary law for this. If they can do it for TT and mask wearing, they can do it for this too.
Just put the 200,000 elders in Tekong. Give them weapon. Survival of the fittest. Problem solved I am being sarcastic
Just recently I commented a similar post as yours OP, and I'm getting downvoted to oblivion.I really understand how you feel as a Malay. Take my upvote My comment I posted was
just remember to be civil to them, they are just doing their job. you can say no and walk on or if I'm in a bad mood, I just be extra agreeable to lead them on but i keep walking.
Just reverse the pitch on them and ask if they're interested in financial freedom. As thanks to them for them offering you such great value , you're giving them a limited time offer . Normally it's 4k SGD for 10k worth of lessons. But if they sign up now, it's only $1699 . What a steal! They can even pay in instalments at a 7.2% interest rate. Imagine being to quit your Storytel job. Don't need to stand outside and get rejected non stop. They'll turn tail and run super fast
just say no. if they keep hard selling u, stand firm tell them they could be 'suckering' some other person into buying their sh t, but they are wasting their time on u, because at the end of the day, u'll not be signing up or buying it.
just say that nlb offers the same services as storytel FOR FREE. Why should I subscribe to storytel? anyways , usually I would just wear my earphones and pretend I'm in a zoom meeting.
Just stop going to a&e if you have mild symptoms for goodness sake, stop being selfish Singaporean. If you have fever, eat panadol, if your fever don't stop after this then go a&e, if not stay at home for goodness sake, if you have cough, take cough syrup etc. Unless you have super high fever that doesn't subside with medication, have symptoms of heart attack, have Vo below 95, cannot breathe, then go to a&e. The same people who shout healthcare worker is poor chap are the same people that flood the a&e and GP. If your covid status is not registered, so be it, just take the booster, you need it to travel anw, not many countries recognise prior infection. Living overseas context I live in UK and I got covid before and see how your fellow Singaporean behave really make you throw face sometimes, the hospital is full because of the backward and selfish mentality of some people and no, we don't have big house here, I got covid and my wife is not, we just isolate on separate room and using the shared toilet . And, no, Singapore hospital is not an end of the world, the hospital here is even worse, GP don't want to see you f2f because of covid, elective surgery like broken bones waitlist can be 1 year until sometimes it heal itself etc. Singapore hospital is really very good already P.S. England just announced the end of self isolation for covid today and treating it like flu, I think if this is Singapore, there may already be riot in Hong Lim park, but people here knows how to behave like an adult and don't need government telling them each and every step that they need to take, while vilifying the same government
Just talked to my family about the same scenario for America and no president in the last 50 years would do what the Ukrainian president is doing. Hell if it was Biden or Trump and our country was attacked they would be in a Canadian bunker before they even sent out any message to the public
Just tell them you are a poor student and got no money. You want to read books is it? Lai xiao di, big brother teach you, go to z-lib.org You can download almost ANY BOOK YOU WANT from this website. If you want to go the legal route, go to nlb. Don't need to be shy and afraid to offend salespeople. Just say no and walk away. If you scared to offend them, then pretend to be on a call or something then cannot talk to them.
Just this line alone is telling LGBT people that we are not healthy and our families are not considered stable. This can push LGBT students into thinking that they're broken and need fixing, and can even push them towards suicide from feeling that a huge part of them is wrong. Is that what we want? To hurt people just because they are not cishet? The world is not black and white. If something is portrayed healthy doesn't mean that something that something that doesn't fit it is unhealthy. Pulling suicide card is way too extreme. Being LGBTQ is usually not a choice. If it was, there wouldn't be any given how much harder life is as one. And why is family values so important that we have to demonize a vulnerable minority which ironically leads to some of us being driven out of the family? Nobody demonises the minority, why so much of a pity party? We live in a free world. Noone cares about any types of unions. And yet, we have a law criminalizing homosexual sex and the prohibition of homosexual marriage to prevent LGBT people from ever setting up a family legally. Again you pulling that card. Million times explained it's not enforced and not technically enforceable, but it's still brought up. Legally family is a union of people of opposite gender. Period. You or I may like it or not, but it is so. And this is the second time you have typed lgbtqwhatever and even played the agenda card. Kinda shows your biasness here. And to answer, would you feel equal if you were prohibited from marrying, and having sex is criminalized just because some people feel icky about it? In a country where a lot of things are tied to marriage, LGBTQ people lose out on them just because some people feel icky about LGBTQ people. That, if you don't realize, is backwards. That's self-entitlement and not justification of your position. Nobody is equal in this world, it's a leftist agenda, it's a lie. Nobody is equal, just suck it up. It is what it is. There is legal definition of marrying, where family is defined as a union of 2 people of opposite genders. You can't marry a goat or a telegraph pole, and if you, as a government would allow that, where would be the line? Whining about criminalised sex perhaps may work for people not knowledgeable with the matter, but we both know that it's not enforced for a long time and technically not enforceable. And one more thing, noone is icky about lgbtwatewer. That's too much attention to the matter. Most people just don't care. Your sexuality should be your - and only your - I don't want to know about it.
Just thought I'd put this out there IQ helps you do well in school - EQ helps you enjoy your time there. IQ gets you your dream job - EQ gets you through the interview. IQ helps you do well in your job - EQ gets you noticed for promotion. IQ helps you know what to do - EQ helps you figure out the best way to do it. Someone with high IQ but no EQ will be the brilliant asshole - a high performer that no one will fire because they do such good work but no one will promote because they step on too many toes. Someone with high EQ but no IQ will be the well-meaning idiot - a low performer that no one really has the heart to fire but no one will want to promote either.
Just to provide a different, more philosophical POV beyond the usual economic consideration others have already pointed out. I'm reading Sally Rooney's new book, and this portion about being pregnant in this day and age particularly sticks out. I'm not saying, by the way, that I think that's important for everyone. I only think, and I can't explain why, that it's important for me. Also, I could not stomach the idea of having an abortion just because I'm afraid of climate change. For me and maybe only for me it would be a sort of sick, insane thing to do, a way of mutilating my real life as a gesture of submission to an imagined future. I don't want to belong to a political movement that makes me view my own body with suspicion and terror. No matter what we think or fear about the future of civilisation, women all over the world will go on having babies, and I belong with them, and any child I might have belongs with their children. I know in a thin rationalist way that what I'm saying doesn't make any sense. But I feel it, I feel it, and I know it to be true. I'm not in the breeder tribe myself, but I thought this was poignant.
Just track down their email address, usually can find via FB or googling their name. Mine is a minister and I noticed he's more responsive to emails to his ministry address, so I send there.
Just wait 30 years for all the boomers to become old and senile.we'll have the real power then.
Just wanted to add that in case anyone is looking, I think there are a couple of helplines posted on Mothership if u need some help National Care Hotline 1800-202-6868 Samaritans of Singapore 24-hour Hotline 1800-221-4444 Singapore Association for Mental Health 1800-283-7019 Institute of Mental Health 6389-2222 24 hours Tinkle Friend 1800-274-4788 for primary school-aged children AWARE Women's Helpline 1800-777-555 10am - 6pm, Monday to Friday I heard the Boon Lay community FSCs are available too. Please don't be afraid to reach out. You will be fine.
Just wanted to point out.They are giving the 50% discounts for car rental fees, not fares.
Just wanted to rant. Last year we had planned a wedding before covid hit. Nearer to our wedding, cheebye hit and we had to postpone. Venue gave us one more year to postpone and here we are. Was looking forward to the reception which is in a few weeks time and. cheebye again. Damn. I feel for you. My cousin was supposed to get married last year, and the whole family booked flights from all corners of the world to make it happen in Singapore, only to have restrictions and cheebye not long after. Then we were told that 2021 would be a better year with travel bubbles and what not, but it seems we are seeing 2020 mk2.
Just wanted to rant. Last year we had planned a wedding before covid hit. Nearer to our wedding, cheebye hit and we had to postpone. Venue gave us one more year to postpone and here we are. Was looking forward to the reception which is in a few weeks time and. cheebye again. Sian .
Just went there today after seeing this post. I long wanted to try russian food, especially after watching life of boris on youtube. The owner is a nice russian-chinese lady who will help you with recommendations if you ask. You probably need her help unless u can read russian. Things I bought - Russian cheese - Doctor's sausage - Zephir apple flavoured sweet made from egg whites - Kvass fermented beverage made from black bread Other things to try - Kefir fermented milk drink - Smetana sour cream - Pashtet if you're feeling brave Address 272 River Valley Rd, Singapore 238315 Website
karaoke lounge source was from Jurong Fishing Port which probably got it from one of the Indonesian boats supplying our fish. The Vietnamese hostess at karaoke lounge have already been here for quite some time so it doesn't make sense for them to be the original source in the first place.
Karma comes early. Yeah. Can't express my happiness more when I see People's Action Party loses . mandate given to People's Action Party? pui! You got no mandate with such losses across the board
KBG school not lousy. Off to gulag! Russian president invites you to You're honored to accept
Keep going! Saying no is a skill, it takes practice to refine it. I'm also trying to be better at it
Keep your $2 with your $50 and it will started smelling like m o n e y
Keep your eyes peeled for whip snakes my man. Those things are absolutely drop dead gorgeous, and not uncommon at PRP
KFC should spend less time memeing and more time asking themselves why their chicken is inedible compared to Jollibee's
Kicks and knees to the head are taken very seriously where I'm from UK . Usually can mount to an attempted murder charge. Not sure if its the same in Singapore?
Kid trying to regain composure Parent STOP CRYING AND DO YOUR WORK. WANT ME CANE AGAIN IS IT? Kid cries harder. Sadge
Kid was in the wrong place at the wrong time. I can't even begin to imagine what it's like for his friends and family right now. I really do hope they find peace. Absolutely terrible.
Kids are jerks by nature. They don't have the EQ to understand the other person. They will make fun of you even if your name sounded a little weird.
Kids are kids so they can be excused. Unfortunately your anger is misdirected at them. But please call out any adults doing it, and keep the traditions alive as far as you can
Kids are not very vulnerable. Data from large scale studies show in uk show they are less vulnerable than people in their 20s who are vaccinated so hope they are not banned.
Kids can be influenced by more than their parents immediate and distant relatives, their classmates with shitty parents, or just overhearing racist satire on TV or other media and thinking that it's worth emulating.
Kids have bullied other kids, even with the same skin as theirs. Acquired behaviour, yes. In the context of OP, no
Kids mimic what is being taught at home. I've also seen plenty of racist adults , .
Kids under 12 are my concern. No vaccine available, and evidence that delta are sending more of them to hospital than earlier variants. I have little sympathy if stubborn old people don't want to be vaccinated and get infected but kindergarten and primary schools are a petri dish for infections.
Kimak lanjiao sia. I kena before once. Me and my malay buddy was just eating at a mamak store around 3-4am during puasa. Minding our own fucking business. Some fucking taxi pakcik order drink right across the table. Decided his religious cock was hard and went to our table and make small talk. Thinking it would like some 5 minute trash talk. It became a religious preach and we were just nodding our heads the whole hour then he had to leave. Fucking hell. edit we probably think it was karma, we spend 30 mins before talking about hentai and porn.
kissing your girlfriend on campus was like a national taboo or something brother, this is most Singapore schools , not just rv.
Kneeling a guy in the head when on the ground just proves he is not tough but a pathetic human
Knew storytel are bad but damn. hardselling YEARLY subscription that you can't cancel till next year
Know that you didn't bring the kid into this world, but trying your best to do good for the kid since he or she has already been born
Know your consumer rights, and inform the bank you are coerced into it. I don't think coercion works as a dispute reason, and the cardholder needs to get it right the first time.
Knowing the attitude of locals, I think we will really self sabo first because we screw up while maintaining the power plant and Singapore no more thanks to nuclear disaster
Korochki , if you can find them there. They're rye bread croutons in a number of flavours I quite like the horseradish ones . Alyonka chocolate, which is iconic and delicious. A lot of Russian dairy products are actually really good because of some Soviet policies dating back to the 30s. So if you're able to find Russian ice cream in the shop, I highly recommend giving it a go.
Kudos for being so calm despite what just happened. Your school mates will probably find your attitude reassuring. Stay safe in the meantime.
Kudos to the police. Very rarely they actually discharge firearms but in this real situation he is still able to shoot a non-lethal area.
Kvass, a fermented cereal-based non-alcoholic or low alcoholic beverage. A good one smells and tastes like bread.
l maybe a minority amongst the minorities. But regardless I would like to give credit where credit is due. I am fortunate to have spent almost my entirely life to be among nice people. Of course there are a few bad apples, be it racists or idiots etc. Now that Im in university my clique are all chinese except me. I am grateful with the amount of respect we have with each other. We do talk about race, and I appreciate that even one my chinese friends had understanding about Malay culture and history. Not only in university, my cliques in NS and my part time jobs were all nice and awesome generally. This include having nice Chinese neighbours as well. Maybe Im one of the lucky few, but I still believe we have tolerent people around. I hope you get to meet such people too.
Language requirements for a job is not the same as this. You know for some jobs speaking a specific language is required.
Last time I stayed 11th floor. Imagine having to climb the stairs everyday if I still live in SK, now that I know the lifts are not safe and there are no upgrades for them since People's Action Party lost P I will be so fit.
Last time parents will fuck the kid if the kid don't know how to do his work. Now if the kid don't know. immediately pick up phone and fuck the teacher.
Late Lee Kuan Yew once said something along the lines of the people of Singapore is important to Singapore and that's why the government is hoping to increase the birth rate of the country by offering rewards. I'm sure the government would pay to get them back
Latest data for the chart is from 2016. I'd assume that with updated data, especially from the WFH period, the negative-number would be even bigger.
Laugh crying this. PTSD. Also bothers me that the sun is still out, only one book is open, no grills on the window and no musical instrument in sight. .
Laughs in university. I try to sleep at least 5hrs each day. but dang. so many assignments for my final year.
Law is not meant to be read as an algorithm where anything that fulfils a description of an act equals to wrong and worthy of punishment. Law hopefully expresses what a society considers to be right or wrong in a broad way, but it's neither exhaustive, perfect in expressing it nor beyond criticism. It also isn't equally effective for all communities. Understood this way, there can be competing considerations that are equally valid. This in itself doesn't mean a contempt for law. It is the utmost respect for it, an aspiration to improve it. In this case, a community that has been constantly dehumanised for their physiological attributes + identity expression for no rational reason, and all other methods to try and get a place at the table have been exhausted - civil disobedience is the last resort to critique and advocate change. source am researcher in the field
Lawd, I work in a GP clinic and I wish I could go off on these people when they call in and take out on me their frustrations with MOH on me and my colleagues for really simple shit. I test ART positive, what should I do now? Been stuck in my room for 3 days and MOH hasn't followed up! What do you want me to do about it? It's not like I have some secret psychic link to MOH
lawrence wong is just being tongue-in-cheek pretty good bantz too tan see leng is basically just saying ehh don't drag me into this but vivian. lets see if he actually has the balls to respond to this.
Laws are made by people. people are imperfect. Therefore laws can also be imperfect. people can also change and adapt. Therefore laws can also be adapted.
Lawyer up, write a will and ensure I make the appropriate nominations for monies or assets under the various government bodies HDB, cpf etc. I guess family members can contest if they want to and if they decide to do so, the will needs to be iron-clad. Part of it tho, is to maintain good relations with them and tell them if I go before my future wife, don't be typical Malay douchebags and take what's hers. We worked hard together to put a roof over our heads and to have decent savings for ourselves. We don't intend to have kids anyway.
leadership is like shit. Everything got new restrictions. Didn't even get rid of the ones from before CNY even though we went back to 0-1 average the last few mths
Learn to say no next time. Consider submitting a complain to CASE? Can try calling your bank to request a chargeback citing unauthorised charge? Saw online that they offer 14 days trial, so pretty sure that you can contest the charge as unauthorised since you've cancelled if storytel doesn't refund you
Learn to say no. Nobody cares if you appeared rude, most people don't even remember what they ate for lunch the day before. Good grief.
Least we forgot who LMW is ,wiki enty Leong began his career in 1986 with the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation and subsequently worked with global investment banks in Tokyo, London and Hong Kong, assisting more than 100 companies in their IPOs and fund raising. He returned to Singapore in 1997 to assume an appointment as Managing Director of OCBC Securities, a wholly owned subsidiary of OCBC Bank, and one of the leading securities and futures brokerage firms in Singapore. He is currently the Chief Executive Officer of his own private equity firm, Timbre Capital. surely VB didn't achieve anywhete near what LMW did in his life thru his own effort and merit
Lee Hsien Loong and Halimah Yacob will do the inverse tell the US we don't need ammunition, we need a ride . Meanwhile Ho Ching will berate all singaporeans especially the middle class and below on FB, telling us we are useless cowards for not protecting singapore and being bullet shields.
Lee Hsien Loong don't need eye power. My sargen from doorframe can eyepower 8 bunks and 16 shelves, can tank for him one.
Lee Hsien Loong is a high ranking officer in the army no? Halimah Yacob will be useless in a fight though.
Lee Hsien Loong is a senior citizen now. So even if he runs, so be it. He's operationally ready date mood already anyway. I think Halimah will run, she's selected to be president. She's not a true leader. Now the more interesting question would be. Do you think if Ong Ye Kung becomes Prime Minister. Do you think he will run at the first sign of danger but then make broadcasts about his quiet confidence for victory?
Lee Hsien Loong is already 70 years old. He's lived a meaningful and fulfilling life. He will gladly stay and die as a hero who is written into history if Singapore is attacked. The more relevant question to ask is, will you?
Lee Hsien Loong mrs president, please lead by example and fight in the war. Halimah I not fighting and not staying. I'm chosen by you to be president. Bye.
Lee Hsien Loong was a soldier for decades before politics. I believe he would easily know how to throw on a chest rig and helmet.
Lee Hsien Loong was offered a prestigious fellowship having graduated top of his class as Senior Wrangler at Cambridge. He topped the second rank by miles. The second ranked is now a world class mathematician. His Professors literally begged him to stay, even spoke to Lee Kuan Yew to convince him to stay. But Lee Hsien Loong wrote to his Professors to decline the offer explaining he had a duty to serve the SAF. It is also widely rumored that as an officer is the SAF, he is well liked by his ground troops as he often fought hard for their welfare. So to question his loyalty, it's disgusting.
Lee Hsien Loong was the youngest BG in history. The greatest warrior since Alexander the Great. He should be inserted in Kiev asap to turn the tide of battle
Lee Hsien Loong will probably be useful for command as he was an ex SAF general. Halimah Yacob on the other hand i don't think so
Lee Kuan Yew already tried that on CST nearly 40 years ago. It didn't work then and even more so it won't work now
Lee Kuan Yew has this to say about our pledge . What is it? An ideology? No. It's an aspiration. Will we achieve it? I do not know, we'll have to keep on trying. source Though the context of his arguments differs from this he was rebutting sensitive topics with respect to race and religion , I feel it remains very relevant to this discussion. As much as many of us, including politicians, are in for making Singapore more inclusive of the LGBTQ community, the larger part of our society is not. Unfortunately, we'll have to wait until the majority recognises them. That will take a while. We will have to keep on trying.
Lee kuan yew made a prediction about current leadership in 2009. I think it's coming the full circle now. covid is the test that might break them. Next up the economic fallout.
Lee Kuan Yew told him that if Singapore Chinese who were the descendants of poorly-educated coolies could make good, how much better mainland China could be if the right policies were adopted. Data shows that most Singaporeans are descended from indentured coolies and therefore do not have as much potential as other Chinese people. Read all about it here Sorry to hurt your feelings
Lee Kuan Yew was ready to go to war if Johor cut water supplies. Lee Kuan Yew and the other people who set up the system were also very paranoid because they lived through World War Two and during the Cold War. The SAF - from how we train in plantations on Tekong to the design of our vehicles - is geared towards fighting in Malaysian terrain. But generally Malaysia has largely not gaf about Singapore or its split. It spends very little on its military and military issues are never on the top of the list during elections.
Lee Kuan Yew was right! people are getting sick and tired of the ruling party. And it's time to switch. Matter of time 5 or 10 or 15 years before we have WP as the ruling party! Hooray!
Left most white shirt guy running in there with kicks and trying to stomp on the downed fella? Never seen that sort of approach before at all. And that kick on his butt? What's that about ? I mean everyone would be nervous in that situation but he just looks like he's all nerves.
Legit, even my friend's mother looked down on me. saying that he shouldn't hang out with me, because I had no future
Lemme put this on the back burner. Will share thoughts once I can structure a string of coherent paragraphs. Now Im just trying my best to take care of my mental health and not get sick.
Leong Lai Yee auntie boomer who ran a $35 million Ponzi scheme To add to this, Sunshine Empire. The guy got released from prison already.
less effective than what they have Why is it an either or? There has been covid recovered people who caught it again. I don't see any good reason this group shouldn't take the vaccination. It's not going to make their immunity less effective is it?
less hitting back more welcoming cute parts of nature into development. trees get curated while otters get vip passes.
Lest we forget some details that make the Christians involved look worse. 1 The usurpers originally planned to have the extraordinary general meeting at the Expo on the same day a Christian conference was held there. They later changed the venue under advice by the police for law and order reasons. 2 There were leaked emails which confirmed the subterfuge and blatantly religious motivations behind into the takeover Please ask your like-minded friends to join Aware so that you can give the vote to those who wish to be an agent of change for the Lord.Unfortunately, I cannot surface but shall be assisting in the background . Thio Su Mein, the 'feminist mentor' Please pray for Lord's wisdom to pass on this important message as it is confidential 3 If you thought the church stopped after the NCCS statement denouncing the use of the pulpit, then you were wrong. The Singapore edition of the Christian Post published two dissenting editorials after that Much as anyone would like to believe that secularism is the ideal state of affairs in a multi-religious context, it is not. Christianity among all world religions demands that God and only God be worshipped and obeyed. out came wrongful words from one who is standing in a thoroughly authoritative position to speak on behalf of Singapore's Protestants, and the bishop, who is supposed to be the defender of the faith.he called his members to account for a wrong they didn't even commit, and publicly at that.
Let me explain clearly to those who thinks of a racism every damn time what the message means. Hint - there is no racism whatsoever. I don't want to deal with shitty tenants and I know that most of tenants coming from country A are shitty. And I don't want to bite a bullet and let know people and whatnot, i just don't wanna take those risk, i wanna rent out the damn thing. Therefore, i blacklist the whole country or race. Yea, there are done decent people, but I just dont wanna take those risks
Let me give a simple example, if the home owner has already made up their mind to only consider female tenants, then why would the owner's prejudice be dispelled by meeting male applicants? I feel that advertising their requirements upfront will help both home owners and tenants to save time. On a side note, if a job advertisement lays out specific requirements like a certain GPA for fresh grads, working experience or language proficiency, would you also consider them to be discriminatory?
Let me give you an example, I respect indian culture and their own way of doing things but personally i dislike the smell of strong spices. I have no issues with my neighbours doing it, i can simply close my door and on my aircon and understand everyone have their own rights and preference of doing things. Now put it in a context i want to rent a room out and usually this also means the kitchen is shared for the tenant. Given i dislike this strong spice smell, why will I want to rent to a tenant that have a high likelihood of cooking such spices and potentially make me unhappy with it? Afterall, this is my own living space. This is just an example, many other things is possible, a muslim family may not want to rent out to a non muslim due to many difference in practises. They wont want their kitchen to be kept with Non-Halal food. Lastly just a personal example, since what i rent out is the whole flat, i dont really care that much on the race or gender of the tenant. There was once i rented to an indian tenant, and while i not entirely sure, i believe its part of either their culture or religion to burn a oil lamp at home. After 2 years when they return the flat, the spot where they burn the oil lamp badly damage my tiles and i have to replace it. I mean it is not exactly hard but it is just not convenient. There may be people who do not wish to go through that hassle. That being said, they are a nice family and i enjoyed working with them during the 2 years so i am not complaining, just sharing an experience.
Let me just start by saying that I have nothing against an individual for wanting to undergo a gender change, have nothing against the lgbtq people, and I do agree that more should be done by the ministry to give students more avenues in this matter. I personally feel that there should be a minimum age requirement before allowing an individual to undergo surgery. An excerpt taken from an article on has a paragraph that says Despite scientific evidence and existing clinical practice guidelines, critics also remain in the medical community. According to results of a poll hosted on Sermo, a global social platform for physicians, 94% of physicians think that an age minimum is an appropriate benchmark for patients who wish to transition more than half 62% of these respondents said that the minimum age should be 21 years, while nearly a third 32% said that age 18 years would be an appropriate minimum Also from the fact that puberty begins in males from 10-16 and can last 2 - 5 years, for females 9 - 14 and lasts 2 - 5 years as well. Which means for a male that undergoes puberty at 16 and lasting the maximum of 5 years will only end the change at 21 years of age. There have been reports on males undergoing a gender change at a young age, that do not successfully complete it, due to them still undergoing bodily change. I will admit I did not read their statement in full, but I would like to add that Rome was not built in a day, while I do like the fact that more youths are for the lgbtq movement, change cannot be forced overnight or within a few months. Even now, country's like America still grapples with this issue. Another couple of paragraph taken from the same article says Although transgender people may now feel safer to publicly express their gender, some lawmakers are creating policies that have the opposite effect. Since taking office, President Donald J. Trump has made efforts to roll back many of the steps undertaken by the Obama administration to bring equality and protection to the transgender community under federal law. In 2017, this included the removal of protections that allowed transgender students to use bathrooms that corresponded with their gender identity.12 In 2018, it took the form of the Trump administration attempting to narrowly redefine the concept of gender as a biological, immutable condition determined by genitalia at birth, 13 or essentially, as one New York Times article stated, defining the word transgender out of existence. Finally, please no name calling, just looking to have a healthy exchange of opinions, and to reiterate my beginning statement, I have nothing against people wanting to undergo a gender change, it's your choice ultimately, I just feel there should be a minimum age applied in order to prevent future complications from arising. Thanks for reading, and I look forward to hearing your opinions.
Let me preface this by saying those who can get vax definitely should But the government is just distracting us with this move, to shift the blame to the unvax But do we really believe for a second that if we had 100% vax right now, we wouldn't be in this 2 pax-only nonsense today? I put it to you that given their low risk appetite they would've come up with another excuse to impose these
Let me put in terms you can understand. 2001 won 50% of seats contested 2006 won 5% of seats contested. 2011 won 26% of seats contested. 2015 won 21% of seats contested. Their track record is sketchy, at best. But this is besides the point. The actual point is how they don't provide a solution that wipes out the People's Action Party and hopes to win on some technicality. That's just not sustainable.
Let me spell it out clearly for the racists in the chat I don't want want to rent to shitty tenants is perfectly fine. But get to know people and circumstances before you decide who's shitty. Nobody is obligated to rent to anyone but many countries have laws against what's going on here. people from this country or skin colour are shitty tenants makes you a textbook racist I'm sure you can look it up. PS. A lot of these people are saying it's not skin colour because they will rent to Singapore Indians. A That still makes you discriminatory b a lot of this venom has spilled over into our compatriots and you are making it worse for them
Let the self-proclaim personal finance advocate chime in. During your NS, don't waste your money and time clubbing. Instead, take up driving license before starting university or work. Wedding cost a lot so do save up and be reasonable with your expectations and budget. Project to make some losses so that you won't go W hotel when you can only afford Chinese restaurant food might be better here . If you urgent for house, can do sale of balance flats, wait less than 2 years typically. Go meet your MP, if you have baby can get even faster. And choose an affordable flat is different from choosing the most expensive flat you can afford. If you downpay less or loan longer, you are going to have higher interest costs. You can and should opt to leave $20k in your OA so it doesn't get wiped out by your house down payment. Find a sweet spot for loaning, if you loan 15 years, you can pay less interest. if you loan 25 years, make sure you invest some money as well. Ownself balance between budget and savings. 23% of your salary goes to OA after yours and employers contribution if your flat is affordable, you should be able to get surplus after paying your mortgage. And with the $20k left behind, you should enjoy 1% more interest this extra interest is credited to special account though . Again it boils down to affordability. After 25 years, if you did the above, you should have sufficient savings, don't forget to work hard so you get pay raise and bonuses as well. Don't spend your bonuses on holidays, wanderlust is overrated when you cannot retire comfortably and be a well traveled beggar. You can retire if you did the above well, earn more, spend less, invest more. Don't forget you got special account to add into your retirement too. You should be building your cpf account from day 1. Get yourself adequately covered for income protection, hospitalization, personal accident first, invest and savings plan come later. You should not require to sell back your flat if you build your cpf and your own outside cash properly. cpf is to help you get by, if you only rely on cpf when you retire then you're the reason why cpf needs to exist assuming you make reasonable wages, low income don't really have a choice other than to raise their income to slowly crawl up sorry . This is why I posted awhile back on why we need to learn about cpf so we don't get to complain like this and be so easily rebutted by a Chao insorlen agent myself .
Let us not forget that NDP is still going on. Really goes to show the priorities of our KPI-driven ruling class. It would be fine if it was meant to bring optimism to a nation and symbolise a proper reopening, but at this rate, this will be our version of the Tokyo Olympics.
Let us remind the Chinese that if they believe that they have a rightful claim to Singapore, then they can expect wholesale slaughter on their side should they choose to violate our sovereignty.
Let's be critical consumers and thinkers. Not every Russian wants a war. Besides, Ukraine and Russia have been so entwined historically, culturally, that it is common for them to have family and friends on both sides of the border, just like Singapore and Malaysia. Personally, I would love to try their food and be their customer to support their business. Peace!
Let's be real, we don't really have any principles, we're just following pressure from the West. At the same time, still good to see we're doing the right thing this time.
Let's face it. There is no racial harmony in Singapore. There is the illusion of an inclusive society because it has been legislated to be so
Let's hope when you decide to leave, you bring your family along with you. Because that would be most people's primary reason for fighting.
Let's just assume each person on a 150 seater narrow body flight costs SAF $300 - that's 45k Suddenly MFA asks to charter a flight from god knows what backwater city where Singaporeans are stranded because they haven't managed to get a direct flight out of India and because they want to avoid any land journey or air journey to Delhi or Mumbai because of covid. However only 5 people can make it - it's gonna have cost MFA $90k for that one flight per singaporean. Also I'm pretty sure it's more than $300 per fulltime national serviceman
Let's just hope Putin shoots himself in his bunker like how that German dude did in Berlin in 1945
Let's just say after hearing just about everyone interpreting all of China's actions in the worst possible light for 2 entire years, I'm really skeptical about this, and will be adopting a wait and see attitude with this.
Let's not forget Singapore supported the US in the illegal invasion of Iraq in 2003 in my opinion, that's one of the worst FA mistakes which Singapore had made. It's unprincipled, pointless and ultimately proven to be unjust. In international relations, behind the veneer of civility is a human jungle where anything goes. Exactly.
Let's not forget that ltks predecessor jbj was an Anglo indian that spoke with an English accent.
Let's try one more thing let's say tomorrow all this lgbtqwhatever thingy is suddenly approved as a family. Alright. The day after tomorrow someone comes and says he wants to marry his sister or brother and if lagntwhatever can, what can't he? For the same reason marriage no longer being limited by gender wouldn't make it any more legal to run into PM Lee's office and pee on all his snacks. It's a completely different issue covered by different laws. Shall we treat incest as a family ? Obviously, because if they're not family, it's not incest. Furthermore, let's encourage paedophilia and allow marriage between 50yo and 12 yo, because why not? For the same reason that legalising chicken rice stalls using free range chickens doesn't mean legalising human rice stalls using free range humans. And then someone comes with a goat. And telegraph pole Ok, so government says can, and then they have a marriage ceremony and the ordained minister says And do you, dear goat, take this lovely woman to be your wife? and the goat just looks at him and then wanders off and chews up the church bulletins, so whether that marriage is allowed or not, it's clearly not going to happen. So I don't see the risk here, and also I would happily attend a zoom wedding of anyone and a telegraph pole.
lets be honest. No young people wan to stay with their parent, so they wont inherit it. They could inherit it for awhile and buy a new place with their significant other or themselves when they're older, when it's time to give back the old flat they lost nothing. Lesser and lesser people are having kid so no one will inherit anything. Singapore is a very small and have very limited land, im guessing them taking it back is to rebuild and build taller so that future gen actually have a chance at getting a place themselves.
lets import people from countries where covid19 is out of control what could possibly go wrong
Lets not forget our recent s elected presidency. only a party with a bulletproof mandate can do such things like calling people madam president before the candidacy is announced what the fuck
Letting them be means they'll never understand how hurtful their comment is. They'll think it's ok to perpetuate the view that all Malays aren't good enough for higher education. How is that right? One of the reasons Singapore is so racist is because we won't have open conversations about it.
LGBT people have families too. And hate to break it to you but Singaporean families are pretty toxic and abusive
Li kua . Li kua . Keep the fucking borders open to high risk countries some more. Song boh, now got cheebye 2.0?
Life has no point. It's up to us to make meaning out of it. Be Sisyphus.
Life is almost same or even worse here in mainland China. At least a house can be expected in several years in Singapore.
Life is hard everywhere for many people. If you're in a relatively poor country where cost of living is much lower, healthcare quality is also very low and the sick easily die where they would very likely have survived elsewhere. There will also be many other disamenities not all of which are easily visible to foreign observers. if you're in a relatively rich country, cost of living is much higher. Competition is also much more intense which affects lifestyle and health. Personally, I see it as a matter of picking your poison. There was a time when I had a lot of angst and wanted to seek greener grass overseas. On some nights I would feel a little sad about not being born in a hypothetically more utopian era. I mean, a man can dream about free food, water and energy right? Yet it is not so and pointless to agonize over it. Today we only have free air except when Indonesia exports haze to us but I am contented with what I get. Just focus on doing what I can and not agonize over systemic issues I cannot control.
Life is only as bleak as you make it. This post is trash and for boomer uncles who've predestined their fate somewhat just by saying it so. Why do you make a box for yourself to fall in?
life isn't exactly perfect here but i'll take it over surviving in a slum that lives off garbage landfills in neighbouring s.e.a countries. don't get me wrong, i fully agree with the OP but relatively speaking, we are in heaven compared to many other countries. sometimes, we don't see things from a different perspective and tend to create privileged arguements. Was just watching a documentary about poverty in U.S yesterday. A lady signed up to live as a poor american for a few days, she was feeling faint on the 2nd day after walking 2km without food or water, that made me . She was so privileged that a sniff of hardship made her collapse.
Like a Continuously compounding growth rate? Hence where I got the idea of taking the natural log . I Might be wrong
Like airbnb, it was good when people use it to rideshare or homestay. The pricing beats regular cabs or hotels because they are supposed to just make extra income on the side. Now, most of them are just doing full time cab or hotel room while bypassing regulations. Before the Comfort Delgro app became more usable, traditional cabs are legitimately shit ie no est. price before you start, picky cab drivers don't want to go certain destinations, had to wait for a cab instead of booking one. Competition is good for consumers after all.
Like come on, how does homosexuality harm society in any way? It doesn't today. However, a lot of these opinions have heavy religious undertones, and to religions that were started a few thousand years ago, homosexuality absolutely does harm society. The primary problem of homosexuality is that it reduces birth rates, because you need both an egg and a sperm cell to make a baby. Lower birth rates in ancient societies not only means you have less manpower and less military might, but religion-wise you are likely to simply be outnumbered and disappear either through conquest or lack of followers . So the abrahamic religions, whose areas often see conflict, has strong incentives for both proselytizing as well as encourage their followers to be as fruitful as possible. Religious evolution isn't too different from animal evolution. Disclaimer these are my personal opinions based on what i know. Always happy to be corrected
Like he was forced by someone and it wasn't a suicide, stuff like that. You have to understand this was in the 80s, during Lee Kuan Yew's time. people were more inclined to believe those stories back then.
Like how are you going to churn out healthcare worker into the system overnight? Money is not everything also
like i mentioned to another poster, it doesn't matter. if you can only see things at face value, you lack critical thinking and you miss the big picture.
Like it went into my house many times it tramples over the bed and it's freaking dirty. Just 2 to3 days ago one came in and my mom said it had pawprints on the bed. me and my father thought it was a cat but we don't own a cat so it was a holdup moment
Like our dear friends who always say think of the healthcare worker being overwhelmed by covid, we need restrictions . Then you ask if can improve their working conditions, pay etc., all diam diam.
Like overpaying insurance premiums and expensive gym memberships, everyone should think twice before spending a significant % of their income on a recurring fee. It's definitely something that shouldn't be done for shits and giggles.
like shit, next tiime will be See boi ar, see John plat rank in le, boi ar, why you so noob one? Still Silver rank huh? Next week, you make sure you at least reach Gold Rank top 10 otherwise your allowance bai bai .
Like what others have said, they're basically saying we know it's a paper tiger but we gonna leave it be because some groups of voters feel reassured with origami. The issue is whether the party as a whole agrees or don't agree. Then People's Action Party needs to lift the party whip when voting on this in Parliament. Otherwise it's meaningless.
Like you said, people are not important to them. All Singapore is to them is an economic machine. Work the people to their bones then ask them to fuck off to die in Malaysia - like horses.
Like. no one yells at nurses or even anyone for a cup of milo man holy fuck dude.
Likely a very unpopular opinion but because I'm part of a so-called minority, just thought I wanted to share a different perspective amidst all the scolding of anti-vax idiots . Myself and some of my family members are only partially vaccinated so far one dose or not yet 2 weeks after second dose because we chose to be vaccinated with Sinopharm instead of the mrna vaccines, simply because we are just more comfortable with the inactivated vaccines that have been used for other past treatments. Say what you will about experts' comments and evidence about the safety of mrna vaccines, I'm no expert to challenge it, but I don't think it's unreasonable to choose a different vaccine that my family and I feel more comfortable with, as opposed to the mrna ones that the majority are taking. It's not even that I don't want to get vaxxed, I just want a different vax. Any take on such a view? We don't think that vaccines are ineffective, nor think that it's some chip that government tries to implant in us to track us or whatever. I have also taken other vaccines, such as the one against cervical cancer, so I don't doubt the effectiveness of vaccines in general. It is simply a matter of preference that we chose Sinopharm as opposed to the ones in the national programme, and I don't think it's a luxury to be able to have a choice. The problem is, people who follow the news might know that Sinopharm arrived in Singapore only in late Aug to early Sep, and the days following its arrival, you might also have seen news about the high demand and overwhelming response for it. My family members and I made appointments with multiple providers of it but to no avail because appointments were booked so quickly that I wasn't quick enough to be part of the first batch to receive it. My second dose is in slightly under a week, meaning that it would be about 3 weeks before I'm counted as fully vaxxed. I can accept the dine-in restrictions, and while it means some inconvenience or not having the occasional luxury of dining at certain establishments, it does not exactly affect my way of life. But to restrict entry into malls, means I cannot takeaway food from anywhere but hawker centres or coffee shops or standalone outlets - which are rather inconvenient from my school and home - nor go grocery shopping, many of which are in malls. Nevermind that I can't buy takeout from certain food outlets in malls, guess I'll cook more often, but wait, I can't go grocery shopping. You're gonna tell me that I can go to standalone outlets, but as aforementioned, there are none near my school or home. I would have to go out of my way to carry out these basic activities and increase travel time and exposure. I see comments like I can't go grocery shopping! Well then get vaxxed you idiot Do we not remember that it takes over a month for the entire regime? And at this point in time where the government boasts about over 85% vaccination rate, and the measures never being this extreme in the past yet is such during a time when they say we are making progress, is it really necessary at this very moment? As Sinopharm was not part of the national programme, it was a lot more inconvenient to get it, but inconvenience aside, it was nearly impossible to during the initial stages because of the overwhelming demand. I am just a student that still has to go to school almost everyday, buy lunch or dinner back occasionally for my family, and go grocery shopping on my way home sometimes. Our way of life is thoroughly disrupted and made nearly impossible to carry out because of the new restrictions. And this all boils down to the fact that our preference was Sinopharm, which causes us to be fully vaxxed later than others. Is it wrong that we had a different preference? If you think it's a sin, then you do you.
Likely gyms setting up near McD's given that there are a lot more McD's around - so many, it's hard to find any strip mall or high street space big enough for a gym without being close to a McD's.
Lily Neo was saying $5 a day for food is not enough, because even the cheapest meal is $2.50. VB is trying to say $5 a day for three meals is enough. If he increases it to $7.50, he is letting the PA recipient eat in a restaurant. i see. ok that makes it clearer thank you.
Lineart in Procreate, colored in Photoshop. Thank you. I mostly use photoshop. edit had a look at your art, very nice! Keep drawing!
Literally even if my zoom mic is muted I'll still be careful not to say anything. people are so careless
Literally just across the street from Lakeside MRT, gotta milk it for what it's worth . Being 1 stop away from JE is probably worth quite a bit as well
Literally no one out there is not nice. Why the downvote? Doesn't this mean that everyone is nice?
Literally planning on joining savc. Wasn't able to do NS but I still wanna do BMT in case anything happen to Singapore
Literally the population getting gaslighted every day for wanting some sense of normal life back BUT WHAT ABOUT THE healthcare workers Nursing has always been hard and always will be, that's the profession. The truth hurts. Raise their pay and give bonuses they are already getting covid bonuses, so that's good
Lmfao dowry? Tell your in-laws-to-be to take a walk. If your partner agrees with this sexist nonsense then maybe you should be re-evaluating your relationship.
Lmfao it's not exported from America to Singapore. Like you said there seems to be a universal tendency of minorities being discriminated against. I think any individual with two cents of humanity and compassion can understand that's a sub optimal trend in social interactions. So yes in America people are pushing to fight that trend in order to give everyone a chance to feel human. Much like in Singapore. It's not a political export. It's basic fucking humanity. You dick.
LMW is just not an orator or a public speaker. Vivian was a national level debater back then. You don't need to be a Toastmaster to enter RI, or make it in GIC or equity banking.
LMW may have been ripped a new one by Shan but VB's comment is uncalled for. What he did was a stain on the dignity and sanctity of our democracy, where people should be free to, regardless of their background, to engage in debate on issues.
LMW self sabo himself for being unprepared and tongue-tied for a motion he ownself raised VB self sabo himself for being a closet elitist and having a loose mouth
LMW was either pretending to be or was actually being frustratingly obtuse. If you come to the parliament for a debate you've tabled without any preparation beyond racist and xenophobic rhetoric, you're wasting resources and taxpayer money - and it's bound to be frustrating for everyone else in that room. The focus on CECA is an expensive distraction and one that PSP keeps pushing for political gain rather than for any real change. Don't y'all roll your eyes at people in meetings who have come unprepared but talk a lot and waste everyone's time?
Lo fidelity music - the meme is the girl from the 24hr live lofi music channel by chilledcow. A lot of people put it on as background music to study or relax or game to. Lofi music has a quality to it that makes it oddly soothing as opposed to something high fidelity kpop energy for example .
loads of folks are moving back in with their parents or families, and it's absolutely something to not be ashamed of Exactly, this applies to Singapore as well. I've heard more than a handful of times on this sub, that only losers live with their parents or sentiments along those lines. What a silly notion, imagine being peer pressured into spending hundreds if not thousands on rent monthly, just because of others' expectations on how you should live.
Lock this sorry ass cunt up. Just fucking lock this cunt up already, he isn't even stopping or holding back when the guy is already on the ground. Fucking deranged cunt that needs to be locked up in iso and incarcerated for life.
Lockdown involves locking entrances and barricading. Even if the student knew the drills, a lockdown would have still helped in limiting his actions and movement. Some people freeze and forget what to do in an emergency. Lockdown drills are a good thing, and are there to help them. It should not be understated and dismissed as useless.
logically speaking, you are correct. From an implementation perspective, the lead time to buying, for the same income below 600k a year 200k over 3 months is significantly longer. Methodology 3 months is the average private sale completion rate. For a person to buy, and accumulate the downpayment required to purchase assume at time 0, intent 0 hence houseDownpayment 0 vs rent. not everyone has the purchasing power to immediately put a downpayment on a property they want, vs putting a renter's deposit
Logically this implies area is open, because further notice cancels first one. Suggestion to see previous notice just emphasizes this.
Long term it's pretty bad, but it really shows just how badly SMEs are falling behind in the modern economy.
Look at all the fucking moronic keyboard warriors whining for people to step in. Let me put in bluntly the average sinkie, is spineless coward, that has never been in a full blown, one-on-one fight for their lives. Yes that includes NSFs because the shit you learn in NS does nothing in a real fight, what the fuck are you going to do if an attacker suddenly bites your ear, did NS train you for that? The first thing that sets in when you fight is panic and adrenaline, I guarantee you that you won't even remember a thing from your training. Unless you are trained specially to take people down in these situations or at he very least can physically defend yourself, you should never get involved in a beatdown fight like this. The attacker is clearly raging and anger makes humans do a lot of stupid and regrettable shit while making them even stronger than they already are. Better to walk out unscathed than to be another pretend hero.
look at all the young 19-20 yr old conscripted russian PoWs, dont know where theyre going, just keep moving forward. no information, just keep pushing. a famillar story for people here
Look at Israel. All man and woman serve in their defense. Until this issue is addressed, there's no total defense.
Look at my comment up above. It's about hours worked and not sleep though. But it is probably a better indicator.
Look at the casualties Russia had during World War Two vs the Allies. Wishful thinking to think they could just simply walk over and pacify Russia. Unless they brought nukes into the equation, but even then. It would be another few bloody years of war with no guarantee the West would win.
Look at the first panel, the author is implying that restrictions are being loosened and it's upsetting the author
Look at the video on this post You will see that Tan See Leng never switch off his mic and sat down. Also, Vivian talked loud enough for not only the mic to pick up, but Lawrence Wong also, enough to turn his gaze towards VB, when he heard Must be a lousy school
Look at the woke crowd downvoting just because they disagree. I've seen how protests can become disruptive very quickly. This doesn't mean I disagree with what they were protesting about. They could have found a better way to make their intentions known instead of resorting to illegal tactics. I really wouldn't call that bravery. It's shocking that adults are supporting this method.
Look I do not know why you are being downvoted here. If the listing has a diversity tag you should not see the term no indians . That is one point I agree with you entirely. Profit maximizing tenants are punished by bad faith tenants dissing all landlord complains as 'racist' is intellectually lazy and ignores the rights of landlords too while good faith tenants are punished by ignorant or lazy I hope that is the case and racist landlords can't pretend that racist landlords don't exist too . That is why i see this whole mess as a information assymmetry problem. We need a centralized database of tenants and landlords managed by the government along with a ecosystem of third party inspectors to perform move in or out inspections aka swiss model . Good faith tenants should have letters of recommendations issued by landlords and uploaded on the this database. That way the government take prosecute the genuinely racist landlords who reject tenants with good reviews. Likewise landlords can economically justify rejecting tenants with bad reviews. Landlords can also justify higher rental deposits for tenants without a track record These inspectors will be the ones assessing the damage caused by tenants and deduct the bill accordingly from the rental deposit. If tenants especially expat tenants decide to run away when the deposit does not cover for the damages, have a national rental insurance fund which landlords can claim damages from and bypass the judicial system . At the same time have a warrant of arrest issued for those expat tenants who ran away too. If you are tenant from hell who damages property and escape the country without paying up you should be branded as a international fugitive. These warrant of arrest should be made public. As they say sunlight is the best disinfectant. Gather all the information centrally and let tenants and landlords alike use that information to make informed choices.
Look them in the eye, and say no, I'm not interested , do not apologise. Gotta learn to say no
Look whose comment is the dumber one. Where in my previous comment that I mentioned half of india bathed in Ganges ? Time to learn to read English, dumbass.
Looked at his background. He is probably Christian. Christians in Singapore are not openly anti-gay, but they would never support any pro-gay legislation. It is more of a you do you, but I would not support it in any form position. Deep down, some of them may even try to convert you to Christianity in hopes of fixing you so you will go to heaven.
Looking at 7 day averages are the norm to have a better representation of current situations. Below numbers are all based on 7-day case average. Singapore cases per 100,000 260.07 Denmark cases per 100,000 675.69 London cases per 100,000 410.82 more cases than fully open countries. That's because the measures don't work.
Looking at his age looks like 10 or so? , I think it's most likely he just saw someone else doing it and copied it without knowing what it meant. Shame that it had to happen during the parade though.
Looking at his age looks like 10 or so? I remember I was 7 when I was learning about fuck and middle finger, and that was .fuck 20 years ago, before youtube and social media.
Looking forward to the one last gathering and what the fuck why so many people instastories being posted tomorrow.
Looks fake. The sign on the left is the real one. The sign on the right is an exact 180 flip copy and touched up to make it seem different from the left.
Looks great, best of luck with the launch! Is it made with Unity? If so, its a proper Singapore product, as we in Unity's 2D team are also located in Singapore
Looks impressive - i will give them that. Decent to high caliber. not the best. But most importantly, their attitude generally quite bad i.e. they're very fake.
Looks like a sound wave, has anyone some a project converting skylines into sounds or vice versa, could be cool
looks like he was carrying a knife or something and then tried to approach one of the officers with it. also looks like outside the police station, not sure what the context is and why he would try that but ok.
Looks like he'll have to visit the police twice 1 for the actual police, the other for the spelling police.
Looks like him, talks like him, and sounds like him. Jamus's resemblance to Andrew Yang is really uncanny
looks like some because stians are offended. -0 it tells me anyone that believes in a ' o ' is a because n+.
looks like the killer jumping spider. normally no remains are left of its prey once done
Losers can only downvote. Each downvote is a reminder of the number of losers on this thread. Please keep downvoting suckaaaas!
Lot of lotteries and competitions will not allow employees or their families to compete in order to avoid any risk of fraud or even the appearance of fraud.
lots of average normal people flee too.a refugee crisis is of course not full of benz b-class owners
Lots of data centers and Pharma in the west . Got demand from decent earners. Why 3.6k is justified because the demand is from a expat who is probably having a household income of 10k and above . And likely the rental is covered. Don't know why got surprised pikachu at the rental figure. 2 bedder is almost 800k these days. Emi is 3k ish. 3.6k rental seems like a good deal for the tenant who can afford
Lots of people are already leaving. My dad and mum are leaving at the end of the year, and almost all the movers are so packed, they're raising rates. You should at least start looking for a job at home.
Love booking through Comfort. WAY more reliable. Always accept bookings. Never cancel. And I love supporting the Uncles. 100% support this.
Love how they are tryna make us learn about respect yet they arent even respecting other sexualities or other family structures.
Love it. I decided to stop using Grab when they announced the $1 increase so this ad makes me feel warm inside.
Love the country and people but do feel racism is quite prevalent. Sometimes think it is systematic bias. For e.g I have seen online headlines and content from reputed websites where they call out 'Indian national did this, etc Also social media and other similar online content, think people are only concerned if the culprit was Indian, but same thing is hardly mentioned for other nationals or people of other origin, if it is mentioned it is done quite subtly.
Love your artworks, like the one with the giant Merlion and the one with Godzilla in Singapore.
Low pay equals to low interest equals to low manpower equals to low leaves + more working hours equals to more quitters equals to even more like leaves + even more working hours stupid government by the way you guys want volunteer?
Lower and mid floors didn't feel anything. Our Condo WhatsApp group everyone on high floors felt it
Lower pcr for what. Those who need it to confirm covid it's free. To travel is another thing
LOYALTY TO COUNTRY! Eh sia I read already almost wanted to shout LOYALTY TO COUNTRY! LEADERSHIP! DISCIPLINE! PROFESSIONALISM! FIGHTING SPIRIT! ETHICS! CAAAAAARE FOR SOLDIERSSSSSSSS!
LPT wear headphones. wear earphones. act like you cant listen to them. this has been my go to way to avoid salesperson approaching me! and ignore them if they try to get your attention
Luckily they closed the gyms. Otherwise all the seniors lifting weights would be in grave danger.
Lucky you. Such toxic behaviour also exist in MNC as well. Good that you're in a great environment!
Lucky? brother, they literally choose when to dissolve parliament and when to hold elections. There's a reason they rammed through elections last year when half the world was still locked down.
Lul when Ivan Lim got called out. WP didn't even react much. Pritam just said that candidate selection is not a failsafe. And he was talking about WP selection. And he also said the same thing as People's Action Party. That we should focus on the current issues. But when Raeesah got called out. guess what People's Action Party did .
Luxury time is subjective, but as working class, most of the time is spent working i'd consider thinking or overthinking about work after hours work as well . To that extent, I think Singapore generally has terrible work life balance - although I think more companies are open to at least some wfh arrangements now. Luxury or life time is likely just the weekends and a couple hours at night for most folks.
Mad respect for you. Hang in there. Ignore the people who say but that's their job . It's your choice to serve those in need and I appreciate you for that.
Mad respect to the police officer for managing to hit only a non vital part of the assailant whilst under such a situation. So many factors to consider especially with actual civilians in the background and not a concrete wall
made a mistake running in Sengkang GRC where most people are happy with the current People's Action Party leadership here. He should have instead ran in places like Punggol SMC so basically what you're saying is I don't want the People's Action Party to have super majority! But please take the 31 seats from other places please I want my upgrades.
Made me reflect on how we take the simplest of things for granted - where they find such joy in the littlest things. Really makes me feel grateful
Magnitude 6.2 earthquake around Mount Talakmau in West Sumatra. Thought I was feeling unwell and having vertigo
Mahathir is not the issue. The man is 96, not much longer for him to be alive now. What we should worry about are the up and coming politicians that wants to make themselves heard.
Main problem i had was the two officers standing opposite each other. Extremely dangerous if they missed
Mainly items that have dual-use classification, meaning they have both civilian and military applications. Chlorine gas, for example, if Singapore makes chlorine gas, I would expect any shipment into Russia to stop.
Make a police report. These kind of people are dangerous. He maybe too extreme and easily influence by those terrorist propaganda. If these religion people No matter muslim, christian, taoist, buddhist or etc never respect other and become extreme, then they are the reason why other dislike and hate their religion. I am now totally against those who do open burning cause I suffer a lots from the smoke generated by the open burning. Making lots of complaint to the authority but so far dont see much improvement.
Make it your life's goal to revolutionize change, maybe history will remember you, it only takes one man.
Make me Have some sunflower seeds! Russian Federal budget revenues '21 was USD 256 billion. From which, USD 70 billion went to the Russian military budget '21. Russian corporate tax rate '21 was 20%. So for every $5, these Russian food companies make. $1 goes to the Putin regime. Who allocated $0.27 from that $1, to their military. Production cost for a 7.62mm round is about $0.30. Enjoy your blood soaked Russia delicacies!
mAkE sUrE yOu sTuDy hArDeR sO yOu dOn'T eNd uP lIkE tHiS gUy oVeR tHeRe Bish couldn't you take your elitist attitude away from the person serving you your bloody filet o' fish meal? I swear I should have just put rat poison in it.
Make the politicians put their money where their mouth is People's Action Party won't do it and WP is too weak.
Makes sense. I didn't choose to be born here, I have no loyalty towards this country. The ones who lead this country on the other hand, chose to do so and that comes with certain expectations.
Makes you wonder why are Singaporeans and Real PRs still in India after the pandemic has been there for so long? There should have been ample opportunities to get back by now. These Singaporeans and PRs aren't really Singaporeans at all, they have their true national allegiance in their hearts.
Making only the rich livable in Singapore while the poor gets government funding, while the median income gets slap and right from government, increase gst, coe getting out of touch for the median, housing, jobs
Malay agnostic here. I struggle to fit in because the Malay identity is closely tied to Islam. Some people will look at you funny if you have piercings, tattoos, or eat during Ramadan. Occasionally people will preach. But so far nothing extreme. Most mind their own business.
Malay here. yeah, it's quite the problem. As you probably already know, the Malay identity cannot be understood without investigating its historical origins. Prior to the 1400s, Malayness--as merely ethnicity without religious connotations--was not really a thing. As such, its creation, arising from the embrace of Islam by the sultans of Malaysia, means that the Malay identity is inextricably bound with both ethnicity and religion, as it did not exist prior to the advent of Islam in the Malay archipelago. A Chinese may be Christian or Buddhist or what have you, and so may be an Indian but the Malay must, by definition, always be Muslim. Or that's how the Malays understand it. As to what this has to do with your situation? Well, it means that moderate Malays, who I think this is what you meant do not view the world through the lens of a conservative Sunni Islam, are aberrations rather than the norm. Religion is still a core part of the the Malay worldview, and I'm pretty sure the influence of rigid petro-Islamism has become ever stronger in the SEAsian Muslim community at large. So yes, it is a massive uphill struggle for a relatively liberal Malay Muslim such as I am.
Malay Muslim here. I'm not a good muslim but I do try. Unfortunately we have our own nutjobs as well. There has to be a balance between religion and 'reality'. Sorry you had a bad experience with this kind of people.
Malaysia and Singapore should really form stronger bonds to support each other We do have strong bonds. A lot of my friends were Malaysians or became SPRs, or we have families in both countries. Generally, the people are very OK with each other, it's just sometimes some government or leaders want to demonise each other for political purposes really only one main leader and some of his cronies . We both benefit if each other is stable and prosperous.
Malaysia decided to be cheaper while Singapore and Brunei are booming with money and oil, well Brunei the one booming with oil and money, Singapore only being money and business, I guess
Malaysia didn't decide to be cheaper. The Ringgit was on par with SGD at one point but the country failed pretty hard to make the right economic decisions. On top of that, both Singapore and Brunei have very limited amounts of land which drove land prices up through sheer market forces.
Malaysia is the only country I've seen where Muslims freak out about dogs so much. When I lived in Saudi Arabia there were lots of them around, kids hugging them etc. Yeah all they had to do was wash at some point afterwards, which probably isn't the worst idea even if you're a non-believer.
Malaysian born, Australian raised, Singapore PR Amy Cheong ranted about noisy weddings held at void decks. At the same time she took aim at Malays having weddings for $50 and thus the high divorce rates. She was promptly sacked from her position at NTUC.
Man I've always wanted to try them. One day when I'm richer and have the budget.
Man the WP has been pure class thus far, unfortunate that I can't vote for them. Those who are able to should consider themselves blessed.
Man, I'm sure the LGBTQ+ tech community is dying to come work in Singapore after this
Man, poor Singaporeans, that's so unhealthy for your physical and mental health, makes me doubt wanting to move there because my kids might suffer
Man, the comment threads is on fire huh. Today and tomorrow will be jam-packed. And I expect headlines for tomorrow evening news will be people crowding to restaurants and other centre to enjoy last days before restriction
Man, the police are in a really shit situation there. Imagine wanting to help, but the person refusing it. Like, what the fuck can they do at that point? How can they save someone who is too afraid? Legit question by the way. What can they do in such a situation. If they know someone is abusing another, but the victim just won't speak out, then what?
Man, watching the rush of people joining for entertainment is hilarious. Going up by the minute.
Man, wish there was a solid way to get currency to some of these places where where people really need it. Not through organizations but directly supplying it. Imagine just getting enough money for months worth of living when it costs someone else maybe hours or less worth of working time. The reactions to $2.00? I make 10x that on my morning poops at work. I could literally take my poop money monthly and help a fair amount of people. Does India have a safe way to get currency into the country and remote villages? If I send $200 I want those people to get the 200 converted to their currency.
Mandatory vaccines you mentioned were made possible because they jab kids through schools. This can cover all the kids. How to mandate covid vaccine for the entire population of adults when we can't have access to them through a single channel?
Mang dem feels. Being the only grandson who didn't make it into RI and only one who went to polytechnic, the level of snark I received growing up was unreal.
Manpower? In the eyes of the government this is creating jobs! It's a good thing! Forget about all the people that are being removed from society, losing their jobs, depression, suicides, starvation and broke.
Many alternatives to fix this. Hazel could have easily done it better than him delivery wise if they wanted it in english. Nope, they chose a shit person to do a shit job. I'm not a big fan of this.
Many clear and important lessons for Singapore as a nation. As a Singapore citizen though, a key takeaway was that NS is not an empty threat, the population as a whole is entirely prepared to throw their men under the bus to save the nation. The Ukranian men who are best off are those who were out of the country, such as the father of the two Ukranian girls who are getting thousands of upvotes posting selfies of them fleeing the country.
Many covid positive people are walking around clinics to clinic just because they can't register themselves I spent my entire morning 8-11am just driving around to find doctors just because all of the queues are long and they won't accept registration like what the fuck.
Many don't have incentive to change the work culture for years when our business environment is overwhelmingly pro-employer.
Many here seem to equate job and housing discrimination to being overcharged for nasi padang. So I thought its all interchangeable.
Many of us talk smack about others, let's be honest. But one should know when to do so.
Many people forgot about this This dude created SEO work to remove the negative news on himself. Dude still in Singapore and living a high life
Many people in the comments complain about their early wake up times. Well., then you go te bed earlier right? Are we Dutchies some of the only few understanding this logic?
Many redditors who simply deride people who seek treatment at a&e for mild symptoms probably should reflect the complexity faced by those who have mild covid. The symptoms may be mild initially, but things may escalate from zero to hundred within a short span of time. Should the individuals or their families take a gamble and leave it to fate, especially during night time when nearby GPs may not be operating? I actually disagree you with this. Its more about staying calm. My baby developed covid on 15th of Feb after being on HRW, so we knew immediately what it was likely to be . She developed a 39. 5 degree fever in the night. She falls under protocol 1 of the guidelines, and the guidelines on when to go to hospital regarding fever are very clear- prolonged fever of above 39 for 3 days or more, or a fever above 40 degrees. Or, if you have breathlessness or chest pains. It's a five minute read. Only the people who are at high risk of their symptoms getting worse are picked up by ambulances. It's literally why we have such a protocol. Yes, it requires some vigilance on caregivers part- but that's part of the problem too- many people don't want to take that responsibility. Even if it happens in the middle of the night, there are many 24 hour clinics out there. That's a much better choice than going to hospital ER. As a parent, sick kids come with the terriotory- they fall sick every time they get vaccinated, and once they start preschool it's every few weeks or months. Fever should not really be something parents freak out about. I can certainly understand if parents are scared, but that fear is part of the problem
Many studies have shown that immunity from getting covid is better and more robust than from the vaccine. Source for this claim? also goes against their personal right to choose. They can still choose to be unvaccinated, just that they cannot dine in or go to malls which are not basic necessities anyway .
Many studies have shown that immunity from getting covid is better and more robust than from the vaccine. Studies have also shown that immunity is even better if you've been infected and had the vaccine. I see no problem with this move.
Many years ago before the year 2000, I was serving my BMT in Pulau Tekong. One day myself and two other blur sotongs wee suppose to navigate from point a to b. We got lost and wandered around in the forest until we stumbled onto a small forest clearing. The trees surrounding the clearing had humongous webs and lots of them. We we could see tons and tons of freaking large red yellow spiders. From my perspective like more than 1 meter across each of them. No smartphones in those days else a picture to remember.
Marketing can't give 50% discounts. Looks like a calculated move with a marketing spin. I love the title.
Marriage and birth rate has significantly declined since the 90's in Singapore and divorce rates are just increasing at a fast and steady pace, very true and agreeable.
Marriage and kids are not a necessity. It's just something that we are conditioned to believe
married liao, my friend used to have a fling with her. thought he csb, then realised they friends on FB.
Mascot of a super popular Youtube 'radio' channel. You just open it up and listen to relaxing beats to do stuff to.
Maslow's hierarchy of needs is in play. Its good we're finally able to dialogue about racism in Singapore. I love these signs of social evolution, and think as a nation we also need to open our eyes to other discriminatory practices- against our less abled, sanctioned ageism, sexism, classism. Basic needs are secured. Can we start learning how to treat everyone like equal human beings now?
MASSIVE L TO DE MASSIVE THROBBING COCK EGOS OF Chan Chun Sing AND THE CHAO CBS OF THE 4G LEADERSHIP MASSIVE L rest in peace CCBS DESERVER FUCK People's Action Party so this is what facebook comments look like ?
Massive spoilers Its about the journey of 2 young female mangakas man walks into a university and kills student with ax like object Link to read it
May 21 is the start of Delta variant where more deaths were happening. And during that time, above 18 vaccination, if I remember correctly, had just started. And the 2nd lockdown happen during that time too.
May 21, vaccination for age group 80+ shld have been fully available way before already no?
May I ask why did you even dare to bring your hand so close to the spider? what if the spider is poisonous ?
May we have the original video link so we can watch the whole video and see their other reactions
maybe 15 years ago when Lee Hsien Loong was younger, now hes too old to help, hed probably be a liability
Maybe because everyone speculates on big news events as I'm sure the student here has too.
Maybe because its shared housing? If you are sharing there could be preferences but this listing is a full friggin unit. Not a cheap one at that.
Maybe don't have kids or have expensive weddings? Also, is it a must to have your life revolve around cpf?
Maybe God can send the food to this person's door? After all, they seem to think God is in the business of helping people do things they could easily have done for themselves.
Maybe he can cry while negotiating with other leaders, making them feel so awkward they'll give him anything
Maybe he really likes lotus , since Lian hua is a spelling for the chinese word lotus
Maybe he was pissed off being scolded at repeatedly under the hot sun during the many rehearsals. We need to hear from this boy!
Maybe I didn't notice or maybe it's a newer addition, haven't been there in months. Could be they recently got license to sell.
Maybe I'm a bit of a pessimist, but life is only going to get harder unless something changes drastically. The number of decent jobs is going to decrease given our recent outflow of non-citizens and the downward population trend . The gap between the haves and have-nots is going to widen, amplifying stress at school and the workplace. And the cost of public housing is only going to go up since government isn't going to let property prices of people's retirement nest-egg drop right? If we do choose to have kids, we would probably need to support them with the rat race eg tuition, connections for jobs etc and cost of housing eg helping with their down-payment, letting them live with you for 5+ years while waiting for build-to-order etc . In fact, this is already happening? But maybe this view is a bit too pessimistic?
Maybe I'm missing the circlejerk but what could an extra person possibly have contributed? Already plenty of people on it and not even any space next to the railing to help hold on to the guys holding the net and umbrella. Sad that the top comment on this wholesome post is a cynical, unnecessary jab at the person recording.
Maybe if you willingly chose your profession, you stick with it through the ups and downs? Those who are complaining are the ones who romanticised the work of healthcare workers and should touch grass.
maybe international news media could revive those authoritarian Singapore government think pieces but with a transphobia slant this time , but it needs to make a loud enough noise on Twitter or IG etc. first
Maybe it's just me being cynical, but did Singapore make similar statements when the US pursued regime change in Iraq and Afghanistan as part of their War on Terrorism?
Maybe its because of the businesses and companies that also continue to hold on to these ideologies. studies even suggest that lower working hours leads to more productivity I really wonder if employers would believe those studies.
maybe just hope that would be enough since if we are up against a major power that have nukes for some reason then we most likely be on our own.
Maybe just maybe, the whole task force should be filled with doctors, virologist and senior nurses
Maybe leave the reddit echo chamber now and then, that's all I gotta say. Honestly, People's Action Party is probably being anti-democratic in a very cheeky way by saying well, it's political suicide to repeal 377A, but we just won't enforce this wink wink . If you push the issue, you're going to get a LOT of blowback, and if the People's Action Party can't be aggressively blind to this issue any more, you're going to see a swing back the other way, and it won't be pretty. Maybe you think that only regime change is the only real change, but the People's Action Party has time and again shown that they are very sensitive to anything that affects their vote share, regardless of whether it actually threatens to put them out of power.
Maybe let's start from yourself. Why not being brave enough to call it 'invasion' as the whole free world does? Is that because CCP declared so to its proxy media?
Maybe my English not good. Yes it's a gesture stating a stance. Because the material impact is negligible and even with the small pie our government decided to limit the sanctions to very very specific items. So. in my opinion gesture .
Maybe people should reply by sending them the video of the Russian soldiers killing a car full of civilians and their dogs trying to escape the warzone which is a war crime and ask why they think the sanctions are uncalled for when they're doing this as well as thousands of other instances of this treachery?
Maybe protest would be the wrong word. A workers' coordinated walkout or even a threat to walk would be suitable. Demands for fairer and saner working conditions for medical staff. A united body that can negotiate with the upper echelons. But knowing Singapore the state will have those doctors steamrolled into prison instead. It's honestly sad.
Maybe that is his softened message. Hope he struggles to recruit good employees in future. I wouldn't want him for a boss.
Maybe the doctor is just worried that he or she will spread the disease to their loved ones.
Maybe the solution is some kind of compulsory financial planning class once your cpf account hits 5k. Basically some arbitrary limit that's low enough to keep school kids out.
Maybe they interviewed other people too but thought this guy would get the most clicks. Seems to have worked pretty well
Maybe we can send SDA as peacekeepers. I am being sarcastic Between the soldiers, they can use the tape measure as their weapon to uphold peace Imagine the Russian solder step over the boundary, and then the SDA Auntie slaps the soldier hand and takes the tape measure out, and she shouts 'oi social distancing! You wanna kenna covid ?!'
Maybe we should question why was the protest even necessary in the first place? Or why it's so hard to voice out minority issues in Singapore.
maybe you all still too young but many people will still remember Lee Kuan Yew's remarks in parliament when he low key put down NUS grads. Anyone got the exact quote or the transcript? just that politicians nowadays care more about the sensitivities of some people in Singapore e.g. like some redditors here .
Maybe you can give it a shot then! If you have access to unrestricted views it's always good to check them out for photo opportunities.
maybe. but I've never seen a more negative subset of a population. There's just a general lack of imagination and high level of risk adverseness that you get from some of these posts here.
Maybe. Valid points. Of course I don't mean there's literally nothing we can do to ease the burden just a little, but ultimately, we need to crest that peak for the situation to change, is what I was trying to say. I just don't get the 'remove all measures' arguments in the midst of healthcare worker telling us that they are suffering. It's piling on shit on suffering people just for their own agendas.
McDonald's index is completely useless when comparing poor countries with rich countries. Their prices are nowhere close to proportionate to other expenses. For example, the villagers in this video would consider a single McDonald's burger a huge luxury. They can probably have 8-10 regular meals for that price in their village Of course, things are drastically different in big cities. If you compare with Mumbai, then it's almost as expensive as Singapore sometimes
Me and my partner are childfree as well! Partly because we are solidly average with no family wealth or power to pass on. Partly because we don't find it joyful to take care of a kid and watch them grow up, and prefer to spend the money traveling and pursing our own hobbies. Partly because life in Singapore is stressful, and there's no joy in bringing up another member of the working class so that others can profit. Partly because Singapore isn't a superpower, doesn't have natural resources, and can only throw money at building taller and taller walls to protect our tiny island. We felt this way before covid, and covid only made this feeling stronger.
me complains about group size down from 8 to 5 also me don't have enough friends to go out in more than groups of 4
me if i dip on the pool, resident say i took half the swim space already.
Me reading this post about least amount of sleep at 1am when i need to wake up at 6am Oh
Me too. But it starts from that one vote to make a difference. I'm doing it even if I feel that People's Action Party is going to win in Jalan Besar. I'm willing to give the opposition an opportunity to prove themselves in these 4-5years. If not, just vote them out again, simple. I can't stand Josephine teo ffs.
Me when glancing at the title I wonder if OP took a pic of the vodka shelf? Seconds later Me Yup, there's the vodka shelf
Me with 5 hours of sleep half the week then take like 11-12 hours of sleep for a night or two
Me, an essential worker during cheebye that enjoyed the practically empty MRT or buses where no one was allowed to sit next to you. Was truly the introvert's dream
Me. I want to hear from Ong Ye Kung, LW our ex Ministry of Education too. I thought all schools are good schools. Why now got lousy school
Meanwhile Germany to end most restrictions in March including vaccination ones And in Denmark officials see no reason to give more covid vaccines.
Meanwhile Grab lowered their base rider payout by around $1 per delivery, last I heard. I haven't done Grabfood in some time due to an unrelated injury but this is like a 10-20% paycut. Scummy company. edit Also to all prospective riders, please wear a helmet if you are a cyclist, and never rush to make your deliveries. I know it's tempting to to cram as many orders in as possible to hit your incentives, but you're spending a lot of time on the road or pavement and it's an incredibly dangerous place. Prioritise your safety above everything else.
Meanwhile the Singapore government doesn't Insist on vaccinations. Constant restrictions but the one thing that will help us get back to normal is being ignored. Having been so focused to date why are they failing so badly now?
Meanwhile, Some SME Boss how can dis b allow? Our employee has 7.5hrs more of productivity. We need to work them harder to improve productivity
Meanwhile,after a year since the Myanmar coup, outside of condemnation and high level meeting blocks, Singapore still has not imposed any sanction that will make a difference, plus another shipmenr of Avgas just left Singapore and will arrive on 2nd March.
Media portrayal is one factor, but I suppose it might also have something to do with the way some of the first gen post-Soviet Union leaders ran their individual countries, Russia included.
Medical students have to learn through experience. and everyone starts somewhere. Without hands on experience, medical students will graduate as poor doctors, and eventually treat future patients with less than optimal care. I agree though, that learning should not be done at the compromise of patients. However, it is prudent to understand the need for medical teachings to be carried out at teaching hospitals! which is most, if not all, public hospitals
Memories of cancelling my insurance cause I could barely to eat two slices of bread a day.
Men in white acting all good, righteous and clean. behind the facade, there are evil lurking within. This right here is the real face of politics. Gosipping and backbiting as a norm. Yet, these are the hypocrites that are employed to lead the country. To be fair, this goes to every other nation leaders as well. We live in the golden age of lies and hypocrisy, where leaders are not as righteous and sincere as what they ought to be.
Met a malay atheist and his parents forced him to drop out of polytechnic to go to a religious school. He did some work helping with other Malay atheists
Methinks People's Action Party is actually prepared to cede SK GRC. WP contested in the two SMCs that formed SK and did well - heck, they even won on in a by election and narrowly lost it again due to controversial circumstances. It is curious why SK GRC was even allowed to be formed. Not to mention that SK's demographics lean young. And the People's Action Party slate is relatively weak the anchor minister only shared the education portfolio for two years before being shifted into a non-ministerial position. If they were truly serious they could always send another minister over to helm it, as is happening in some other GRCs. Forget the two coasts this is the real battle to watch now.
MFA has already issued a statement condemning Russia. Stop being a keyboard warrior and check your facts first.
mfw when people still think being non-hetero is immoral State Counsels representing the Attorney-General's Chambers had previously argued that Section 377A sends a certain moral signal by its mere existence and advances a legitimate and reasonable state interest, reflecting an aspect of societal morality, regardless of whether and how it is enforced .
Might as well say what's the point of living? There are struggles in life, there are also beautiful moments in life. Depends on whether you're a glass half full or half empty sort of person.
Might be enough to force the issue to a head, if done cleverly and publicly. True, now it just feels like a waiting game to see what will be or who dares to be the final straw that breaks the camel's back. Imagine if hundreds of people, all upstanding members of the community, show up at police stations across Singapore, in a single day, all admitting to this crime and asking to be prosecuted? Wonder what police and AGC would do. If there comes a time when there are just too many of such cases, taking time away from dealing with more serious crimes our courts are already busy enough as it is , someone up there is going to have to make that call to say 'that's enough'.
Might be even better if done collectively. Imagine if hundreds of people, all upstanding members of the community, show up at police stations across Singapore, in a single day, all admitting to this crime and asking to be prosecuted?
Might be some blow up in Pasir Gudang further north of Ubin as you mentioned this is the general direction.
Mild symptoms can mean really high fever, difficulty breathing but can do so without support and knock-out fatigue. In medicine, Mild is a wide spectrum that includes it is unlikely to kill you right now, but there is still a chance to maim or cripple you. Why else would people flood the a&e dor mild issues when they KNOW that there are other people with covid that might make them worse off?
military doctrines aside, attacking another country first is a clear act of aggression, unless there is a declaration of war which lets be real, no country would call it that, just look at putin's special military operation
Millennial here too. I just feel that these relics should be abolished. Unnecessary stress for kids and to an extent teachers.
million a year to cry fake tears and do whatever the fuck they want, nice one people vote pap still somemore
MINDEF Every bit of that time is needed to train NSFs into a highly effective and disciplined fighting force. fulltime national serviceman in his 50th shift manning the ops room Huh?
Mine was 12 tables Sat lunch at Fullerton. 8 years back it was 1.1k per table. Made back everything. Everyone happier because it was a shorter affair. Brothers and sisters especially since it was half day instead of a stupid long morning-abduct-bride-lunch-groom-place-tea-ceremony-nua-2 hours-then-stupid-long-dinner event. In the end the ang bow I got was a few K total cost of everything. Guys, average life isn't that sad. You're the one making it that worse.
minimum age requirement before allowing an individual to undergo Yah, most doctors who do serious or GRS required the patients to either 18 or 21. The youngest I heard is 17 The girl is not asking for serious but HRT med for gender change . And no one doctor in Singapore is doing serious.
Minister doesn't browse Reddit . They day dreaming taking high salary at home , so called WFH
Ministers are like the emperor's new clothes then? If so they should be ashamed for not walking the ground. Ivory tower much?
Ministers are like the emperor's new clothes then? If so they should be ashamed for not walking the ground. Ivory tower much? Emperor's New Groove opening song 1 23 He's the hippest cat in creation, he is the Alpha, The Omega, A to Z Jesus Cat Christ I walk the ground
Ministry of Education being dumb. A trans dude needs to prepare for his serious. There is more preparation needed depending on which method. Bless trans men.
Ministry of Education definitely won't do anything, because then it would encourage protesting as a legitimate way to change policies.
Ministry of Education pays the teacher's salary, not your parents. Most people don't even pay income tax after having children etc
Ministry of Manpower justify the long hours by saying people are Singapore's only resource thus they need to be squeezed dry. Stone Age thinking with no concept of well-being or efficiency.
Ministry of Manpower pls slap this MF. Gosh, his head spoil or have no filter. I would at least soften the message before literally giving it to the reporter. Wow his Singapore SME mindset is front and Center.
Minor correction East Timor Leste isn't in ASEAN. yet. So that makes us Singapore the only ASEAN chad out there.
Minorities people need to stop being racist, we need to be respected too. Also minorities You Chinese people need to recognise your privilege uh, shut up and listen to us! DOUBLE STANDARD MUCH?
Minority? Maybe in countries with mostly secular rule, but then there's literal theocracies that exist where its citizens face punishment or even death for criticising or doubting the religion at all.
mmm yeah i thought it would be closer to the US experience of Dad class is locked down we have an active shooter in the hallways, I love you kind of scary level. Certainly not expecting this to happen in Singapore
MMMMMM CAI PNG AUNTY , i want MMMMM ZHE GE MMMMMM NA GE MMMMMMM ok la can liao kali zhi pls
MMTF To help relieve the healthcare burden, we are going to provide guidelines on what companies can do. Do note it is guidelines. wink wink
Modi is too busy trying to win a popularity contest to take decisive actions. The government there is busy censoring people on twitter who are critical of the government's handling, writing strongly worded letters to news media outside of India who dare to criticize India instead of focusing on the crisis.
MOH did well in brainwashing the masses with their vaccination narrative. Even reddit is affected. Kudos
Momentum slowing as the %increment is decreasing . But then again is Ong Ye Kung, later he jinx again.
Money is 100% an issue in any war brother. Money is probably THE biggest issue. You can print all the ruble you want it will just be worth nothing. This is especially so when your country is dependent on imports to fund either the war machine or food for the population or army.
Money is one of the dirtiest things out there, goes through so many hands or pockets or etc. Maybe through assholes even , in any case, i wouldn't risk to wipe my ass with it
Money isnt the issue but just one of many issues. If you think money isnt the issue then you're missing one of many points.
Money no enough 2 is quite good also. Teaches fillal piety. Almost cried when hui abandoned his mother at the old folks home
more cases than fully open countries Denmark 7-day average cases 39,190 Denmark population 5.8mil Denmark pop density 137 per sqkm Singapore 7-day average cases 14,564 Singapore population 5.6mil Singapore population density 8358 per sqkm
more cases than fully open countries London 7-day average cases 36,563 London population 8.9mil London population density 5701 per sqkm Singapore 7-day average cases 14,564 Singapore population 5.6mil Singapore population density 8358 per sqkm
Most are conscripts who have no idea this was an invasion, most thought it was a military exercise. There were also tons of conscripts surrendering to Ukraine and was told that they were lied to. Some captured POWs were told that Ukraine would welcome them as liberators. Hell there are a ton of sympathetic Ukrainians who are actively helping Russian conscripts to defect instead of killing them outright. There are Russians protesting and rioting in major Russian cities. Tons were arrested yet the protests still goes on. because suprise surprise, there are many Russians having family members in Ukraine and vice versa. Just like there will be a major protest and riots in Singapore if the Singaporean government decides to invade JB for no reason. Law be damned. It is awfully disgusting of you to see war as purely black and white without any nuances, either that or you lack any critical thinking skills.
Most are in the early 20s university students while one of them is in his 40s. Probably many others would want to join them but didn't had the courage to risk it
most atheists will never say their atheists because of the stigma- this stigma that atheists are these condescending, mean people who will bash you and look down on you. We just want to be left alone. I never told my mom because I didn't want her lying awake at night worrying I'm going to hell. I've only told like three people. When I admired it to my husband he said he may have to divorce me because he's not allowed to be married to me. There is real prejudice against atheists. The ones who are open about it understandably have a chip on their shoulder. We're less than five percent of the global population according to statistics.
Most chinese weddings are damn forgettable as well. Watch some cringe vid, cringe emcee, 8-10 courses that take forever to serve, and jiak buey go home cook maggi mee to supplement. Can only leave after 11+pm. Best wedding dinner I had the pleasure to attend is an indian one. Buffet style in 5star hotel, eat and drink until u explode, start eating before I even warm the seat. Eat finish talk cock with groom and then OTOT leave. Stayed there for 2hours only and thats because I eat until cannot move.
Most has a Diploma level education, the norm is $1900-2100. University level graduate is around $3200-3500. So this is typically on a higher end due to the lower education requirement. However, the work life balance is presumably not ideal
most important is to be able to find the strength to move on. unfortunately not all abuses can be dealt with by the law. hope you can build your own life successfully without anymore of those toxicity. Can relate to your situation as I am also trying to rebuild my own life tho moving out is not an option, for various reasons I no longer think about .
Most likely because it's right outside the police station. Protected Places Act makes the armed officers on higher alert on these kind of conflicts.
most muslims do not read the quran with meaning or the hadiths. they just read the rhyming arabic and feel good. Seriously psa to all muslim ladies here, go and read the hadiths, you will feel like a bombshell is dropped on you. i say ladies because islam favours men and the hadiths is one giant misogynstic pile of shit. if i tell my family i no longer practice I'll probably be disowned. fuck this religion
Most of my friends are non malay or non muslims. My GF is non-Muslim. Family doesn't know I'm very liberal I eat anything and everything, I have LGBTQ friends . I have malay colleagues but they're respectful of my ways. The boomer aunties will nag at me to be a better Muslim but not to the point of being annoying or aggressive. I know they just care for me. I've never encountered such experience where other muslims try to preach to me. Maybe because I try to live life as an NPC - I don't overdress, I don't have any tattoos or piercings. If I'm out for alcoholic drinks, I'll avoid coffee shops where muslims may also get their food. Optics matter I feel. I always prep myself tho especially when I'm out at bars. Muslims rarely go to such places. In any case, I make sure I practice my Filipino accent. Then get ready the line Ma'am or sir, are you speaking malay? I don't understand ma'am or sir. I am from Luzon, Philippines.
Most of South East Asia has always been a punching bag for this planet. Neither united, nor viable in any contribution to the world. We're just a dumping ground for tourists and are geographically lucky in terms of maritime trade.
Most of South East Asia was a colony at the time, including Indonesia. sukarno's distrust of colonial influence in shaping the organisation of South East Asia states stemmed from his experience in living in colonial Indonesia. Any colonial influence remaining in the region was viewed as a potential threat from a past oppressive ruler. The Ukraine - Russia geographical and demographic history is a lot more of a factor than just post-cold war sentiments. Crimea was gifted to Ukraine in 1954 by the USSR administration, and the majority of Crimeans are ethnically Russian. 1 in 3 Ukrainians speak Russian as a first language and 1 in 6 are ethnically Russian, concentrated more in eastern Ukraine Donbass, now recognized as an independent region by Putin . There is also the Budapest memorandum where Ukraine gave up their nuclear warheads to russia in exchange for a multi lateral defence partnership. Whether Ukraine can be viewed as autonomous and sovereign is the crux of the issue. To extrapolate Russia's response to Ukraines attempt to distance itself to all of Russia's neighbours is ignorant of context War never changes, but no two conflicts are the same.
Most of the comments don't deny that the police were just doing their jobs but most people are bashing the government for even making transphobic policies.
most of the time , the fixed fare comfort ride option is cheaper than just grab. go figure it .the ride comes faster without the 10 mins wait unlike grab.
Most of the time I just ignore them. If you too shy or nervous or anxious or polite to ignore people, always have earphones then you can pretend not to hear and walk away very fast. One time I did engage with one of those storytel people - showed her my kindle and told me I prefer reading words rather than listening.
Most of them, i'd say. However with the spread of pro-Russian posts, by next week they'll already use it as the reason to support Putin
Most people don't mean to be racist. They just lack the sensitivity due to insufficient exposure. Depending on each individual's personality, one would act differently. There might be people who know that racial topics are sensitive and will stay away from it. Even to the extent of distancing themselves for fearing of making mistakes. So this might get mistaken as a form of segregation by the minorities. There might be another group of people who are more outspoken and might accidentally make remarks that are inappropriate unknowingly. And of course, there is always a group of people who just can't get along with anyone different from them and refuse to tolerate little differences. Young people tend to be more rash and insensitive. Not because they really meant it but it can't be helped they lack the wisdom until they eventually learn. I am sorry you had to experience these throughout your life. Hopefully, you might be able to recognize not everyone wants to offend and hurt others. One thing though, you should embrace your identity with pride and try to be yourself without listening to what other people might think. The first few steps can be intimidating but once you get past that, all these frustrations will go away.
Most people in Singapore's hospitals don't need urgent care, having only mild symptoms. Source In addition to this, a lot of this sounds like a self-created problem by the government. Their tedious and strict policies on healthcare workers have encouraged them to quit, and therefore are facing a manpower crisis. I'm sure there are other factors to play here but the fact that other first world countries have lifted every single restriction whilst maintaining their healthcare system whilst we can't is a poor reflection on us rather than blaming the virus.
Most people stay in office, but don't work more. They come in late, spend most of the day being distracted by Whatsapp and only do some solid work in the evening. If they did their work early and left on time, their co-workers would think them lazy, so everyone peer-pressures each other into staying late.
Most political parties should have a Youth Wing, so you'll have to check with your desired party. It's also fine to just show up at an event and ask them. Facebook pages, twitter accounts, MPS days all work. I realise this doesn't quite answer your question but I think it depends. There aren't defined age requirements.
Most religion makes spreading the faith part of their religion. For example, if you truly believe that the world is surrounded by demons and devils who are not your insert religious faith , and the world is going to be destroyed because of it, it makes perfectly logical sense to try and save more people by converting them. You say this because you don't think of religion as being the truth and reality of all things. people who are truly religious are more siao-lang and really believe whatever they are saying.
Most spiders are venomous but nth will happen to us save for a very small select species when bitten
Most want to ban under the guise of covid prevention but actually have inherent racist mindsets
Most work 8 hours a day, 5 days a week This kind of job probably wants you to work 12 hour a day for 5 or 6 days a week
Most young Russian people dont want war at all That is sadly probably true for a bunch of conscripts who are being sent at the meat-shredder called war
Mostly I'm just pissed off that you can effectively communicate your experience in English. Unlike half the Americans I live with. Also parents become total asses with their child or school no matter what continent you are on.
mostly made from yps tonning and slacking late at night and sleeping for a few hours before going out again
Mostly the traditional Japanese and Korean companies. Many Singapore SMEs are no better throwing in additional job scopes after you get hired. Also Korea and Japan has a 40 hour work week, additional hours are considered overtime. Singapore still has 44 hour work week. So while not perfect these countries tries to use laws to manage it.
Mothership owned by pap already they got someone sitting in their committee edit ownself go find. you'll be surprised
Move to UK. Then you can ask the same question, but from UK. Life is shit everywhere, unless you're rich.
Moving out in your teens is a very American concept, and even Americans are moving back in with their parents because they realise rent is ridiculous. It's because properties and rentals have ballooned over the decades, not because renting is ridiculous.
Moving out to rent when you're on good terms with your family is just dumb in my opinion. In the States many are realising just how untenable renting is and moving back in with their parents. But hey, your money your life.
Moving to Malaysi wait no. Moving to Australia wait no. Fuck it,calling Elon Musk right now
Mr Elson Lee, founder and chief executive of a student recruitment company, said he insists on seeing an MC to verify an employee's claim that he is covid positive. A bit tangential but what is a student recruitment firm? Like recruiting students for PT work? Or recruiting students for educational institutions?
Mr Elson Lee, founder and chief executive of a student recruitment company, said he insists on seeing an MC to verify an employee's claim that he is covid positive. How would we know if the employee is genuinely unwell? Like how do we verify, do we call MOH? Even that is a big hassle, he said, adding that employees should be made to take a supervised antigen rapid test ART at a quick-test centre QTC . I think the QTCs should send an alert to the HR department of the company, I think that's more efficient, he suggested. This is the kind of idiots that I wouldn't want to work for. Eh Mr Lee, trust your employees a bit la. Maybe you should wonder if you're the problem if your employees go to that extent just to avoid working. What a ridiculous rhetoric.
Mr Heng's in JB GRC and he's a good MP in my opinion so a lot of people would vote for him. He's been in Whampoa since 2001 and has done a lot for Whampoa so people will definitely vote for him. I speak as a Whampoa resident
Mr Jacky Huang, a 43-year-old who works in the IT industry. He had rushed to the school after receiving a message from his daughter in Year One that there was someone allegedly wielding an axe in the school. I'm not a parent and probably never will be, but holy crap, that might be one of the most terrifying messages to get from your child, especially in the context of Singapore where you'd probably never imagine something like this happening in present day.
Mr President, let me conclude by saying that the world is watching us as we meet today in the General Assembly. As members of the General Assembly, we have to act swiftly, firmly and with unity of purpose. Singapore is one of the main co-sponsors of the draft resolution that has been tabled for adoption in this General Assembly. Singapore will not hesitate to vote 'yes' on this draft resolution. Singapore will always vote to uphold the principles of the UN Charter, and to uphold International Law, and I would like to urge all members of the General Assembly to vote 'yes' for this resolution, and distinguished delegates, this resolution is not about taking sides, it is about upholding International Law and the principles of the UN Charter. The United Nations, distinguished delegates, is being tested today. It is important that all countries, especially the small states, send a clear signal that we are united for peace and we are united to defend the principles of the Charter and that we are united to uphold International Law. I thank you for your attention.
Mr. Sandman, bring me a dream bung, bung, bung, bung Make him the cutest that I've ever seen bung, bung, bung, bung Give him two lips like roses and clover bung, bung, bung, bung Then tell him that his lonesome nights are over Sandman, I'm so alone bung, bung, bung, bung Don't have nobody to call my own bung, bung, bung, bung Please turn on your magic beam Mr. Sandman, bring me a dream
Much better to have leaders that don't lead the country into a crisis in the first place.
Much harder to say. In terms of principle which the speech focuses much on, Ukraine is an internationally recognised sovereign country and a UN member. Taiwan, like it or not, isn't. In terms of pragmatism, the Chinese economy is much more important, both to Singapore and globally. Sanctions by any party against China will hurt both ways more significantly than compared to Russia. In any case, let's hope conflict across the Taiwan Strait never come to pass.
mUh NaRrAtiVe Yes they do, per capita. That's why I used the word 'rate' - it means 'per capita'. According to FBI UCR Table 12 there were 1,604 people killed with knives or cutting instruments. in the US in 2016. In the UK for the same year there were 213 victims killed by knife or or sharp instrument accounting for over 1 in 3 37% homicides. murder, manslaughter and infanticide . Accounting for the population difference, US 327m vs UK 66m gives us a stabbing murder rate of 0.50125 for the US and 0.322 for the UK.
Multiple restaurants going to lose money, i know f&b workers who have been asked to go on no pay leave already for these 4 weeks, and they still think their ndp is more important. The livelihoods of the common person is not important but wayang is
Murder cases take a long time because of the evidence needed. Considering the implication of a guilty verdict it's not an investigation you want done half- fucked.
Must be a hard life you lead if you cant differentiate the reality we live in from your fantasy
Must be some weird algorithm thing going on, because my feed is full of Malaysians supporting Ukraine.
Must be very inspirational to all the tiktokers Soon more opportunity for reach in 10min and win this 50cents expired snickers I got from value dollar
Must go try bublik. Singapore russian grocer on Sam Leong Road, the selection of products is better!
Must show my sengkang kakis this. THIS IS THE KIND OF STUFF WE NEED IN PARLIAMENT. Not another paper general who is a yes man in parliament. Vote right
MustShareNews is nothing in terms of reach. Mothership won't dare to touch it because religion is a dicey issue, unless it's something proven to be illegal like the CHC saga.
muzzle flashes are caused by heat igniting the gases leaving the barrel so single shots don't produce any muzzle flare.
My ac always between 23-25, i find this a sweet spot between freezing hell and sahara.
My acquaintances who go on to be insurance agents really have no sense of shame, they just want to flex and get into MDRT.
My alternative take Why you pessimistic artist so negative as fuck all the time. Like. no one yells at nurses or even anyone for a cup of milo man. Even if you die die dig for one, it's like 1 guai lan out of 10000. Is only painting about a fucked up human society the only way to generate attention now? Come on man.
My bad, I didn't read that it had been reinstated. But interestingly, it says that Ukraine is ending conscription and expanding its professional army. The same as Taiwan.
My bad. But there are definitely reactionary idiots out there who'd write something along the lines of what you said without any sarcasm.
My brother works in supermarket. He say no panic buying but got increase in crowd liao
My classmate was a great friend of the film class, who always hated me and did it last school year. In October, for example, this extra blanket with a muskrat collided with me on the bus on a chair and I did nothing. They just started and pulled me away and just scolded me for the money but we apologized and we started over. Then in February they contacted me and brought me the car because they believed SJW was a fraudulent fraudster who accused me of being transphobic. We had finished our last request and we were expected to move on. In April, they texted me again because this guy was lying and what he was saying at the time, and then he said he didn't know for sure, he didn't know the time and was sent videos the next morning and I said I wanted to go and they told me what had happened, but she said she would never see it again, and they were all gone. Again, we apologized again and he was hooked on it. However, when I get sued in the summer with representatives from them saying they pretend to be friends and they never actually made me. I tried to steer them the next school year but the general said he couldn't do it because he was not serious or shy or semi-polished. They all went through their lives without me even thinking. Then, this girl called, to call Poopy Skank PS , to ask me that she didn't like what she said. This lie was turned away and the only way he kept up with what his friends were doing. He kept me up all evening thinking about each other and being in pain. I decided it was time to finish all of this for the whole time I went where I needed to be, right before dinner, and when it came to the type of food I had salt and run away.
My cockles are as warm as it get right now, i wanna eat cockles now and sleep knowing that Singapore government in next 5 years would be like 2011 where shit gets fixed and government does duties well. With 10 seats on opposition and 12 ncmp along with 61% votes on the People's Action Party.
My colleague whos 40+ refuse to get vaccinated because her mom doesnt want to so she say its no use to get vaccinated since her mom is unvaccinated if vaccination is just to protect others
My comment is not only targeted at those in power, but also the citizens who still thinks homosexuality will harm the society. And there are a lot of them. Even on reddit.
My concerns lie with them harming themselves and with the government potentially treating it as perfectly healthy. So what if it's their private lives, would I not oppose people committing suicide in their private lives too? Again, using protection is effective against STDs, but not so much cancer. It is unhealthy calling it adequately healthy but with largely unmitigable danger might not hurt sexually confused students' feelings, but it's not giving them the proper understanding that resisting those feelings can extend their life by upwards of a quarter. Even parents that work constantly can surely find like 10 minutes on one of their days off or vacations within the years of time they have with their kids to give them a basic sexual education. The straight up terrible parents might not, but even then it's likely they'll get some knowledge by osmosis or through a friend, and while it's better for them to get a school education than for this to happen, for the vast majority of students the extra class could be filled with vital subjects like civics or physical education.
my condolences to the victim and family to all the rv kids, take care
My dad and mom still say this lo While their own faces are also glued to the phone I bet! Double-standard.
my dad is a taxi driver under CDG, his earnings depleted significantly since heightened alert just 1 or no customers on some days . thankful for the reduction in rental rates, hopefully more people will support taxis instead of Grab in such tough times '
My dad says hi too. My dad works at the construction site before he was retrenched during the pandemic, he is not the supervisor or engineer but those operating the cranes etc. Usually he work alongside with the foreigner worker. Because this not a job many Singaporeans want but he doesn't have a choice. Income is $6k, sounds good right? The catch is only 2 Sunday off a month, start work at 730am end at 8 or 9pm and can be anywhere, mostly ulu places that have 0 public transport in, so 30 min walk from the bus stop or crazy price for grab. He witnessed the crane toppling, many deaths and etc. His biggest regret is missing almost all the milestones or big days of his kids first step, first day at school, graduated from primary or secondary or JC or polytechnic or university, prize ceremony etc etc etc I guess people can complain about the High pay for hawker but catch will probably be the long working hours, starting work before we are awake and ending after we're done with supper and little rest days. Not forgetting rude customers the worst .
My deepest condolences to the victim's family And hope the secondary 1 boy rest in peace. Also to my fellow RV brothers or sisters may God give u strength to overcome this situation, And meanwhile people let us also not judge people easily. I feel pity for the secondary 4 boy who did not have proper person to talk to.Pls pls if you are going thru something bad, something stressful be it exams,be it frdship breakups,be it parents nagging pls pls tell dm me or dm ur frds,trs .I know some school counsellors are shitty and they cannot help but talking to ur fav tr or or tr u close to. Best is outside adult counsellor or ur older cousin relatives.And to those who think depressionis not real,mental health is stupid I would like all of you to open ur eyes and see what is going on.Pls take care of mental health more pls.
My examples still apply regardless of whether it's sharing a home or renting out fully. Certain cooking practices and burning incense will stain furniture and walls with colours and odourants which can be more costly than the deposit to rectify. Or if I'm a muslim, I wouldn't want non-halal food to be stored in my fridge or cooked in my kitchen if I want to move back eventually. If I want to rent out my home, I would want to minimise the chances of having to deal with all these things when I get it back, for the benefit of the next tenant or myself.
My experience with NUH has been different from what has been shared here. My husband has been under the care of NUH in the last 10 plus yrs for a chronic liver condition. The doctors hve been outstanding in their care. He needs repeated follow ups. To help us reduce cost, they offered to down grade him from a B to a because lowest class subsidized patient. He still sees the same specialists in the same clinics. When he needed hospitalisation in because class wards, the nurses were kind and attentive. The wards were clean and cool. Yes, young doctors came by, but that is to be expected since it was a teaching hospital. But they came during their regular rounds, not at all times of the day. Aside from NUH, my family has also been going to the polyclinics. We were pleasantly surprised that there are now many young doctors when formerly there were older and perhaps foreign doctors. These young doctors are super friendly and polite. Since they had mostly just qualified, they still had a alot of book knowledge and were willing to spend time explaining to us.
My father sperm donor used to hit me with a belt even up to secondary school. He only stopped when I started fighting back. I swear one day I'm going to cave his skull in with a hammer.
My father's small business is going into debt with the rent thanks to the karaoke lounge cluster and the selfish old boomers not getting vaccinated. I'm exhausted, tired, and my mental health has never gone lower because of how unpredictable things have been. I have nothing to offer in this comment except to vent and whine. I'm still staying home and following the rules, but man is the depression and anxiety kicking in. Fuck the selfish pricks not getting vaccinated.
My feed is filled with Kim lim today. Did you know she was a druggy, daddy had to bail her out to prevent tarnishing her image.
My friend asked me, why do I even bother watching all the Singaporean games? Most of them aren't even local, Singapore only knows how to import talents yadayada. At least we can bring in talents and groom them with our status, we can't even bring class to our own citizens.
My friend got slashed near his jugular vein with a penknife when we were in secondary 3.before assembly. Blood splattered at the back of the class.
My friend in the government is still going to his office for work that he can totally do at home. So. what WFH? Who checks the government?
My friend is a guy who can't really say no to his exwife. Some men are just slaves to women they love. All the bloodflow going to the bottom head until no more blood going to their brains.
My friend was one of the OC and he instantly sent it to us through Facebook chat
My friend who happened to be a FA told them he would sign up for their subscription if the lady bought a ILP from him,
My friend's family finally decided to get vaccinated and she was supposed to get her first vaccination yesterday. Only we found that one of our classmate's tested positive Thursday night so I don't know whether she managed to get it. None of her family are fully vaccinated yet so I kinda pity them but it was their own decision in the end.
my friends who got covid told me that nurses are being hurled threats at by patients due to the long waiting time at the clinic. there seems to be no end in sight for these poor healthcare workers. the government's solution seems to be that the extra monetary bonus for front line workers
My general understanding is that because of innovative zoning laws, Japan has affordable housing prices that depreciate over time.
My gf felt it too. She was freaking out. Asking me if her chair is moving. I was in the same room didn't feel shit. But then I'm suffering from covid my body couldn't care less about some minor earthquake.
My girlfriend is an allied health professional, the amount of administrative shit outside of seeing patient they need to do is such a joke. Add that on to all the keeping up to medical standard shit they need to do OUTSIDE of office hours, and it's no wonder why people want to leave.
My grand parents on both sides have 8-9 kids. Reason being they owned farms, and having another pair of hands helps them with the farm work and costs of having and raising one isn't expensive.
my grandpa and grandma has being doing that in America for quite some time now. Basically every time I video call them I hear a background YouTube song or podcast playing. And exercising too I think.
My guess is government will copy what France did - requiring proof of vaccination to enter cafe, restaurant, shopping centres, etc.
my guess is shift. for example if you work tuesday to sunday mon off 3.2k work mon to saturday, sunday off 2.9k. or 10 hrs vs 12 hrs a day.
My guy you're using that 1 or 1000 statistic arbitrarily I best most of these fellas reporting sick are in the fully vaccinated, less vulnerable group.
My gym is currently conducting classes outside. So far no changes from SportSG, hope it remains like this.
My headcanon is that the Singaporean just walked over to the rest and go eh, tumpang can or not?
My heart aches for you. I hope you'll ride through this storm. As you said, soldier on my warrior!
My heart is with you, but I won't be for too long because my arteries disagree
My heart weeps for two families destroyed today and the loss of life for the poor boy who was at the wrong place and the wrong time. I pray for his soul and for an end of suffering for all concerned. It is almost too much to bear.
My hospital had a survey and my colleagues and I all gave feedback, but till date nothing has changed. Some of the restrictions are so ridiculous I.e. they impede our work. But management isn't listening to the ground. My sister who was a nurse voiced out to the nursing directors along with many other colleagues, there was even a letter signed by a 100 nurses once regarding a particular issue. Nothing happened. No changes. They were just expected to suck it up. She quit earlier this year because her mental health was suffering. She and many others broke bond, so it's really not about the money. The upper management is too out of touch with the ground.
My household income is less than 2k, and my parents have two children 13 and 21 . My younger brother is PR, paying a higher school fee than Singaporeans and we get by. Obviously you are not min-maxing and not cutting cost where you could. We are not receiving additional funds from social services or external help and not getting waivers etc.
My husband laments that I will never convert. We've been married 26 years. Honestly I'd fake it to get him off my back but it's so.much.work
my instagram is here but I only recently started posting all of my art can be found here not much local stuff though, sorry!
My kids get high fever once every awhile growing up but there's no vaccine or medical emergency for seasonal flu bugs so why so scared about this for kids?
My mindset is that killing just leads to more paper work so its better not to do so. You kill someone with one bullet but then you die months on end with a shitload of paperwork.bad press etc.
My mom is a ssn working in healthcare too. Its tough, if anything, you too are risking your life to serve the nation. Today she got sick and tell us to stay far away from her even when we live together, until she visit a doctor herself. Kinda break my heart a lil to hear that.
My mother has this crazy notion that if it's not at least 50 tables, it's not a wedding. Help la
My mum was given an allergist appointment so fast that she missed it letter sent and not read till after the appointment and now her new appointment is Christmas time . She could maybe have gotten fully vaccinated by now
My neckbeard moment Technically it's more accurate to call it ikemen Sanders. It's leviOsa, not levioSa!
My opinion is that the reason Pfizer recommended 3 weeks because there was only time to test a 2 dose 3 weeks apart regimen. If Pfizer did phase 3 trials on a 2 dose 12 weeks apart regimen, it'll mean more time spent on testing and a later start to vaccinations. The earlier people get vaccinated, the more lives are saved. There is now strong evidence to show the first dose is far more important than the second dose. The rationale for the second dose seems to be to confer long term protection, and the first dose seems to be to stop the spread, and decrease mortality. In the short term, the latter is way more important than the former.
My parents are from China too and they are a bunch of horrible human beings, racist my father hates construction workers , elitist they hate my friends who did badly for exams , sexist scold me for not having children . Just to share, my first best friend in Singapore was an Indian girl, she befriended me when other Chinese classmates bullied me for coming from China, she befriended me even when i couldnt speak english. She lent me Harry Potter books and I ate curry at her house love it . Sadly my parents suddenly transfer me to another school without notice and i dont even know what is her phone number i know today the reason why im not racist like my parents is because of the incredible kindness and difference that a Singaporean Indian showed to me.
My parents play the hell out of this game, I followed suit to spend more time with them on walks and what not, but yeah, people I run into at raids are all their age middle aged 40+ , very interesting.
My personal belief - almost all females have a level of sexual attraction to other females. Just a matter of whether how far they are willing to progress their desires. For males, I think it's whatever you are born with. I can't bring myself to be attracted to another male under any circumstances.
My personal belief is that I'd never willingly bring a child into the world, but I'm very willing, if possible, to have the privilege of adopting kids
My point is they can take every part of the country within a day or two if they wanted, no matter what we field in the country's defense.
My prediction version 2 of the safe entry bluetooth point. Check in double green light for vaccinated, green + red light for unvaxed. Why 2 colors instead of 1? so people won't just reuse the old safe entry kiosk for this new usage.
My Sincere thanks to the voters in Seng Kang, and also Aljunied and Hougang for not paying heed to the many cheap shots the People's Action Party employed against the WP over the years . Thank you all
My sis have the same issue also. Big headache. Doc blocked her from taking second shot
My sister quit last month. She couldn't take it anymore, and she was an experienced and capable nurse. She said if she didn't quit, her mental state would be irreparably damaged, so she had to get out while she could. people just don't care much about their struggles. It's not the pay, she and multiple of her colleagues have to pay back their bonds they paid for further studies . They just couldn't handle the treatment from upper management + the public. I'm also in public healthcare but in admin. I try to make the lives of the docs and nurses easier where I can. They've asked me not to quit when some of my colleagues left that kinda touched me.
My sleep pattern was ruined by - NS - Working at 7E to make extra cash - OTing due to lack of staff and unreasonable deadlines - Demanding family members - Trying to catch up on FUN because of the 4 things above
My social group consist of childcare teachers who are slowly giving up the industry one by one.
My two bedroom apartment in downtown Oakland 1h+ to SV in rush now does for $3,000 usd 4100 sgd per month.
My uncle owns a hunting dog in malaysia, he just cuts the part where the dog bites
My understanding of Further, notice Wa lau already tell the notice to stand further liao. Why still stand so close? Where is the social distancing
My unit mates used to think that I am joking when I joked that our lives only cost 500 dollars to protect the different S in the army during an invasion Like I say they used to think that I am joking about my trust in our leaders
My unit worked with the Guardsman who was the casualty of the commandos carelessness. Truly heartbreaking to see my squadron mates breaking down over the needless tragedy
My view as an outsider was Singapore afforded people a comfortable lifestyle with well paid jobs and affordable housing. Which is why they put up with the heavy social restraints. But it sounds like living anywhere else but with heavy social restraints and laws dictating your personal life.
My white son is marrying an Indian girl and I think mixed race marriages are still frowned on here? Your son will be fine. Whiteness is bulletproof here. Singaporeans love to associate with white people. There's some serious post-colonial white worship here, which most white expats interpret as friendly . Friends in the expat circle who talk about Singapore being friendly and welcoming are overwhelmingly white. Expats of other ethnicities have very different perceptions. Older Singaporeans might look at your son as a perpetual foreigner, clueless about traditions, and there may be jokes about lacking culture and morals common stereotypes people have of white people . But these prejudices are majorly trumped by the perceived value of white association. White men are a trophy. White women even more so.
My wife and I are in our early 40s and childfree, and very happy with our decision. You do not need a child to make your life complete. In fact, I also feel that you do not need to get married to make your life complete. What matters is that you know what you want in life and what makes you happy, set your goals, and then work towards them.
My Wife and SIL is blur like sotong and don't know who the fuck is Jamus.
My wife changed her name not specifically for that reason but having a secular name has its advantages .
My wife has a desktop so I use her screen during the daytime. Would get a couple more screens but i lack desktop space in my current home
My wife is a GP and pregnant. She's seen two suspect cases that were sent for testing. and she's kicked me out of the house, telling me not to come home till she knows whether the suspects are negative. Really feel like shit that I can't support her during this time.
My wife was like that also, by in laws . Want too much face to appear greedy, but greedy in the heart. After everything over, max kpkb, say no house, still renting, si bei sia suay, wedding so cheap, friends go lose face, why the groom so poor one, confirm no future, sure die marry into poverty, life of internal hardship. We move state to escape all this nonsense, and even then its still not easy, every time see them will have bad remarks coming out. In Singapore, I dunno what you all can do, one piece of land so small, even you NC them, also sure meet them somewhere eventually.
My work dont need MC, but still need see doctor to be registed to get the ART kits or the sms notification and also some really need the meds. Why blame all employers when the government policy did not include workplace or schools situation. I assume school need the sms notification which also to get that, need to go out to the testing centers.
Nah but we got the break-up one. Like when they find a couple they tell them either break up or one od them leaves the school, anr she's always like the girl will refuse to leave while the guy always chooses to end it rather than leave. She always used it to tell girls that the guy will always leave them
Nah gtfo of here with your typical whataboutism fallacy. Supporting Ukraine doesn't mean one has to have an opinion on every single conflict in the world. That's like asking someone who defends Black rights 'what about Asians? what about LGBT? what about women? what about maids? what about animals?'
nah i dont mind. Canon 6D w 16-35 f or 4 IS or i might have even shot this with my 50mm sigma art, not too sure
Nah it's either True Singaporeans TM here or People's Action Party IBs. It's battle lines drawn, all the time, on every topic, with these people. Irony is they would be the first to run away from the country if war hits, while simultaneously lambasting our elderly PM and President on why they don't don on FBOs and stand in the frontlines.
nah man he was P4 in 2017 so secondary 2 this year hpps sent P4 to perform in 2017
Nah man u good. I understand where you are coming from, and its great that you are taking a stand to highlight this issue of how people think treating others of a lower class like shit is alright. Be nice to everyone guys 3
Nah they won't. Or they'll say the government is using this as an excuse for lack of previous planning as usual.
Nah, kids are just mean. All over the world. OP's story could be told in any country's subreddit
Nah, NZ just goes through different alerts 1- 4 . Their community measures have largely been far more relaxed than Singapore's for the past year, even when they were facing issues between Aug- Sep 2020.
Nah, the Japan nowadays isn't the Japan of the 90s, or even 2010s anymore. I would argue Singapore's workplace culture isn't as widely reported as Japan's that's why the perception is that Japan regarded as the worst.
Nah, they're bureaucrats. They're better off staying away from the fighting as much as they can.
Nah, we participated in the coalition of the willing and got a FTA with US afterwards
Nah. I think that this keeps the balance. The same way a local decides not to give a house to an Indian, a firm may decide not to give the job to a local. Just as the Indian sucks it up, the local also better learn to suck it up.
NANI! When ito missed the ball and held the racket like it's a ice cream stick
national serviceman here. Field camp next week will still carry on with 100+ men without masks. Why tho?
Naturally acquired immunity is not recognized. Those with naturally acquired immunity must still get the shots to be recognized as compliant.
Naw I'm with him too. It's one thing to serve full time NS and another thing to actually die for your country in a shooting war. Here is an actually unpopular opinion the Ukranian people have deep ties to their homeland and their nation. Singaporeans have deep ties to what? Our low tax rate?
Naw, I misunderstood HARD. I thought that was showing the spread of all the dead people. Not how many died out of total cases.
NEA or MSS has issued the info already Earthquake Info Date of detection 25 Feb 2022 Time of detection 9.39 am Singapore Time Coordinates of Epicentre 0.3 N, 100.1 E Magnitude 6.1 Estimated depth 1.8 km Location 75 km NNW of Bukittinggi, 433 km WSW of Singapore Assessment Tremors may be felt in Singapore. Nil tsunami advisory.
Nearly half 45% of African Americans experienced racial discrimination when trying to rent an apartment or buy a home.
Need more people like him to show the world what Singapore kids are made of. Actually kidding, I think one is enough.
Need to change the date. Earliest letter submission Sat 12 Feb 2022. Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Need to wait for all boomers to die off brother. Racial harmony is really good in school. I remember in secondary school I always hanged out with the Malay and Indian folks. They are really cool. Sharing cigarettes and watching each others' back in the school toilet.
Need to zero . I Thot we just cannon fodder. Take and chiong the direction they point us?
Neo-Nazi is represented in parliament of Ukraine And seriously, it really defines what is Nazism? A A strong leader One-Party state with pro-business and strong anti-communism or anti-socialism ideology. Arguably, People's Action Party fits into this category too. Donald Trump has often compared with Hitler even before the Capitol Riot. Do rememeber that Trump has a daughter who is married to a Jew and converted to Judaism By this measure, being a Nazi does not one to be anti-Jewish. Thus Ukraine has a President of Jewish ethnicity in a landslide 70+% votes does not matter B One Land, One Race, One Leader. Arguably, the most Nazi places would be Japan, Korea Both North and South and China Including Taiwan due to relatively lack of immigrants and the main race is like 90%+. Whether they have institutionlized racism, i leave it as is. This is what the neo-Nazis in Malaysia aims to do. Stop immigrations, both legal, illegal including refugees Thinks that crimes drug abuse, theft etc. are caused by migrants How they want to do that is also another question. Violent means at first or no? The neo-Nazi in Ukraine can arguably falls into this section. They just want one land Ukraine , one race Ukraianians and one leader Ukraine territorial integrity . So they exclude Ukraianians of Russian ethnicity in Donbass region since 2014 As these Ukraianians of ethnic Russians are anti-Maiden because The one that involves systematically eliminates Jews. Nothing need to be said here. This is Hitler.
Never an easy decision. When crazy old people are out of sorts with a knife, I would rather see non-lethal approaches, including those that might seem uncivilized. Discharging a firearm brings with it a nontrivial likelihood of death. The finality of that is too traumatizing especially for family. If the person was young and strong, then the calculus to shoot first has more validity.
Never been down from your ivory tower to mix with reality eh? There is very little recourse for both tenants and landlords to recover losses, be it unreasonable detention of security deposit or extensive damage to property. Whatever is said in the contract will be enforced only through civil means and the cost of litigation usually outweighs the monies recovered.
Never forget who you are. Wear it like an armour. That way it could never be used to hurt you.
never give your CC details or debit card details for these iffy things without a contract. The sales person can say anything and everything to get you to fill it in. Oh yes, i confronted them saying its free why need my CC details . If you want to allow more people to try? Then make it really free to try without the need for CC deatils. for your information. the NILB app has a literal tons of free ebooks. No need storytel
Never knew he was an alumni of my secondary school. Always thought Dhanabalan was the most famous alumni from Victoria
Never let a good crisis go to waste. Nothing like justifying systemic slavery of young men aged 18 using a war in Europe. Did you spend 100% of your time in NS preparing for defence? I certainly didn't. So don't tell people not to complain when they make huge sacrifices in their lives.
Never once a post in get so many response, anyway these kind of people, hard to change, prolly some kind of Asian thing here smh
Never underestimate the grandious gestures of the piously religious to make a massive issue over a stupid non event. I am more Godly than you if I can take something to the ridiculous extreme. Not eating Pork or other Haram foods was for health reasons when it started and made sense as there wasnt an understanding of salmonella or bacteria at the time but there was the knowledge that it could make you sick. Everything past that is man trying to look better in the eyes of their God
Never understood why people keep making a big deal of his handling of the situation to be honest. Said as much in other threads. Just because he cried in parliament means he cares?
nevermind religiosity. the prevalence of mental illness is pretty far from zero. the fact that the two have coincided in the same human shouldn't be taken with more than a pinch of salt.
New insight. Our currency is expensive and made of good quality plastic. Or is it made out of good plastic n thus is expensive. Mmmm.
New Zealand and Finland come to mind. New leader of Chile might be good. Too early to tell. There are quite a few in their 40s and 50s, But plenty are in their 70s and it shows in negative ways.
New Zealand does it somewhat defacto with long ass wait times. They just don't get as much bad press about it.
Next gen of parents confirm funny. Next Gen parents see child playing HOW MANY TIMES HAVE I TOLD YOU TO NOT USE YOUR ULTI SO EARLY? Simple match also cannot win still want me buy you a new graphics card to waste my money is it? You better learn from your uncle or auntie how to play rank so you stop wasting electricity on losses.
Next stop, government heard massive amount of complains from resident due to loud noise through-out the day and night. government to regularly inspect resident home for heavy machinery.
Next thing you know, viral WhatsApp messages spread by folks of our parents' generation. DO NOT GO SWIMMING THESE FEW DAYS. Animals have been spotted in swimming pools, and not sure what viruses they bring into the pools.
Next time just use this neat trick Oh, I already talked to one of your guys at random location pulled from your ass How do I know this trick? Well.because I kena from Storytel just like you at Kent Ridge MRT But on the bright side, I just realised that you can apply this trick to ANY salesperson or brand
Next time you see a Storytel staff, ask them if they have heard of a fucking library. It's free.
Next time you see a Storytel staff, ask them if they have heard of a fucking library. It's free. Storytel people stuck outside the library at Stadium MRT station pretending to be affiliated with the Library
Next time, you can tell them you've just tested positive for covid and you gotta go home right now to self isolate p hope you get your refund soon!
Ng Boon Gay - he is actually still kind of employed by Singapore Government so it isn't true what Straits Times said. He is quietly the Deputy Chief Executive, Singapore Operations of Certis. Certis originated from the Guard and Escort unit of the Singapore Police Force SPF , which was separated from the SPF as the Commercial and Industrial Security Corporation CISCO in 1972 as a statutory board with a monopoly over most areas of the local private armed security industry. Former Central Narcotics Bureau CNB chief Ng Boon Gay, who was acquitted of corruption last year, has been retired from public service effective Wednesday. The decision by the Public Service Commission follows the conclusion of internal civil service disciplinary proceedings and was made in the public interest , said a Home Affairs Ministry spokesman on Wednesday following queries from The Straits Times. The 47-year-old former Public Service Commission scholarship holder had faced four counts of corruptly obtaining sexual favours from Ms Cecilia Sue in exchange for furthering the business interests of her then-employers. The trial had gripped the nation early last year for saucy text messages between the duo.
Ngl I slept the most in university. No regular schedule but I could sleep as long as I didn't have things to do. My friends would walk into my hall room at 3pm and both me and my roomie would be dead asleep
Ngl just realised how toxic the Singapore community is online especially with regards to schooling and her. Feels like most should be barred from talking shit about athletes cause they have no clue who they are and cant relate to them
ngl, i actually enjoyed the first 1, maybe because i was a botak serving the nation in tekong when it came out. the 2nd one i didn't quite enjoy because i only wanted to know the ending. .
ngl, i am pretty impressive by how some people can study for 12 hours+ with short breaks in between sia
Ngl, it feels like something sinister is lurking around the corner. The fact that this soft blanket to restrict social interactions came about rather abruptly given how we have progressed in the last few months. I will not be surprised if there are already multiple undetectable community cases with the new strand but the government just does not know how to convey and address it to the community. Instead of making everyone panic, just casually and slowly enforce tighter restrictions. With headlines Possibility of cheebye not ruled out , it may only be a matter of time till an official second wave hits.
Ngl, it is for Singapore to build their right mindset initiative from the beginning. I got nothing against people who are part of the LGBT community, neither do I have anything against straight people. I just wanna say that many people do rash things and this Ed is to kinda help? I mean I went through it, the infatuation part was useful I suppose. And I did realise that single parents weren't mentioned in the entire thing. This is also kind of why people don't know how to manage as a single parent. They do agree on leaving people when any form of abuse kicks in but man- there isn't any formal structural support for them. Imagine if an accident occurs, they pass away or are in a critical condition, there's not much to do other than insurance coverage. What happens next though?There are organisations but they aren't very well known. My support for anyone struggling through the single parenting process
Ngl, sometimes I do wonder what happened to him. Guess we'll see a video pop up on YouTube someday called I gave the bird on Singapore National TV I am being sarcastic
NGOs, journalists and workers themselves don't have enough power to change much Hold up a smiley face? Jail! Peep at students showering? Bright future!
Nice discovery there From my personal experience, people are sensitive to salesperson or sales assistant or promoter. And sometimes they look down on salespeople. Or sometimes they are just purely frustrated with their personal situations which has nothing to do with you and are just using salesperson to vent their frustration. Speaking from my personal experience, I develop and sell my software SaaS for a living. And I encountered what you mentioned, just that mine is over the phone cold call . Some of my friends who do insurance sales for a living, shared similar stories. Yours is different in the sense that they approached you, while salesperson approach them. Not entirely similar but the experience I feel is similar. Because I had also been a chocolate promoter with FNA Cocotree . I think they look down on salesperson or sales assistant because they think in every way they are better than sales people. I don't know why or what made them think so highly of themselves. They, I mean prospects, treat me better when they know more about me, and especially when they hear more about my credentials and some of the companies that I worked with. Then they treat me with a little more respect. I never let my ego get in my way. I choose to develop and sell my software for a living. Previously, I was doing a technical non- external client facing job like database analyst or software engineer. So I saw how my former colleagues treated salesperson not too bad but can be better . I always try to treat sales person or promoter with more respect since I was once a chocolate promoter and now a software salesperson. Anyway customers are King! Perhaps, swallowing your ego and continue to serve them well with a smile. This is what a Taiwanese waiter I was impressed by his service taught me. The 1 rule in Taiwan and Japan service industry, he said. Unless they get verbally or physically abusive. Your experience will shape you to be more humble in life, and more successful. I trust you will.
Nice of them to announce after Hari Raya I guess. At least celebrations werent be as bad as the previous year
Nice pic! Question to anyone, what is the name of those trees? I think they're all the same in this pic, but specifically the one to the right where the top section kind of flattens out almost horizontal. Been told those are also rain trees like the ones throughout the city, but it doesn't seem like the more urban ones have that flat top Thanks
nice try with the false equivalence argument, take that crap back to your echo chamber
Nice! I shot a similar one at Ubin few weeks ago! Google Lens say its a Golden Orb Weaver.
NICE! same kind of view can be observed when the Train is passing along Lower Seletar Reservoir while leaving or approaching Khatib MRT at sunset.
nice. Ask them how much they earn per hour doing this. Then recommend some lobang saying this promotor earn more.
Nice. Is this a new channel? I have been hooked on and off to tribal people react
Nice. We had an otter in because that snuck into the Dr. Sun Yat Sen garden and ate like 90% of the Koi. We were sad for the Koi but hyped for the otter. Such a delicacy
Nick Leeson is a former derivatives trader who became notorious for bankrupting Barings Bank happen in Singapore
Nightmares of rising GST, stagnating wages and the prospect of never seeing our cpf money ever again.
Nina talk as Singaporean la not ang mo place You go and use this kinda words also your pronountion is never right masuru
NKF is still providing essential dialysis service. After the scandal a lot of governance over how charities may operate tightened.
No 7 hr of sleep is it? Sunday book in 6pm, lights out 7pm. Sure got enough sleep. I am being sarcastic
No accurate measurements here because those vaccinated can do higher risk activities which the non vaccinated are not allowed. As such the exposure to covid is dispositional here. I feel death rate vs infected is the better measurement because it just how a vaccinated patient can fight off the virus.
No because someone will walk up and see the further notice and it tells them to refer to the previous notice in order to obtain the context for the notices' meanings. So you're not stuck in a loop, you're just referring to the original notice to gain the context of why the further notice exists. If they see the original notice first, then the further notice is just a way of indicating that it would be open, and there's no need to refer back because you've already obtained the meaning for the purpose of the further notice
No because tasers might not work. And he's close enough that a second taser shot will be too slow.
No blame culture please, the authorities are doing their best to curb the spread of covid and we must trust the experts that the situation is under control.
No brother. This one gonna reincarnate into a girl who wears a mask and travels with one of the strongest beings in existence.
No budget that's why. Top dogs will never touch their own coffers. If one day really got war wait and see how many will run first hand.
No but just because there aren't infinite gender identities that doesn't mean that there isn't an infinite amount of genders. Gender isn't even something that can be counted.
No changes for workplaces obviously Under the new rules, no more than 50 per cent of employees who are able to work from home should be in the office at any one time, down from 75 per cent at present.
no choice what. Raise issue liao better be prepared to fix it - but how to fix when got so much work already?
No connection yet but people are assuming that the recent community cases are due to the Indians coming here and unknowingly spreading covid. Look at the restaurant manager and his family or the Professor that spread to his colleagues. They were from India and Sinkies like myself are speculating they have some kind of variant that is not detected until after 14 days or more.
No country in this region can take any part of Singapore at all. Our air force is a few times that our neighbors combined. Our neighbors don't have any significant number of vessels to land soldiers and armour. These are just facts. I know that you are pointing out that we are small and our neighbors are big. Just because you have a dick doesn't mean that you will get laid.
No different to UK or Australian Parliament. They all act like school boys after own agenda. Its all about winning for them, and the people are only objects of devotion to be won. This is how politics work. All those guys in the UK come from Eaton School but most of them are so obtuse and short sighted. its infuriating.
No doubt if I already had a kid now I would probably enjoy the rewarding experience of being a proud parent. But I just don't love the idea of a future unborn kid enough to ignore all the practical and financial considerations of raising one in Singapore today.
No doubt racism exist, but to call Singapore a clusterfuck of a country - you're just delusional. It's true we could handle such topics better, and to be honest there is an effort from the government at least to be more inclusive. But to call us a clusterfuck? Are you not hearing how others are getting beaten overseas? If we are a clusterfuck I struggle to think about those in other countries.
No from a normal neighbourhood school you mean it's not everyone that needs to do it?!
No gore or blood visible but there is a single gunshot and the assailant who took the bullet fell to the ground. Video quality is pretty bad cause its zoomed in and taken at night.
No he will retired as prime minister and make himself the senior minister as his father and the highest paid minister in the world and halimah will be the puppet for the ministers as president and if she don't listen the the pm will find another puppet to become the next president of Singapore.
No he's saying 1. The Constitution and statutes enacted are the rules the Court abides by 2. The Court are generally not rule makers and they are extremely hesitant to ignore the rules that are set up by Parliament 3. They are not compelled to challenge what Parliament has to say given that it was substantiated by MPs. They could be compelled to act if there is a miscarriage of justice if a statute incidentally allows it. In this case, there is no wrong that is done, given the presence of AG discretion to never allow a 377A charge to be pleaded before the courts In other words, choose your leaders wisely to set the rules. The courts only follow the rules
No healthcare system in the world is coping well , the only question is how many people we are willing to let die. The west chose to let nature take its course and numbers. I pray we do not go down that path.
No I find it weird. One should look at multiple angle From Singapore perspective 1 Did Singapore ever said no first strike? No, actually Lee Kuan Yew did consider send troops over water issue The full quote If Singapore's foreign policy is prejudicial to Malaysia's interests, we could always bring pressure to bear on them by threatening to turn off the water in Johor, Malaysia's first Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman told the British High Commissioner in Malaya on August 9, 1965. The attitude that water could be used as leverage against Singapore persisted over the decades and at one point, founding Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew said he was prepared to send troops to Malaysia if it tried to cut off the supply. So Malaysia just turn off water without invasion and Singapore wants to start war? Whats the difference between this and Russia? 2 Singapore is NOT a participant to Mine ban treaty and Cluster bomb ban treaty I will say that Singapore and any other countries will call rule of law when it suits them and forget about when it is not. From Russia perspective 1 Is there a Neo-Nazi problem in Ukraine as commented in Reuters? Maybe you should take a look at Azov Battalion and their along with Ukrainian armed forces, and actually the pro-Russia militant groups as well alleged human rights abuses in a UN Human Rights Watch Report Extracted from Pg 39 Another major concern is the ongoing presence of military forces in civilian areas and indiscriminate shelling continue to be the main factors endangering civilians, and affects their ability to access housing, land and property. During the reporting period, OHCHR collected detailed information about the conduct of hostilities by Ukrainian armed forces and the Azov regiment in and around Shyrokyne 31km east of Mariupol , from the summer of 2014 to date. Mass looting of civilian homes was documented, as well as targeting of civilian areas between September 2014 and February 2015. Residents displaced to Mariupol have received little assistance and information about the status of their homes. Unable to return but for short periods of time to examine the damage, IDPs from Shyrokyne exchange video footage and photographs to try to track the condition of their homes. This is something Singapore and the West happily to gross over 2 Why did 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis happened According to Singapore's logic, we cannot allow might is right . Fine, then is Cuba's request for defense from Soviet Union unreasonable? Consider that US have tried to invade Cuba via covert operation that failed recently then And I must always end the question on Singapore stance on Iraq war, 2003 Some of the extract Former Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong and President Tony Tan then Defence Minister issued similar statements asserting the legitimacy of the invasion of Iraq. Earlier this month, on July 6, the Report of the Iraq Inquiry was published by the United Kingdom and it seriously questioned any purported justifications for the invasion. The report unanimously concluded that peaceful options for disarmament had not been exhausted and therefore, military action was not a last resort. Significantly, the report also concluded that t here was no imminent threat from Saddam Hussein . The effects of the illegal invasion of Iraq were devastating, and continue to be so. Between March and April 2003 alone, 6,882 civilian deaths were caused by US-led forces. Even today, Iraq may be viewed as entering a phase that could prove every bit as destabilising perhaps even more so than the war against the Islamic State. Think again, I am sure Singapore is on the wrong side of the history again .
No I think that's not enough. We should make it 2 years of full-time work in the service industry for every 18 year old, male or female. We will also pay them only an allowance that's just enough to pay for transport to and fro their place of work. Every once in a while, we will have the managers shout at them to give them a taste of what real life work is like.
No idea what school they were in but I only had 25 minutes when I was in secondary school.
No it is not because we want to see it , rather because it exists. Just because racism exists today does not mean it always existed or that it must always exist.
no its ok I'm just glad you agree. I was just reading the comment and was wondering why it sounded so familiar. I really dislike it when people talk about children in terms of an investment. I'm just glad my parents never saw me that way and have planned their retirement with no expectations from me despite my mother sacrificing a promising career to look after me when I was younger . I know the kids as an investment is something that the previous generation subscribe to a lot. I just hope the current and future generations don't see kids as a financial investment or a social obligation because I think it can be quite hurtful to a family My grandfather subscribes to this mentality and the family dynamics are rather shocking as a result even now when all his children are grown up . Also happy cake day!
No kidding I saw this guy just down the road on the Sunrise Bridge. Here's a video of another golden orb weaver spider in Pasir Ris Park they get quite big!
No loss ? Congratulations, you didn't waste your time. Other than the first, everything else has been dog.
No man you don't understand, institutions like schools have to be given some time to prepare for the new measures. Announced on 4 May evening and take effect on 8 May. means institutions only have 5, 6, 7 May to prepare. And here I was guessing 10 May next Monday that measures would be implemented instead.
No matter what religion it is, I don't believe in this kind of approaches. Religion should only be preached to someone who shows interest in it. We have so many different places of worship in Singapore. If someone is keen on that religion, they can simply approach those places and the members will surely be willing to guide them.
No matter what, this kind of elitism is uncalled for. Shows the true colors of the party.
No need Ez-link card. covid is less than 7 years old and way shorter than 0.9m, can travel for free . Only need to be accompanied by a fare paying adult. covid isn't a picky child, always like to travel and interact with strangers. There is no shortage of fare paying adults to accompany covid. See. No problem at all.
NO NEWS in Singapore will report about this. That's how silent and censored our media is, esp. with TOC down too. It's funny is still up and running but I guess majority of Singaporeans dont browse reddit anyway
No no no no. The whole point is that you shouldn't be judging and being rude to people like that, not that she was wrong in that particular case. If you engage and tell her that you're actually smart because you go to some school or whatever, then you're validating her behavior. You're saying that it's OK to judge people based on their school or on how smart or stupid you think they are. At best, she'll accept that she was wrong in that case and continue acting like that around everyone else who doesn't go to a nice school. The right way to go about it to is directly call her out on how rude she's being. Don't even bring up the school you go to, or try to prove out smart you are or anything. Just tell her what a horrible person she is for judging people for such shallow reasons. Make it clear that you do not consider this acceptable behavior. If it was me, I might even refuse to provide service until she apologizes for what she said.
No nuclear power has yet been invaded. While those who have surrendered their nuclear programs. In return for security guarantees. Don't look to be doing too well.
No offence. But imho our country maybe too small for that to be effective. Of course, nothing tested, you never know. While we seek for alternatives, it must be sound. I just oppose to change for the sake of change. Again being rational does not mean to vote for current incumbent. I hope our youths are a bit above idealism. Rest. Thanks.
No offense but maybe you should take a real look at our history. There were a lot of people with huge balls that you may not even know about because the powers that be don't want you to know about them.
no one cares after an entire paragraph of you very obviously caring. you cannot hate an entire core aspect of an entire group and still claim you respect them. just say you think we're all mentally ill invalids and go. be honest.
No one is asking them to be trained as a nurse or doctors in 1 year. They could work as nurse or doctor assistants handling the admin side of things which will definitely ease some of the load they are having right now. Anything is better than putting red shirts on able bodied people and having them patrol malls and contributing zero to the society.
No one screamming for help? At least the person might get intimidated by the crowd and help screamming
No one wants an outbreak, government included. No one goes 'ok now looks like a good time to be lax instead of doing the usual'
No one's saying 'more restrictions' here. Maybe you reading too much Facebook comments or something. Slowly releasing measures is still on the cards, and still progressing I know most of you guys don't think the recent loosening is loosening at all, but. it's you guys . Structural problems is good to bring up, but it should be a separate topic that comes as an AAR AFTER action review . What can we do to make sure our HC system don't ever suffer this again? Lots of valid points. But it's a separate thing to push openings right now when we KNOW they are being overwhelmed now.
No point comparing with developing countries. But even if you compare with developed countries, we're actually better off than many. Of course, the advantage with some very large countries is that you can always move to the countryside and enjoy a more chilled pace of life e.g. Canada, Australia, US which is not an option available to us.
No point emailing them when they are the ones actively hiring people to scam people like you. Call the bank directly for a chargeback and better yet call the police on them
No point in my opinion. The ideals and rationale for having kids have all become outdated in our time. Parents usually nag at us saying, oh who is going to take care of you when you are older? Well, I certainly hope that nearing the end of my life I will have enough to take care of myself. Seems like a burden to entrust your problems to the younger generation.
No problem, I don't normally get passionate enough to correct people on these things but what yall did was really inspiring and got me fired up . Thank you and everyone involved for doing what yall did for the cat
NO PROOF CPG WANTED TO STAY CHIEF JUSTICE The Chief Justice said he sympathised with how the newly formed town council did not want to sue CPG to order them to stick with the town council, if CPG wanted to pull out. For goodness' sake - you are running a town council, I don't think you want to start this way, he said. The proof of the pudding is - a year later, when AHTC called a tender, nobody else pitched up. The court had heard during the trial that nobody took up the tender in 2012, when AHTC called for a tender for a managing agent when FMSS' existing contract neared its end. Mr Chan, CPG didn't even give evidence, said Mr Menon. They didn't even come to say they were keen to do this job. In fact, at the 9th of May 2011 meeting, they already intimated they didn't want to carry on. Mr Low is an experienced politician. He obviously went in with a high degree of scepticism that CPG wanted to do the work, and CPG did as he expected. But it's artificial to say they should've gone in expecting that CPG wanted to stay, because they never intimated a desire to stay. They weren't even called as witnesses. So if the incumbent is not going to do the work, who else is going to do the work? And you've got this deadline hanging over you. I couldn't find a single document that suggested that CPG was going to carry on. At this, Mr Chan was silent for some time. He later argued that if the appellants had called for a tender, it would have shined the spotlight on the ownership of FMSS . Yeah but continue with the narrative that WP MPs deliberately rewarding their friends in FMSS. And by the way, this is a civil lawsuit, not a criminal lawsuit. CPIB is not involving in this matter, so stop making it as if the WP were downright corrupt, unlike your People's Action Party counterparts in AMKTC And last i've checked, AHTC runs a net financial surplus despite receiving fuck all in CIPC funding from 2015 to 2020 So going by your rudimentary logic, i can assume that despite being denied access to taxpayer funding meant for public municipal services all these years either points to WP's ability in maintaining strict fiscal discipline or that People's Action Party town councils are absolutely abysmal and incapable of keeping their own finances in check.
No shame in losing to world no. 3! Also loling at the comments on fb saying she china, etc etc. Useless armchair critics.
No surprise that they take pride in the one thing our society values. Think it's about the time that changes.
No there's several. The highest profile was the 15 year old kid who killed Anthony Ler wife in 2002.
No they do not care. They only know how to throw carrots and dangle money in front of sinkie's faces thinking we sinkes are all money faced. But it failed miserably and pathetically. So they choose to import foreigners to fill up the declining population. That has also failed due to the pandemic, as our population has shrunk. They should fix the issue by abolishing NS. Follow the US system. Pay people good money to join as a reg to meet the defence force. Also, stop brainwashing and drilling our kids in schools. Let our children have their childhood like in other developed countries.
no they would have taken the evacuation flight to australia and motivate the forces via zoom
No true local singaporean indian is named kapoor . I bet he also hates singaporean tamils.
No we do tho, we sanction against Russian for not respecting sovereignty. This is a sensitive issue for Singapore, as we can relate our situation to Ukraine as we are the underdogs here.
No wonder civil service care so much about ur academic achievements. After so many years still can't get over which school someone else went to
No wonder staff don't want to go into work to face off with a cunt like that. Perhaps he should look inward.
No worries brother! We saw it coming last week already. Its a matter of time only
No! Kids should not be excused! They should be told that racist behaviour is wrong and that should be reinforced so they never do it again. Saying its just kid being kids and leaving it alone only reinforces that behaviour over time.
No, and I wouldn't blame them. Zelensky is the exception and I respect him for it. I don't really expect any political to have that kind of fire, except for Lee Kuan Yew and maybe Pritam Singh
No, but if you pay taxi fee in the cab with credit card there is a hefty admin fee. There is no admin fee if you pay with credit card through the comfort delgro app.
No, don't even look into their eyes because hard sellers will use eye contact to let their hooks remain on you. Instead, just maintain your pace, walk away and just keep spamming no no no . Basically treat them like dirt and don't even give as fuck. Don't give even an ounce of attention to them. A bit bad uh normally but it's hard sellers we're talking about. These fuckers don't take no as an answer.
No, dont use the button. Someone is literally about to die, but dont use the button
No, he's a pretty decent FM, to be frank. I would have more confidence in him than any of the 4G.
No, it's absolutely whataboutism. Having those two statements in the same sentence implies a link and correlation, hence the equally implied Putin is allowed to do what he did because of what the US and NATO did . If the poster attempts to go no, those are separate matters, I was just presenting them together for comparison , then that's a non-sequitur, like saying Putin is wrong, but those dumplings are pretty good . No point or reason to write it together, immediate GP fail.
no, min age for cap pun is 18 i believe. dunno about your definition of life is ruined, but there's likely a very long prison sentence ahead for him.
No, not really. Germany was literally the last major western power to allow an arms sale to Ukraine, even blocking arms from the Netherlands. Sweden even approved military and medical aid before Germany even bothered raising their military budget. If anything, Russia is trying to recreate the days of the USSR and are looking to invade eastern Europe
No, not really. It's only recently they're taking mental health into consideration because there was another death case recently, related to mental health as well. The students here, myself included, are really beaten up and tired, after these 2 incidents. I'm still trying to find my life energy again.
No, not when it's a race issue. State your price so cheapskates don't waste your time, but that's different. Are you suggesting racism is OK when it's convenient for the seller? Let me put it another way. Some people might not like sitting next to other races on the bus. Right now, such people have to waste time finding a seat where they can sit, away from those people. Perhaps, to save time and make it more convenient, we should have a separate section on the bus, so these people can enjoy their racially segregated journey. Sounds troubling, no?
No, the Chinese aren't racist, Singaporeans aren't racist, Alabamans aren't racist humans are racist. All of us. Being aware of our tribal instincts is the only hope we have in better combating them. Claiming I'm not racist is basically admitting the lack of interest in tackling this tricky part of our nature - it's an admission of guilt in my view. I'm sorry this keeps happening that it's been happening to you. edit grammar
No, the fishmonger cluster shows us where the true vulnerability is. It's easy to scapegoat the karaoke lounge cluster, but we still don't know if fishery port spread to karaoke lounge or vice versa. And no matter which way it happened, once it reached the fishery port, it went to dozens of wet markets, which are essential businesses that would remain open even with cheebye. Wouldn't be surprised if some supermarkets are next.
No, the key is to say no, I'm not interested and keep walking. Eye contact shouldn't be the thing that changes your mind.
No, there is no legal recourse You can report to CEA who I believe is just an oversight body of agents but they can't do jack shit.
No, we don't have one rupee bill, min is 10 But used to be when I was a kid, which is a big thing for us carrying 1 rupee bill around
No, we're fine. Against the Malaysian military budget 1 or 3rd of ours. Even against the Indonesian budget. Just a couple of billions short of ours. Or no, we'll simply surrender as a colony. To either USA or PRC. With military budgets of USD 777.7 and 209 billion respectively. Versus our modest SGD 15 billion. When they seek to control the Malaccan Straits.
No, you raise them so they are equipped with the skills, values and humanity to fight to make things alright!
no- he was already charging with a knife a weapon which can cause death hence the use of firearm. if he was using his fist without martial arts exp then the officer cant use firearm and may use taser as an option. using taser need a good distance for the net to deploy properly and it may not be effective depending on the subject.
No. because there is a teaching. Don't bring up a problem without a solution. Since there are no practical solutions I mean calling for lockdown is not acceptable and 24 hour polyclinics is probably not better since it stretches existing staff in polyclinics , no one brings up any problems during meetings.
No. But assuming Singapore is still invested in this poisoned shrimp policy, I am pretty sure our politicans would have invested in some form of 'mutually assured destruction' deterrence.
No. I firmly believe that as the vaccination numbers go up we can ignore the unvaccinated elderly number a lot more. It's just that now, with the unvaccinated elderly numbers some really cannot vaccinate due to medical reasons not because they read some silly article and the overall numbers, the potential risks is probably higher than what is 'tolerable'. Hence why the super prudence.
No. Unless you mean if we are making a final stand, then my answer is yes. If not, it is no. Firstly, that would be a pure foolish move to make. What if they die in battle? Whose going to direct the war effort? Whose going to be a pillar for the nation? We might have generals and ministers, but having the country's top leaders fighting on the floor would prop our country in the direction for chaos. people will start panicking if they die in battle. They have been around for years, especially Lee Hsien Loong, and people look up to them for leadership and support. Until the final moment, he should be sitting in a war bunker, directing efforts. Afterall, the easiest way to destabilize a country is to take down their leaders first. Though we can always appoint an acting PM, in war times communication will be terrible. How are you going to let 3mil Singaporean's, know that a new leader has been appointed? Secondly, look at how old they are . We are not at that stage whereby we have so few soldiers that we need our 70 yr PM and our senior President to take up arms. But I will always agree that in times of war, if it comes to the last moment whereby we are making our last stand, the leader's should fight and die with us at the very moment.
Nobody claims that other than antivaxxers trying to downplay the situation. Most people are educated enough to read and understand the severity of the virus, but have to make the choice to oppose restrictions anyways as they are too poor to survive if they're in a restriction-affected sectors like f&b, tourism and physical services.
Nobody forces sexuality? Honestly start talking to me once you come out of that rock of yours. So many people are oppressed and literally tortured in conversion therapy and even raped just to make them straight. There are so many stories. And children DO NOT need to be made to know that nuclear heterosexual families are the norm and standard. Because its not and its so wrong on so many levels. Honestly your whole thread has been full of absolute clownery. Your mentality belongs and should stay in the 60s.
nobody gave a damn about the syrians, iraqis, palestines, is it because they have blonde hair and blue eyes?
Nobody in Singapore talks about climate change, ever. people just keep happily popping out kids. It's such an under-discussed topic. Like fucking come on, Singapore, an equatorial country that's already SO FUCKING hot and humid. And it's going to be EVEN WORSE down the line in a few decades. This should be HUGE thing to make people not want to bring a soul into this world. most of singapore gonna bye bye liao Is this your hunch? How bad do you think Singapore will be affected and it what ways?
nobody is talking about stopping CITIZENs from coming back. are these imported cases mainly singaporeans? i dun think so. So where is the breakdown? Why do we have so many imported cases even though they took pre departure swabs?
Nobody mention the IKEA across the Anchorpoint Mall? The food court is quite unexceptional although if you walk 5 minutes, you can get to ABC Market and get lots of quality food. Stayed there for a year and its really good place, but I just wished the place got MRT station.
Nobody talking about how this will be a big pain to enforce? I hope malls have a better way to check vaccination status than to see your TT homepage or try scan your token one by one with the mall's safe entry app. Every coffeeshop and hawker centre will also need more manpower and more of those ugly stickers to check vaccination status. And the sticker means nothing anyway since anyone can just pick up a random one discarded on the wall or railing.
nobody with any ounce of authority is trying to normalize schizophrenia also, the best treatment to gender dysphoria is. transition.
Non Singaporean here. Is HwaChong 3? Or is it not brought up in discussion, because it's too Chinese vs Singaporean ?
Non voters and probably Ong Ye Kung wrote letter to them so fuck you what's the point of this question
non-enforcement was just a matter of intention. I don't think it's a matter of intention, but more about the ability to gather evidence. Excluding the part about doing the act in public no matter what your pronoun is, all indecent acts are punishable with different laws , how do you get any evidence for the crime?
None of the other 4 powers will agree to this. We can say all we want about the veto but fact is all other 4 powers benefitted greatly from that too. They will not surrender that power.
None of the prices make sense anymore, regardless of whether you are buying or renting private or HDB. It's all gone to shit.
Noone is forcing the insulter to like OP's dance please re-read his post. His dance was called out as weird out of the blue here.
Nope shyness isn't a flaw, I was referring to me being absolutely spineless when I said I need to overcome it. Regardless the world is skewed to benefit extroverts more any shy person would agree, it's not easy being shy so if I do manage to overcome my shyness it will be better for me. Definitely not wrong to be shy nevertheless!
nope, my own. just came up with it. was fairly easy to more or less match the number of syllables in our pledge.
Nope, there was a 15yo kid that was involved in the infamous Anthony Ler case. Paid the teen 100k to kill his wife. if I remember correctly the teenager is now on parole 2018 or something after 17yrs in prison.
Nope. It's not their role. The POTUS is the commander in chief for the entire US military. Our president just. presides? Lee Hsien Loong is a BG, but I don't think his position in the chain of command is just at brigade level.
Nope. That is not the definition of satire. Satire is the use of humour, irony, exaggeration, or ridicule to expose and criticize people's stupidity or vices, particularly in the context of contemporary politics and other topical issues. the crude satire seems to be directed at the fashionable protest singers of the time which CDG did not employ features of. What CDG did was competitive advertising. It would have made more sense if your flair was around keywords like Timely or Topical . Now, if CDG painted an absurd unimaginable world in which drivers are perennially getting gouged by platforms like Grab to the point of having to literally sacrifice their firstborns for the privilege of driving for them, that would have been satirical. Read Jonathan Swift's Tale of the Tub for a better idea of how satires are constructed and how they're different from parodies.
Nope. The Queen or RP most certainly does not call it flahhh, and certainly not with the flat intonation.
Nope.it's says see previous notice not see notice . We need to scroll the camera over to the left to see previous notice
Normally, yes. But even China wouldn't go near Russia with a 10-foot pole, and they're usually the country we have to balance against. This war has made siding against Russia the absolute best gimme no-brainer low hanging fruit in geopolitics in a long long time, literally the only countries we risked angering were Russia themselves and maybe Belarus.
Not a bad response. Of note Norway's sovereign wealth fund will divest its Russian assets. We should quickly do the same if we have Russian assets in our fund. Should also consider freezing all Russian assets in Singapore.
Not a fallacy. Never denied that Singapore has nothing to improve. Never said that we should call it a day because there are worse countries. Just saying people should start appreciating what they have. And if making these complaints, propose an alternative or solution. Additionally, the fact that some people are continuously complaining about systematic or structural issues beyond anyone's control intended by the government to make their life suck is nothing more than a myth.
Not a fan, but he's someone who's always willing to try out new stuff, like combining horror and comedy at one point. Who does that? Are there any other Singaporean movie directors we can name off hand?
Not a lot of money is better than the nothing they are getting now. I don't think anyone is in the mood to celebrate National Day, plus the fact that it makes no sense to have a large scale event when the government is encouraging the opposite for its citizens. They can give the goody bags to the foreign workers, who have been sitting in limbo for a lot longer than us citizens.
Not a WP supporter in fact policy wise currently a People's Action Party supporter I would say but congratulations guys! A strong opposition will encourage better behaviour from the People's Action Party given their string of misbehaviours thus far this can only make Singapore stronger as a nation!
Not all heroes wear cape, stay strong pal! And please take good care of your health.
not all schools. It's usually 30 mins in majority of the schools. Some is 45 mins. My school had 30mins for donkey years and it then changed it to 45 mins. 10 years later, the school is no more
not allowing cooking is a good thing. minimises possible pollution or allergen issues and avoids possible timely cleanup conversations.
not an expert here, but I would not think too much about it. it's just a title and a mark of respect to the position and institution. It's not specific to Singapore, many commonwealth countries including US use such titles in writing or when speaking in the legislative assembly. In other words, just as you would address a physician as doctor , judge as justice elected officials are addressed Honorable , Sir etc. I don't know the specifics though.
Not as much as Xinnie the Poop. Fuck both to be honest while we all know of Xi's exploits, Modi is no saint either. He gambled the lives of many Indians during his maskless rallies as cases were soaring, and also did nothing to halt maskless religious mass gatherings like Kumbh Mela. Fuck em both.
not being able to get vaccinated every person has different conditions tho. Some is unable to take cause of allergies like me, some is purposely dowan take one. So yeah.
not big brother . This is civil servant mentality. Emergency is not defined so naturally adopt the most narrow meaning to cover backside.
Not buying sufficient medical insurance coverage when they were younger. The longer you wait to start, the more expensive it will be. Regarding this point. There are people with bad starts that needs all the dollars they can get. Some of them literally cannot afford to pay for insurance. Just wanted to highlight, not saying you're wrong.
Not cautious. Prudent. Don't even trust their covid vaccination and test records, as there has been ample evidence that those can be easily bought.
Not cool, Given the age when he did sth this silly on national TV, let it go. Why dig this up and highlight this incident again? I don't know him personally, but if you, or someone close to you do sth this silly at the age of 10 or 11 years old, you would not want some random stranger to bring this up again for discussion years later. Shame adults or teens all you want, but cut a 10 year old boy some slack. We have all done stupid things at that age and it doesn't have to leave behind such an indelible mark.
Not differentiating between vax statuses, just why. Those who bothered has had enough time to register. government can't wish for higher vax rates when there's no carrot and the stick hits everyone equally.
Not easy to insult so many at one go. Heng Swee Keat, Chan Chun Sing, Ong Ye Kung, K Shanmugam and Desmond Lee all from RI. Not forgetting Lee Kuan Yew, GCT and even our first President, Yusof Ishak.
Not election season, nobody is gonna take accountability. If it's election season, the tears will come out, the apologies will flow freely.
Not enough natural food for the otters. There's not many of them otters left because of our rapid urbanisation of the country, and their food is growing scarce, so they resort to finding food in other ways like this because of us.
Not even a fan of watching sports in general but YMY's games caught my attention. Her fighting spirit really shined this Olympics
Not everyone gets that safety and stability, unfortunately, which is also why those are the people most likely to protest they have nothing to lose.
Not excusing the intergroup empathy bias . But it's an universal human traits. Every country exhibits them. While it's good to call Singaporeans out on this, you should also recognise that all of us, including you, are guilty of it. As our brains have only limited capacity for empathy and sympathy, we are selective on how we react to situations with similar context but differ in closeness to our individual traits. Empathy overloads will make us unable to function in this world when news on all parts of the world are shared instantly. Also importantly, times are changing. If USA pulls the same stunt today, I believe the world will react very differently. At least, that's what I hope.
Not flag day. They give you like a booklet for like a month or something then you have to ask your relatives whatever to donate I dunno why they made a kid do that now that I think about it
Not going to affect me much, because I don't even have 5 friends to go out with.
Not gone home for 4 days to see his family ? Fake post - There is a special teams for suspect cases. The rest are on normal rotation. There is also food provided and canteens available on premises. And there has been relatively little such cases spread over many days. The Army plus our NS SCDF crew are also helping. Karmawhoring posts with sympathetic themes are now emerging in other media as well.
Not gonna lie, I looked around for a minute or two for the middle finger, then I realise I was looking for the wrong finger.
Not great! But Grievous Grievous bodily harm often abbreviated to grievous bodily harm is a term used in English criminal law to describe the severest forms of battery
Not just Chinese families, man. Indian and Malay families can run the costs up as well. It's a wedding industry problem coupled with the face problem. Thank god my wife put her foot down and we kept our total wedding costs under 5k.
not just due to work, in order to at least have some rest time, I will gladly Sacrifice my sleep. If I can't reduce work hours, I will just sleep lesser to play longer
Not just Russia, UNSC as a whole is just a circus and useless. If just one superpower vetos? well gg no need to think about doing anything alr
Not just that. We have less energy and time to make life difficult for the People's Action Party, such as doing grassroots work for the oppo. The People's Action Party doesn't need to worry about that at all because they have the PA for that.
Not just tik tok. Facebook and WhatsApp misinfo is rampant. Whatever happened to the generation of don't trust what you read online .
Not just US style Christianity, actual US Christianity. Lots of them get invited as speakers at churches, and conservative right-wing US sources are frequently reblogged and shared in local Christian social media circles.
Not just yet, this stage is I can't believe it's not circuit breaker. Sure smells and tastes like it, but it's not
Not like any of USA's leaders were at the front line of the various wars they waged. Putin's life is just gonna go on as per normal while Zelensky has to fight to defend Ukraine. That's how things are when you have a conflict with a country far more powerful than you are. It's just a Tuesday for Putin.
Not likely to be wearing masks, lots of sweat or bodily liquids flying around an enclosed area. Probably the same kinda reasons why karaoke is still disallowed till now.
Not many are lucky enough to be able to say so especially here in Singapore! Congrats and keep drawing! Your works are amazing!
Not massive, but I remembered our defence minister wrote something negative about the 2014 Russian invasion, and the Russian embassy here in Singapore attacked him on twitter. They deleted it but when i saw it I was like waaa this Russian government really
not much people talk about how Aljunied GRC gap increased by a lot. 2015 was 1.9% gap between the 2 parties, 2020 is 19.9% gap. Increase of 18% .
Not necessarily a bad thing. -Koh '2 Car' Poon -36.23? Why not -100? Apparently still NOT hungry enough. -Delame Lim
Not necessarily weekends. I participated when I was in secondary school, all the rehearsals were during school days. I loved it because I got to skip class.
not only india, also its neighbours nepal, sri lanka. ! yes because of the no. of cases there and not because of race.
Not op but i think op was tryna state how the humans were obsessed with technology and big screens as seen
Not OP, but stereotypically guys are thought to be messier and unable or don't want to clean up after ourselves.
Not racist because I ate biryani is fucking gold. Damn, that's how some people justify themselves? Don't bother replying them, you can't fight stupid.
Not racist though, they just don't care about them enough. Don't know why racism is thrown around so frequently these days.
Not really . They can withdraw like what they did to Afghanistan. More importantly, we need to prove valuable to USA as a strategic partner.
Not really a problem unique to Singapore, but perhaps all developed countries birth rates are expected to drop in the near future globally, with the exception of perhaps South Asia and Africa . Ultimately, it really depends on your own personal values as to how you want to live your life? Rather than the location you are in . Some people seem to have satisfaction in their lives if they were to have kids. Others may perhaps find comfort with just a partner or even remain single .
Not really a scandal, but it's funny how all sorts of hotels, hospitals, malls etc. are named after Stamford Raffles, but have nothing to do with Raffles himself and are owned by some random Singaporean companies.
Not really a very useful method in Singapore.they have to probably write many reports over the use of just one bullet.so the person is unlikely to die. And the police officers are most likely trained to shoot at non vital body parts.
Not really, you'd be suprised at how often you see cops pop off because they feel threatened when there is no gun present.
Not really. covid spreads via aerosol. So those gels probably have limited effectiveness with regards to covid specifically
Not really. For example, if a religion is obsessed about sexism, it is very likely a person indoctrinated from young is going to be sexist and think it is morally acceptable for being so. What could have been a good person has been brainwashed. On the other hand, without a religion or raised in a rather liberal religious household, there is no such dogma that you're forced to follow. What shapes the character of the person will be on himself and his life experiences.
Not really. In the 20th century, as development wiped out much of the wetlands and mangroves, our Smooth-coated Otters became really rare, and possibly even became locally extinct. They started reappearing in the 1990s, at first in mangroves along our northern coastlines, before eventually spreading to many of our reservoirs and waterways. So we're actually seeing a population that's recovering, and even becoming established in areas that we'd assumed they wouldn't use. As for their prey, our otters feed mostly on all sorts of fishes. In urban areas, these are typically non-native cichlids, which can be very fecund and thrive in heavily modified environments, even in drains and canals. There's currently nothing to suggest that there aren't enough fish. It's more likely that a family of otters were exploring their territory and found a ridiculously easy target.
Not saying it isn't mild. But it's also a fact that sheer numbers of infections is still going to end up flooding our healthcare system. My point is saying that it is mild doesn't do anything. What else? Telling the people not to panic? Government has already set protocols to encourage people to stay home and heal if symptoms aren't harsh. There's really nothing much to do now except to tide over this wave and hope these healthcare workers come out with their sanity intact. So how can we actually help them? How about not advocating for full openings right now and spike the infection numbers even higher?
Not saying outright if the story is true or false. We cannot be gullible and believe everything, same thing we can't be skeptics about everything either. exactly, hence why I am skeptical of this post. It becomes harder to believe especially when it's a hearsay third person kinda thing. The post just seems to be pandering for likes than actually spreading awareness You can also see the other comments made by some who point out operational inaccuracies in the post, people who were or are emergency personnel.
Not saying that i've experienced it, but sometimes the grass isn't always greener on the other side. In the end, it narrows down to financial ability.
Not sleeping equals doing work! Doing work means a better economy! More manhours not spent sleeping means productivity! Muahahahahh
Not so much the teachers, more of the upper management, particularly the DM and Principal. Still can hear Mrs Look saying this is not a brothel for the guys' pickings, warning girls that guys will abandon them at rhe earliest inconvenience and to tell teachers to report any relationships which they never did as long as the couple was discreet enough . I get why they did it but way to encourage healthy relationship building
Not sure about the balestier part but this is on river valley road a short walk from the Mhd Sultan - River Valley junction!
Not sure about your serious discussion tag. Is the question whether the leaders will stay behind with their country that is under attacked? The accompanying picture suggests an expectation for them to take up arms.which I would question the point of? Like many said their role is to lead and maintain morale not try to inflict damage to the opoosing force at their age
Not sure if it works, but call the bank and report it as a fraudulent transaction and request for a new card.
Not sure if it's compulsory for all Malay to be Muslims but non-Muslims are not required to convert when getting married to a Muslim.
not sure if sarcastic, but for those who haven't read OP's replies down below Gritted my teeth, agreed to visit my parents weekly and allow my parents to continue abusing me from afar . Got the police and MSF involved, and eventually, pressured them into paying since I was so young.
Not sure if they still have them because I ate there a long while ago, but their pickled fish is also really good. Off topic a bit, but when you mentioned pickled fish, I have a sudden craving for the Dutch version Hollandse Nieuwe Haring . Outside of Netherlands and one city in Germany , I haven't been able to find it anywhere else.
Not sure if we're talking bout the same thing. If day 1 we have 1 or 5 boosted dying, day 2 with have 1 or 10, days 3 we have 100 or 200, what is the fatality rate from day 1 to day 3? There are multiple ways to aggregate the data from all 3 days, each can lead to quite different results.
Not sure if you're aware of what's going on in the Supreme Court now, but now that there are more Republican appointed judges than Democratic ones, you're getting shit like making abortion illegal again, cutting down voting rights of black people, killing the EPA etc. All because Trump managed to appoint 3 Justices, and the Republicans managed to block Obama's appointments. If you're in the gay camp, it should be very clear that the pendulum is going to swing HARD, and this is essentially unrectifiable until the Trump appointees die. Which is going to be 30+ years in the future because he had the good sense to appoint young people. Is that what you want? The courts are just another political arena? It's a complete shitshow, and for all the talk about the Singapore courts being in the pocket of the government, at least it's not as literal as it is in the US.
Not sure if you're being serious or not but the hell do you want us to do? Start a petition to stop his parents from spanking him upside down? Raise funds for him on kickstarter or something and donate it to his parents so they'll go easy on him? I personally think this kid is funny. He definitely has balls but freedom of speech, or in this case, freedom of action, doesn't mean freedom from consequence. Do I believe in rotan-ing children? Not at all. I feel bad for him as well but whatever happens to him now is beyond our control. It's between him and his parents now. No, probably just because the camera man was irritating him pointing it at his face. And why the fuck not. So it's justified for him to do so? I think it's fuckin gnarly for him to do so but try flipping off a random guy in public simply because you feel irritated that he's looking at you funny. What do you think would happen to you?
Not sure if you're open to have a Convo from your reply, but would like to reiterate that there's a difference between being pro-vaccine and being supportive on mandates that force people to get vaccinated. My belief is that there should be a balance between personal freedom and benefit to society, and currently it seems quite lopsided towards that one side.
not sure if you're Singaporean. but we have various government welfare schemes, catering to one-off medical claims to chronic illness. besides those, it's also very common for us to buy health insurance from private companies.
Not sure what was going on in this guy's mind to attack a guy like that. Straight up killer should be given the death penalty.
Not sure what's up with the naming calling, maybe your having a bad reaction from your second shot.
Not sure whether to applaud putin for making the whole of EU and other democratic countries coming together or mock him as an idiot for making the world his enemy. I guess that's one way to unite the world against you.
Not sure which multiverse you come from but last I check, our Prime Minister is still Mr Lee HL. The person with the highest power to make any decision.
Not sure why you were downvoted. You are very right. A VAT is one of the most first world concepts where the rich can't escape taxes.
Not sure why you're getting downvoted but I agree that going to the extent of comparing misgendering Someone by not using their proper pronouns to actual torture is ridiculous
Not surprised as some minister never hear any migrant workers complain when they were imprisoned in their dorms.
Not surprised to be honest. It's been evident for a long time, and getting worse .
Not surprising they'd say its coping well. Have they really ever walked the ground to understand the situation from those involved directly? As the post mentioned, if its coping well, you don't need urgent calls out for volunteers and what not. edit typo error
Not that anyone of us can take it with us where we are going . What's wrong with leaving it for the society afterwards Perhaps world may be better place instead of everyone hoarding cash like they can bring to afterlife
Not that difficult tho. All your ez link is registered. Just see when and where this guy tap out
Not that it's a good policy now but they did say stand-alone supermarkets are exempted from this vaxx-only rule so if you are shopping at those, you should still be able to do your runs.
not the country's fault if the individual bases his entire life experience on the numbers in his bank or cpf account
Not the same outlet but you can also see Sanders Senpai at the kallang KFC branch.
Not the same thing. India is dominated by hinduism and other dharmic religions which do not oppose homosexuality. Singapore's main religious groups are Abrahamic which prohibit homosexuality.
Not this shit again, tenants who are Renting out their apartment should be free to choose whoever gets to stay. The tenant can say no males allowed and Idgaf either
Not to be that guy, but have you ever dealt with Chinese tourists? I live in Japan and I haven't seen or met a respectful one. Just my experience.
Not to disregard the cynical realpolitik of our joining the Coalition of the Willing but a war of regime change is different from a war of territorial acquisition. An analogy would be if the US invaded Iraq with the casus belli of partitioning off an independent Kurdistan. It's quite telling that the US made no threats to the territorial integrity of either Iraq or Afghanistan. Regime change is not the same as a threat to national integrity- the former is at least sort of within the rules of the Westphalian System we all theoretically play by, the latter is not. The only major war of territorial change post World War Two I can think of is the 1971 Indo-Pakistani War or Bangladeshi War of Independence which was in any case intervention in an ongoing conflict in a nation that was relatively new and had no geographical logic.
Not to diss those that are infected and their love ones, but the death rate is like 2-4% depending on region at about 4% in hubei if I remember correctly so if you look at it positively, there is a 96-98% chance of recovering. Am I right with this short analysis? Or course this might be oversimplifying matters.
Not to forget Ong Ye Kung put up a stellar performance. Anyone who goes up against him tomorrow will need to minimally match that.
not to mention how we're using GMT+8 even though our position is like in the 'earlier' half of GMT+7. this makes our sunrise at 7am rather than the usual 630 in most of the world. it definitely contributes to how painfully difficult it is to get up in the morning.
Not to mention that 4.5k data never shows what's the standard deviation. I think 4.5k is always an overly optimistic number
Not totalitarian. yet. Fascist with strong collusion between government and corporations. I got pretty hammered for stating this in another thread.
Not true,I rescued my buddy after he was tied to a tree by a drunk who lost his house in 2008, somehow slipped off the collar and lived in a creek for a few months. Observing his behavior he learned to stay still in bushes and catch lizards while hiding from hawks coyotes bob cats and mountain lions
Not true. Being discriminated against, when there are anti-discrimination laws, means you have legal recourse. You can sue and get a lot of money if you are discriminated against. I am not saying that there's no de facto discrimination, but it helps a lot to have real laws on the books against it.
Not true. The AG would have to give adequate public notice and only acts committed after that notice would be caught. See 120 of the judgment and also the paras leading up to 154 . The AG could not announce a change and then prosecute acts that had already occurred.
Not trying to dodge the argument being made here but if anyone could propose an alternative or solution, then any uncle auntie on the street can replace our government.It is the educated people who form the government who are responsible to know the problems and try to minimise them, not tell people to 'leave if you don't like' not saying you said this, but a certain MP made such a statement before . Most people who are complaining are normal folks experiencing the negatives of the system they are born into, it doesn't mean that they aren't appreciating what they have. They can be more vocal about the negatives. Is it wrong to be voicing out problems, somehow suddenly they aren't being appreciative of other things ?
Not typically a fan of opposition, but WP sengkang team really show they are credible oppositions that I don't mind being in our Parliament to challenge and debate any People's Action Party policies.
Not unexpected. The anti-foreigner sentiment has been around since the mid-2000s, but I'd wager the average redditor mostly under 25 here doesn't remember when calls for kicking out Indians from the country happens every year, before covid was a thing. In this instance, Gilbert Goh is using valid covid concerns as a vehicle for his long-standing nativism. He's free to air his nationalist opinions and he has significant support for it, more power to him , but I do find his use of just being cautious as insincere. Been following this guy for years, and I know that covid protection is not his prime concern.
Not victim blaming but if I was the victim, I would have insisted on calling an ambulance and probably even getting admitted to a hospital even if it's just for a couple of hours considering this was a pretty serious fight. Not just for health but if the guy caused one of my lungs to collapse or if I had any severe bruising or broken bones or internal bleeding, it looks bad in court if I walked away first as in this can help defense. Saying this because I got into a similar incident except it wasn't a fight but a car accident.
Not with me too. We are a nation of cowards. No one even dares speak ill of the People's Action Party, much less of any future overlords looking to take over us.
Not wrong but if you look closely right at the begining , one of the officers on the right already deployed firearms and since the subj was a distance away when apporaching the officers initially, why didn't one of them think to deploy taser? But i guess given such a high stress scenerio can't really fault them.
Not yet Phase 1. Events still can 50 people without pre-event testing. And schools are still allowed to operate at full capacity.
Note to Self before using this resignation template for Monday it's definitely more than $17million already . Remember to edit before sending out
Note wouldn't the ambulances be needed for use on his off shift so he couldn't sleep in it?
nothing contradictory. the people going to hospital aren't sick. they're just scared when they test positive.
Nothing from CNA for the past hour, but I think ST's reporting is quite conclusive. Death or not, the other details alleged axe and all seem much more macabre in comparison
Nothing is perfect, Singapore has most restrictive covid measures in the world after China and more cases than fully open countries. That's because the measures don't work.
Nothing too blatant, like hauling them off in the middle of the night. Singapore is only a small country after all and you can't really 'disappear' people here without others sounding the alarm. There have been some rather dubious actions in the past see Operation Spectrum that I will not comment on the legitimacy of, but suffice to say we live in a very different sociopolitical climate now where such actions will not pass, and may very well backfire on the incumbent. The usual mudslinging and character assassinations in mainstream media will probably intensify, but the voting population is no longer as pliant and these moves will probably not produce the same effect they used to.
Nothing unites a country quicker and better than a 3rd party causing trouble. Look at Zelenskyy. He went from an extremely unpopular leader to becoming a national hero within a day.
Nothing wrong with a former MP trying to win back their former constituency, and I think it's actually great optics. I think anyone from the 2011 team continuing to contest Aljunied in 2015 could have flipped it over to the People's Action Party. Their joke 'suicide squad' with all-new faces and only 1 former MP still managed to get 49% against an unchanged incumbent lineup.
nothing wrong with preaching, just like how its not wrong for those insurance agents or what to approach you at the MRT but when you tell them you're not interested, they should immediately respect you and fuck off, not persist or even rebuke you
Nothing. I have issues with the government having issues with homosexual and or or LGBTQIA+ families and calling it unhealthy, and them specifically talking about nuclear families as if they aren't accepting other types.
notice how his 2 other colleagues are also much older. They're the ones more scared about covid
Notice how we can change one or two words, and suddenly it's not alright anymore? Oh, really? Let me try. Man, that girl is sexy. I would love to get into her pants. Man, my mum is sexy. I would love to get into her pants. Gee, you're right.
Now are you prepared to pay at least 2x for the cost of your HDB? A 750k 3 room flat for 1.5million? Happy? Another dumb one. It has already been explained that labour cost probably only takes up like 5% of cost of your HDB. So even if we increase labour cost by 5x, your $750k HDB flat will only cost $937500. To compensate for this, just ask the government to reduce land pricing by $200k, we all get cheaper BTOs.
now even those that were going for 2pax have to redo whatever signs or postings they were aggressively showing last few days. Really cannot.
Now he is one step closer to becoming a ligma! So proud of the young man
Now I understand where he got his populist charisma and slogans. Now I really believe the president would have taken f22 to crash at the Independence Day alien mothership
Now I'm beginning to wonder if the back of all our notes bear some significance to Yusof Ishak's life. Did he propose to his wife at the location of tembusu tree? Was Football his favourite recreational sport?
Now it just takes for Jamus to learn how to sing Even aunties need to change panties already. Fuck panties, don't wear better!
Now replace it with No Chinese and watch all of Singapore lose their goddamn minds over the unfair racism. Just because the ethnic majority all seem to think it's fine doesn't make it less racist
Now replace it with No Chinese and watch all of Singapore lose their goddamn minds over the unfair racism. PRCs are Chinese. There are No PRCs . No minds have been lost. Your point?
Now the prata flip already you can't even eat there while it's fresh. Enjoy your soggy prata.
Now they lobby in a much more subtle way by setting up their own groups to provide family work that's aligned with the government. Pretty sure that was happening even then and even earlier. See this External sexuality education vendors were last in the spotlight in 2014, when a Hwa Chong Institution student wrote a letter to her principal to criticise a Focus on the Family FOTF Singapore programme for being sexist and for perpetuating gender stereotypes. and this I remember reading this on local news but can't seem to find any now. Regarding contraception, the programme workshop was cited as saying, The sterilised sexual act is not much different in its meaning from an act of mutual masturbation whereby the couple seeks to use each other to derive sexual pleasure. , this may go too far even for the government.
Now u gotta find the rest of the 99 to trade in for infinite 200 bucks Lets see who gets it
now we know why they're so against live-streaming parliamentary sittings. probably so used to saying these things without consequences or backlash that it just came out so naturally.
Now wedding capped at 50 too. If more than 50 all must get tested 24 hrs before event.
Nowadays I wear earphones and pretend I don't hear them and just walk past them shaking my head no slightly I'm so sorry you had to go through such an experience
Nowadays this behaviour even the children have. The only reason why my cohort the first in cohort get 1st in cohort for 4 years straight in secondary school because he Exempted From Chinese , even tho he's a pure blooded Chinese and no, he doesn't have a mental disability that affects school , still got the bloody cheek to brag about his marks. Kau, at least be fucking humble about it and don't be such a dick about it. No wonder why Chinese is dying among the generation. You tell me liddat how to get first, and typical parents still never give a shit about that.
NParks misappropriation of funds in 2012. They struck a deal with a bike company to buy 26 Brompton bikes at 57.2k sgd.
NS has the worst of both worlds. It is one of the longest in the world yet we are very undertrained. Most of the time in NS is not any kind of combat training. Its not even preparing for combat training. Its preparing for NDP, manning the ops room, standing by for activation, playing football. Of the 24 months I think just maybe 6 is actual combat related prep and training. The amount of time spent on combat exercises is probably just one month. I'm not sure if it is a trend but combat training has gotten shorter and shorter while non-combat activities have gotten longer. In SCS we were supposed to fire a sub caliber MATADOR each. Then we were told because of shortages it would be each platoon would fire one MATADOR. Then each company observing someone else fire the MATADOR. Then the whole thing got cancelled. And even before covid we were spending a lot of time throwing away old trash, subbing drivers or VCs or armskote personnel for some big rank in his annual training, organising IPPT for staff regulars from MINDEF, helping prep the bunks for incoming coys etc. The laser sets were terrible as well. You were far more likely to be killed by the vibration of the tonner setting off your own gun then by OPFOR. The commanders were running around trying to turn off the sets with the master laser gun.
nuclear family is best They pretend to be traditional and conservative while throwing the entire traditional kinship and Chinese guanxi systems into the trash. Good study of anthropology is worth several times whatever education about values that the public education system gives.
NUH is known to be the worst hospital you can go to in Singapore. You enjoy slightly cheaper rates but you are treated like dirt too. Not to mention, they have the oldest and ugliest wards around. It's simply appalling how our students in the elite are so devoid of emotional intelligence. God bless their patients.
Numerous explosions occur behind her, the smoke culminating in the shape of a crescent moon and five stars. Close up on her face, riddled with steely determination. She looks into the camera, squints and utters a single word. Majulah.
Numerous parliamentarians spoke up in favour of retaining Section 377A, often on the ground of safeguarding societal morality and with the recognition that a sizable segment of our society regards homosexual behaviour as unacceptable, said Chief Justice Menon. May we know who those parliamentarians are?
NUS pool? Thought this is the MBS infinity pool. Suntec's not going to give you this angle.
Obviously you do your shenanigans before starting the video. What your boss gonna do? Send you a couriered ART test and ask you to break the seal on the video?
Obviously you like many of the major race seek do defend your behaviour this is why racism will not disappear any time soon
of being perceived as racist. Just look at Tan Wu Meng's minorities should stfu and be grateful post last year. edit The People's Action Party has openly come out against 'woke' culture, 'identity politics', and a bunch of other things SJWs are accused of doing. Yet when the People's Action Party does something wrong, it's not their fault, but the SJWs' fault. Come on brother.Just like earlier on in the epidemic when many victims were foreign workers due to the incompetence of our government and the dorm owners, but it was blamed on the foreign works themselves and their culture, you know the old People's Action Party are the SJWs themselves, ironically how they pretend to go against identity politics and are doing the same now
Of course he said he was fine. 24 year old getting his ass whupped by a 40 year old. He's gonna piss blood in private and escape the jokes.
Of course I'm still young haven't experienced the tough world yet and my perception might and definitely would change once I experience the real, real life. Hence why your perception of the People's Action Party is kind of deluded. Voting doesn't just mean facilities and scenery, it also involves heavier topics such as government policies and their plans moving forward. If given a blank cheque, the ruling party can and will do whatever they want which is what is happening currently and Jamus wants to be that voice who questions before they implement anything. Hope you understand that this isn't about Dr Lam vs Jamus, it's the future of Singapore going forward that's at stake. Dr Lam can still contribute no matter if he is given an ncmp role, or even not at all. And we do need an economist such as Jamus who can curb the rising prices in all areas in Singapore as well.
Of course it's still very strict, show me one other country that's more strict other than China. You're making a mistake thinking that these measures are in any way correlated to healthcare worker welfare - they are not.
Of course this was going to happen. All it needed was one person to slip through the cracks and the authorities would be scrambling to chase its tail. Just one guy can press the reset button on all the work we've done since Jan 2020. Mostly annoyed because everyone saw this coming with how we were constantly importing cases, even through the period when we had zero community cases for months. I don't claim to have perfect information, but I just cannot understand why we couldn't block travel for a while. In the end, for whatever pros of letting them in, it is us locals who bear the cost and suffering. Really man, vomit blood sometimes. Why we gotta be so reactive to shit we commonfolk can see coming from a mile away. Can die sia.
of course we're neighbors and old ASEAN. Indonesian flight brought along pinoys to evacuate from Afghanistan last year. They the Philippines would have done the same too. Old ASEAN I feel the bond is strong among ID MY Singapore PH BR TH. Not sure about the rest.
Of course you don't think there are much racism . You're probably Chinese. Are you also blaming other people coming in Singapore for the discord?
of course, I should have known that by the angle. So going by the angle, is it that NUS pool at Suntec?
Of course, just take a look at the domestic helper situation. Disgusting people everywhere who think they are a class above the helpers, thinking that they own them.
Of course, knowing the fare and not getting rejected in the street are some of the benefits, but it doesn't mean the experience is getting better. Couple of times my Grab ride was rejected after waiting for 5-10 minutes for the driver, so the rejection scenario has morphed into another form per say In early days of Grab it was great, but once they started to tweak the pricing engine to juice out the customers I lost interest in them. They failed miserably in keeping the balance between the price and customer satisfaction during the peek hours. Their pricing engine is too sensitive, and sometimes out of the world. Think about a $10 ride being quoted to you for $30, will you accept it? In early days I knew that the ride to my office would be $12-$15 in the morning, nothing more nothing less. And the best part was the driver took home a big chunk of that fare.
Of course, the advantage with some very large countries is that you can always move to the countryside and enjoy a more chilled pace of life e.g. Canada, Australia, US which is not an option available to us. And you also reduce your cost of living easily to one quarter the amount when moving to the countryside. This is a huge factor that people miss out when talking about cost of living in Singapore. Sure, earning power is high, but you will never be able to retire comfortably unless you are earning far more than average.
Of course. And that's what I mean by it being more revealing of them it reveals that what they are trying to silence is literally anyone who even dares to so much as barely speak out against their system. Their priorities, and their fragility.
Of course. No one dares go out. You don't even see cars anymore on the roads. Who's going to rush and buy the food in the supermarket now
Of everything my biggest concern is 3. Very worried about how agendas from all sides are seeping into our society and dividing us. Also, this crisis itself has already divided our society into 2 camps just based on the info sources we most frequent.
Off topic questions here. I'm from a different country and only recently subbed here. What is going polytechnic ? Is that going to a polytechnic? What's the perception of going to a polytechnic vs university or whatever the equivalent in Singapore is in Singapore? Or would that perception vary as to the elite-ness of the person's own education? Asking as in some countries it is stupidly viewed as the 'dumb' person option and would like to know if it's the same in Singapore. TIA
Off-topic I realise ConfortDelgro app and Zig app cannot find or put National Orchid Garden as a destination but Tada or Ryde or Gojek can wonder why
Officer Comrade, 20 missiles have successfully fired! General How many landed on Kiev? Officer 19, sir! General Where is the other one? The other one
Official announcement? More like official embarrassment. - 31 march 2020 - 7 april 2020 Flipped in 7 days. How many days to change from coping well to SOS?
Officially yes, but the country received such a huge backlash from it internationally with celebs like george clooney launching a boycott of Bruneian investments and properties overseas that the Sultan also PM - and u guys think one party People's Action Party and Lee dynasty is bad came out and said that the laws are defacto unused, and the whole thing has been brushed aside. Sharia law is defunct not in use. We use civil law instead. Recently the Religious minister's son and daughter in law have been prosecuted and now sit in jail for a 15 million sgd or bnd embezzlement , essentially stealing public funds, to live the high like in UK with fast cars and super homes. We are doubling down on Oil and Gas instead, with everyones BFF China recently taking an island and building a refinery there. The islam thing was deeply unpopular and we have took a step away from it.
Officially, there wasn't any reasons for his resignation The conspiracy theory a.k.a. taxi driver uncle talk was that he was an alcoholic, and he embrassed our country by being drunk during a diplomatic visit.
Oh boy, better tell the artillery shells to avoid falling on civilians while I'm bombing known enemy positions! Welcome to the real world kiddo, wake up. Even an idiot knows explosions kill people, innocent or guilty. The Russians are responsible. Obviously this couple is not, but don't pretend it's not every day Russians who are killing the Ukrainians. And it's either the Russians are completely brainwashed and support killing Ukrainians, or they're not brainwashed and still choose to kill Ukrainians. Either way, they're responsible. Then don't paint every one of them as Russians . Just call them what they are, murderers and killers. Just because the Taliban are mass murderers doesn't mean that the entire nation of Afghanis are murderers.
oh damn i love this place, i used to walk by walking up to river valley rd
Oh damn something similar happened to me as well. But this was 4years ago after Olevels as well. I was working at a buffet restaurant and similarly I came from a 'good school' and my O levels were pretty good. As i approached this table of adults who were celebrating their kids birthday, I simply asked one by one whether I could clear their empty plates. They somehow all ignored me. So i decided to go to the kid himself and ask. He gladly said yes! But what surprised me was after that when his mum I presume scolded me saying 'you are just a cleaner what makes you think you can talk to my son?!' Needless to say I flared up and scolded her back right on the spot, saying that I was just a part time graduate waiting to go JC and she as a grown ass woman should be more mature than this. Sure some people say that this isnt good customer service and I agree. But at that moment to me it was more of 'teaching her how to be a human being' rather than customer service. And I felt that I as a 16 year old was more mature than the whole table of adults. I feel that the higher you climb in the social ladder, just don't forget where you started.
Oh damn, totally forgot about this dude. His website was recently updated as well. what the fuck. Dude is really stretching it.
Oh damn, you're an expat didn't know that. Then I guess there really is nothing to discuss about since you know you're not a local and you don't experience or have the responsibilities of one.
Oh dear wonder what he thinks of the rest of the average Singapore population. Must be dirt
Oh for sure man!. Lee Hsien Loong n Halimah will be the first to charge! But they will be working from home.
Oh god that would be so fucking shitty. Like. clearly there is some racism there on her end too though, isn't it? Like you can't let her off the hook just cause she gets some of it, if she's also holding that prejudice herself. Fun fact mother is half Chinese, and the other half is Indian or Portuguese. She gets irritated when I own my Indianness and say that I'm partly Indian, and she got really ragey when I once pointed out to her that she's Indian. There's so much internalised racism in my family my mother was all like, Chinese people look down on us. but at the same time she looked down on Malay and Indian people and was really insulted when people thought we were Filipino, Indian or Malay. At the time I thought that it was because people treated us different thinking we were of those races, but now that I've grown I realised she didn't wanna be associated with them either, and that was racist in itself. Both my siblings have dated Indians, and my mother once remarked to my sister that my brother's girlfriend was really dark. and my sis goes, Uh huh, so? And my mom goes you know what I mean and my sis is like, no, what DO you mean? Then mom left in a huff . I'm just sick of this bullshit really, I married a Chinese man and we're both pretty tanned. When my son was a baby I caught my mother-in-law saying Wow he's so dark. lucky he is a boy, otherwise if he was a girl it would be so ugly. Lady, that is MY skin colour and no it is not ugly. The god damn nerve of these people.
Oh goodness no! I grew up in the country around a lot of spiders, that's all. Anyone can get this close to a spider without a problem. Spiders are not aggressive, I'm 99% confident I could have picked this fellow up and still not been bitten I've picked up spiders that nearly this big without a problem before Huntmans in Australia, big enough the legs were sticking out of my hand - but I wouldn't do that to a creature like this that lives in and spends a lot of energy on building a web, it wouldn't be fair. Also, orb spiders aren't venomous in a really injure you kind of way. Very few spiders are.
Oh I agree. I know how to punch but I will be useless in a fight. But to someone who is a sitting duck it's quite damanginf
Oh I completely misread your previous comment, I thought you meant that sexuality shouldn't be part of sex ed. Yes I agree that it is such a travesty to call what we learn sexuality education . It's not even comprehensive as purely sex education . Basic things like consent is not even a thing - all I remembered from my secondary sch teacher granted this was 10 years ago was don't sleep around cause you will be dirty . That was the point where I completely tuned out and found online resources that actually taught girls to protect themselves and learn about ways that some people make excuses or guilt trip you to cross your boundaries. Although I don't think it was always named sexuality ed, so I'm hoping that behind the scenes at Ministry of Education someone is very slowly trying to make changes
Oh I do think this is a decent outcome. I am more upset with the policymakers actually. just hard to specify in the heat of the moment
Oh I guess the We'Re AlLoWed to HaVe PrEfErEnCeS argument doesn't apply here unlike rentals? Guess we should become landlords of the subreddit then
Oh I have no idea , I'm not great with sounds design or art, just watch enough YouTube videos to believe someone could do it It would probably sound like static, but you never know
Oh I just zoomed in. Is that the infinity pool? I thought it was a natural water body
Oh I see. I think that people who believe there are no biological differences between sexes is very small. It's gender that the argument is about. people who argue over sex are too retarded to even listen to.
Oh I see. Quite cunningly done too, because the bottom part with the peeled bits are different.
Oh I think you may have misinterpreted by previous statement. I'm not saying the attitude is meritocratic, I'm saying the fact that Singapore is a meritocratic society that spawns such attitudes. I'm not sure if any other country labels itself as such but it is interesting to see how people who share this trait treats certain people like crap and at the same time kowtowing to others. I don't see how meritocracy can be diluted over a long time, perhaps you can elaborate? I only see the scenario where the rich get richer contributing to social divide.
Oh I was just talking about how the ocean is going to reclaim a lot of Singapore's land when the sea level rises. Studies for how high the sea level will rise and how fast can be found online, then you can do the calculations yourself to see how much of Singapore will be gone. To my knowledge several Singapore professors have written about it as well that can be found on google scholar probably. If u can't find anything send me a reply, I think I still have all this saved somewhere back for an old university project.
Oh man now that we have grown up it feels so wrong right to make a kid do that
Oh man that's cheap. Starts to consider the possibility of saving enough then retiring to Russia.
Oh man, I'm currently a med student in the UK and was considering Singapore for my elective, but this really puts me off. In your experience in both countries, is there a difference generally in the hospital culture about the care of a patient or comaraderie between medical professionals?
Oh man, why is it so difficult to just announce the name of the country? Does that make the whole Singapore racist or what? Jeez.
Oh my bad, I thought this was messaging to parents, and not meant for kids. It did say dear parents and guardians , but yeah if it's also disseminated to kids it might have a different meaning.
oh my god I felt it in Choa Chu Kang, could feel the building shaking quite a bit while I looked at my water bottle like Thought it was a plane, because one happened to fly by. But none of my CCK friends could confirm.
oh my god me too! And my family income was below average then and we weren't close with our relatives, so I always felt very embarrassed that I had very little money collected at the end. And then there would be some kids who managed to get $100 over dollars because they were rich as fuck.
oh my god this is so good. like some secondary schoolboys trash talking. maybe they will say this is just locker room talk
oh my god this. I really appreciate government for controlling the pandemic but they really enforce the measures a little too late everytime like banning people from India from entering.
oh my god your package costs so much? did you get ntuc vouchers? after much persuading i signed the 9 bucks for 2 months with 3 bucks ntuc voucher. i just unsubscribed this month because it didnt have enough ebooks for me. But i read like 3 books while i was on the subscription. i think they are genuine actually, but yea their tactic may come across as rather aggro if you are not used to salespeople.
Oh my god, it was taken in 2021 ?! That completely changes the context of this post!
Oh my god. I should have checked the date of the news. I thought that was the reason.
oh my god. This is super late but I've always loved your Hades and Persephone art! Just want to express my admiration for your works!
Oh my goodness so sorry to hear you got a terrible salesperson! Can't believe even after hearing you're a student she knowingly let you pay $99. At least the other time their salesperson gave me a free trial and even when charged I chose the cheapest plan I wanted to try this . They were still hard selling me but at least that salesperson gave me a cheaper plan.
Oh no, he is gonna get invited for a chit-chat session with the police soon
Oh no, why would you download an unknown app on your phone and even sign up? You have no idea what the app is and you may have given them access to all of your personal information!
Oh no. I almost got employed into the company doing storytel. It is very much commission based and how you progress in the company, it is really based on what your results can prove.
Oh oh these villagers are great I love how they're all so open and honest when trying all this new stuff in shoved at them praise be to that colonel who came up with kfc It reminds you of the wonder of discovering something the first time
Oh ok, I don't know much about laws so I don't know what the common sentences are
oH sHiT, rEalLy BaNg HiM ?!? No girl. They giving him valentine's day gift.
Oh shit, really bang him Shit, is this the level of our english here? Damn. Like if you don't watch the video for context how do you even explain that statement.
Oh shit. I guess a determined individual can fight through the effects long enough to harm an officer.
oh sorry I lost the keys to the vehicle oh no Where's all my bullets? oops how did the fuel line get cut?
Oh sorry, I should have clarified hospital restrictions e.g. not allowing staff to eat in at dining places , so we have to have separate venues for staff to eat at. Which takes away venues for training and courses, yet management is expecting us to run at full capacity and conduct trainings for med students and docs or nurses. It's a nightmare to do our work effectively, there is no space for anything.
Oh that explains why recently I've been seeing so many people supporting Russian as well here in Indonesia. And, most of them are account who like to post borderline-right-wing Islam stuffs. Not very surprising
Oh that's a bit lame. Didn't know that the arrival estimate is not calculated by the system.
Oh that. Yah they said that they expect a lot of us will have premarital sex, and then they told us how to prevent STD and what to expect if really kena. And then the usual relationship stuff. But they really only show the nuclear family, absolutely nothing about LGBTQ+
Oh there's a current discussion on that is tangential to this. Renouncing Islam in the Federal Territories of Malaysia - Fahri Azzat Context you just need to recite the shahada to be a muslim, but to exit the religion you need permission from other muslim via sharia court system .
Oh they do. They do know what the word BAN means. As in, Dining is in BANned until 18 August. Oh, you're fully vaccinated? Still BAN .
Oh they might do both then my bad there was another channel that did specifically Pakistani ones
Oh this is a damn good comeback. I'm gonna use it if anyone questions why I'm supporting russian business when I go eat it this weekend
oh when i googled minor murderers i keep getting cases where minors were murdered instead O O
Oh when otters invade condo and eat their fish its cute, when i do it i get sent to IMH.
Oh wow is this supported by other news sources? I remember when I first read about the case I was shocked that this happened in a school, of all places, and when I read the update it was said that both don't know each other. Let's wait for the full investigation results to come out, and may the victim rest in peace.
Oh wow thanks guys for the love. If anyone is interested my ig is yongyichuaaa You can follow me for somemore sickerino photos
Oh wow, I'm from early 16X myself. I think I saw a bunch of trainees with T in front of their NRICs before I operationally ready date-ed
Oh wow, you were beat up before so naturally her experiences are irrelevant and in her head ! The pressures she faces are hardly encapsulated by the teenager experience - the racism she faces is real and painful. Diminishing her experience just make you a cunt.
oh ya now I recalled and we have to squeeze out at least $2 so we don't end up with empty hand
Oh ye! I remember that. I think it took place during my primary school years. I remember my classmate got a camera with the NKF logo on it, I think they donated a certain amount to get the camera but I'm not sure. There were other NKF merchandises too that you can claim after donation I think.
oh yea that was me on a burner account , just got banned for posting blue waffle. somehow the 2 memes and goatse got missed by the mods
Oh yea, there's actually some studies into brain trauma altering sexual preference. Got some documented cases where things like brain injury and stroke can change a person's sexuality. But it cannot be reliably replicated. Like, what do you want to do? Hit someone in the head until he or she either die or change sexuality?
Oh yeah . and all clinical thermometers are designed to be misleading because they measure only up to 42 because. How dare it not show up to 100 because and making my fever looks artificially inflated!
Oh yeah I remembered the ITE College West case as well and the memes that followed after.
Oh yeah of course, we should pander to those who believe in trampling over others in the name of their fairytales. Thank our beloved leaders for their wise teachings for benefit great nation of Singapore.
Oh yeah, continue to play your victim card and be self delusional. Modiland can enjoy covid. Just make sure be like a true superpower nation and don't ask for help and keep blaming others.
oh yeah, my father talked about this in my younger days Lots of kopi tiam or taxi driver conspiracies.
oh yes! I got this as well Dude was trying to get my attention but pointing backwards and stuff. I knew he was up to something but I just walked forward without turning and when the dude tried to talk to me, I just said no thanks and walked away.
Oh yes, I agree. I didn't state my opinion because I thought the numbers spoke for themselves! Unless there has been a mass admission today of vaccinated people, that's the only way this makes any sense.
Oh yes, I missed the part where OP detailed every step they took before adding to the workload of healthcare workers at the a&e. Right it wasn't there! We're both working off assumptions, just different ones. The a&e is for those who need trained medical care, not for those who just need someone to keep an eye on them.
Oh yes, let's dismiss all the discussion if why our young people don't want kids because they're all ginnas! What could go wrong right? 10 years down the road nobody's having kids anymore Oh where did we go wrong? Need to allow more citizen converts because local Singaporeans not repopulating and we don't know why, how would we ever find out, all we have are the inane ramblings of 20 year old ginnas talking about why they don't want to have kids which - we chose to ignore instead of work on.
Oh! Just checked your insta out, you took photos of my friend! Your photos are sick!
Oh, I guess there must be hundreds of people in intensive care unit and hundreds of deaths? Makes sense to close down in that case.
Oh, so then how do you explain all those people coming in on short term visit passes?
Oh, this measures are only until the end of the month, alright. It's just whether the new measures on 1st June is gonna be tighter or not.
Oh, we preferred the FTA with USA. Which came soon after, we sent a token presence to Iraq. I'd probably vote out the government. Who'd choose an FTA with Saddam's Iraq too.
Oh. I like Red Scopion more than Rocky. Damm, for you and I to know who is LT. Radchenko, we just revealed our age group
Oh. Its not really about wanting a country where the healthcare system is coping well. Its more of how well will I be respected as a nurse there. Are my concerns addressed? If i tell you that managing 12-16 patients is unsafe, would you believe me? Australia is a top pick for many nurses because of how mgmt treats nurses. They feel truly valued and it shows in the pay ik culture is impt but hey, pay makes all the difference too .
Ohh cool. I know we invented the polymer notes, I didn't know we sold the rights to other places. We invented a lot of things down here, which I think is awesome for our tiny population.
Ohh ok. Now I see what he was saying. Comfort is the one that charges fees in the cab with a physical card.
Ohhh! I visited them when they were at balestier road before and had a chat with the owners, when we passed by again and saw that they were no longer there i thought they closed for good. Good to know that the business is still alive and kicking
Ohmygod i was holding my mr coconut and the storytel guy asked if it was for him it's so irritating when they act like they're so close to you
OI! how dare you, you take that back. actually, on second thought, send them all to my place
Oic, possibly the temperature? I would wake up earlier when it's 2 degrees too hot or too cold but if it's just nice, confirm oversleep! !
oint of pride for the first few months when I studied there, but toned it down after that they realized that I'm the same lazy hoo You my friend are an inspiration.
Ok as much as I dont think uncle should have been treated like that, Uncle shouldn't wear his PPE to the hawker centre also. It's an infection risk.
Ok forgive the dumb question, I'm still working my way through the history. I don't get the thing SGs have against white people? Because they packed up and bailed out when Japan invaded?
ok honestly fuck off sia how come this shit keeps happening during my batch's holidays, cheebye later got cheebye round 2 also toh laaa
Ok honestly speaking I'm glad I never had to deal with the elitist mindset when working. I've worked at a cafe in orchard road pretty high class and at least I was only despised for my incompetence rather than my school. Props to the customers there for judging me by my performance rather than my school or my background. On the other hand my colleagues would always despise me and my friends because we were from .
Ok I am sure the minister feels bad or sorry about this as they dun wan this to happened too. But but. But at least if I did something wrong, it is a common sense to have punishment or apology. Yet to receive either one from them. So sad
Ok I can't express how angry and pissed I am. When the karaoke lounge cluster was announced last week, many of us had pointed out that this was going to explode. people will not come forward, the virus will spread. And we were still under 50% fully vaccinated. The government waited an entire week to respond to this. What did you fucking expect? Things to magically get better? Now that things are out of control, you react and enact measures for an entire month. I'm pissed at the irresponsible assholes who went to the ktvs. I'm pissed at the owners that kept their ktvs running, they deserve jail time. I'm most pissed at the government, who have been so disappointing recently, taking more reactive than active measures.
Ok I can't really locate the exact source for this quote, though fragments of it are in various European news reports. Below is the summary of Macron's speech on 12 or 6 or 21 edit July in France announcing measures for those who do not want to be vaccinated. The next day there were a million appointments to get vaccinated. I no longer have any intention of sacrificing my life, my time, my freedom and the adolescence of my daughters need source , as well as their right to study properly, for those who refuse to be vaccinated. This time you stay at home, not us. It's a matter of individual responsibility . but also a matter of our freedom In France, those who do not get vaccinated will no longer be able to go to restaurants, cafes from early August , cinemas and museums from July 21 and get on airplanes or trains from August . Alternatively, you will have to submit a negative test, which will no longer be free 49 euros for the PCR, 29 for the antigen . Macron then announced the vaccination obligation for medical personnel and for those who work in contact with fragile people. Since September 15, a nurse who has refused to be vaccinated will no longer be able to go to work and receive a salary. We cannot make those who have the civic sense to get vaccinated bear the burden of inconvenience, Macron said. The restrictions will weigh on others, those who for reasons incomprehensible in the country of Louis Pasteur, science and the Enlightenment still hesitate to use the only weapon available against the pandemic, the vaccine. I am aware of what I am asking you, he said, and I know that you are ready for this commitment. This is, in a sense, part of your sense of duty. Get vaccinated! was the president's overall message. He even tweeted a GIF of himself repeating the phrase. The equation is simple. The more we vaccinate, the less space we leave this virus to circulate. Macron explained that the government was striving to achieve a 100% vaccination rate across the country. At this point, I can't help but agree. Barring those who have contraindications, the rest of the population in Singapore, by August, would've had ample time to get a vaccine. We can't live in this limbo forever.
Ok I see it now and I can't disagree with you. In this case obviously there aren't enough people, so I take back what I said. However it's about preventing a death for me, surely even 5-10 people getting injured is better than letting someone die.
Ok I will not accept anything less than those synchronised claps like those North Korean parades.
OK I would buy prints of this. Please let me know if there's a way I can purchase it
OK low key merlion looks like it could be a high tier end game shiny pokemon
Ok so what do you do in this kind of situation when you're a bystander? I'd probably tell the aggressive guy to calm down and get my own ass beat
Ok this might be an unpopular opinion, but hear me out. I don't mean any offense, but sometimes I feel that such posts are indicative of people who want to have their cake and eat it too. There are legitimate complaints about the housing prices of Singapore, and its often compared to other countries. But the the kicker is - Singapore, as a geographic and economic entity, cannot be compared as a country, but as a city. And a very globalised, hyper-connected one at that. If you look at similar developed global cities, Singapore's housing prices are eminently reasonable. Hong Kong, Tokyo, London, San Francisco, Seoul are cities whose urban lifestyles are analogous to us, and their housing prices are through the roof. Cities, are where jobs and wealth are now created, which in turns increases demand for space. The 2 are related. There is a reason why housing prices in New York City, for instance, are much much worse than a small town in rural America. I understand the pressures of living in Singapore. But I suspect that people who hold such opinions, honestly, would not be able to thrive in other cities in the world, for exactly the same reasons. In other words, and it is no fault of their own , there are people whom are simply not cut out for urban living. In other countries, say Japan, if you cant't take it in Tokyo, you could always move to a quieter town in the countryside although the job opportunites would be correspondingly fewer . Unfortuantely, there isn't such an option in Singapore. Therein lies the rub. There are those who want the economic and socail opportunities that city living brings, but not the hustle and bustle that comes with it. That is, frankly, a paradox. The post that OP shared? That is not a uniquely SIngapore thing - that is a global city thing. It is a feature, not a bug.
Ok those who don't want kids, what's your game plan when you're old? Not financially because that's the easy part. When you are old and frail and partially blind like my dad, my siblings and I had to take turn to bring him to the hospital for check ups. I never wanted kids but this incident really made me think hard. We can all talk big now because we are healthy, now look at your parents or grandparents and imagine them being alone.
OK, all of you , I dowan to hear any of you complaining that Singapore got too many migrants in the future.
Ok, and what has this got to do with what im saying? Im saying is that there will always be moderates and hardliners in any widely practiced religion, be it islam, christianity, hinduism, etc etc. And within the more hardline group, there will always be some of them actively trying to convert or preach to the general population. Im not sure how what you just wrote is supposed to tie in to my point here
OK, as much as we would love to speculate, let's not. It is disrespectful to the school, and the families of both the victim and the alleged murderer. Let's not drive ourselves into conclusions, and let the police finish their investigation.
Ok, but why the 99% good people don't react to racism? If they'd taken a simple step of telling their peer that's really not cool it could make a world of difference.
Ok, go wild here, this is the party thread for all WP supporters! Other similar submissions will be removed to help with the clutter.
OK, good luck when your country is underwater and you're begging to move to Indonesia or Malaysia with that racism
Ok, I concede that the job offer analogy isn't a perfect replication of the issue at hand. But back to the question How would meeting a male tenant dispel prejudice against males if the home owner is looking exclusively for female tenants only?
Ok, I should have left my attempts to have a civilised well argumentative discussion long ago Let's try one more thing let's say tomorrow all this lgbtqwhatever thingy is suddenly approved as a family. Not gonna happen but for sake of discussion let's say it's been put in law. The day after tomorrow someone comes and says he wants to marry his sister or brother and if lagntwhatever can, what can't he? And then father comes and says he wants to have a family with his daughter. Shall we treat incest as a family ? Furthermore, let's encourage paedophilia and allow marriage between 50yo and 12 yo, because why not? Like you've said, what about marriage that applies to those damned heterosexuals! And then someone comes with a goat. And telegraph pole. Where the heck does it stop? Luckily, none of this will ever happen, at least during my lifetime.
Ok, now for the serious take. I thought we were trying to build a less class-conscious society as opposed to what we see in East Asia? Comments like these really don't help. I have no sympathy for Mr. Leong though. Nothing to do with his education, I'm allergic to losers who can only play the populist mr. nice guy card and eventually bankrupt many of us if he gets his way. It's nice to feel sorry for the idiot but don't forget that sufficiently advanced stupidity is indistinguishable from malice.
Ok, replace RI with AcS then. These people put THE BEST IS YET TO BE decals on their car like its so central to their identity
OK. Misunderstood your comment. Thought your parents really wanted to leave you to die, not pay for your food etc
Okay , then I just say I accept all races, then when Indians apply I just reject. Now BOTH parties can waste their time.
Okay response I suppose. Our geopolitical strategy seems to be to always bring up the rear once literally everyone else has said their piece, which is economically sound but socio-politically weaksauce. Not saying we have to spearhead anything considering our size, but when the Taliban and other piss poor Eastern European states do something days before you do, perhaps you're playing it way too safe.
Okay sure! Thanks for the reminder! I have sensitive skin issue and it itches a lot.
Okay to be fair, this rise is not because of them. It is just the way the virus is. More vaccinated will get infected because there is a larger number of us. That's just maths. I'm vaccinated but I feel like the government should just open up everything reasonably and let the dice fall where they will. We already maximised the chances of survival as best as we could. Zero cases is impossible now. We should proceed with endemic scenario.
Okay, honestly, I'm so out of the loop on Singapore norms. I can see that I am so clearly wrong about previous assumptions I've had. Seeing this and another post that came up, I just want to fucking ask are you guys okay? I'm American, and shit is definitely not rosy here right now, so please know I'm not trying to condescend. I know I can't just ask what's going on, but damn, I feel like I haven't had my finger on the pulse of this culture at all when I see this stuff.
Okay, that is just fucking cruel. Why would you wake up this woman who just suffered a fucking heart attack? Let her rest, goddammit. No Grade is worth endangering a life.
Okay. They're irrational, so? Does your enlightened statement fix the problem of the fear when they have a fever that does not go away? Does that fix the real problem in which people cannot predict whether their SOB will get worse?
Okay? One right deed does not right our wrongs, but our past wrongs do not nullify the good that we do
Old foggies like me have to Google these 2 YP words to find out what they mean
Older than you by a decade but exactly how I feel. The power imbalance is ridiculous.
Omicron being infectious contributes to a high number of raw cases. How people react to it is another story. If the 80% who doesn't need to be in a&e don't go in, it can help the healthcare workers a big deal. They have to deal with only the 20% who needs help, rather than the 80% who are actually fine, which should go a long way in helping them The facilities can't be scale up in a short moment, it will only go downwards because of our unique combination of heavy reliance on foreign workers and their desire to go home against the MTF decision to stick to VTLs. And MOH can't train so many local healthcare workers within a couple of years
Omicron is mild. Fact. Only N95 masks work in preventing covid spread. Fact. Majority of the rules and regulations are useless in stopping covid. Fact. Singaporeans are so afraid of covid and do not understand how mild Omicron is You are a good example which leads to flooding of the hospital's for positive art results.
On another note, it's disgusting that schools are allowed to hold and force all students except Muslims to attend religious sessions. It's also ridiculous that only Muslim students are allowed to skip it but students of other faiths have to be put through the religious session. This should be banned by law already. But well our cabinet is very dominated by the particular religious group which does this so nobody is going to say anything.
On Monday, April 24, Mr Gomez went twice to the ELD. Ms Sylvia Lim was with him on both occasions. The first time, Mr Gomez and Ms Lim collected some political donation forms. The second time, after they handed in the completed political donation forms, Ms Lim requested an application form for a minority certificate. He then proceeded to fill up his minority certificate application form at the counter. Sylvia Lim is involved again?!
on the basis of principles. , We'll be singing a very different tune if USA is the one invading.
On the contrary, I think the government is very cognizant of the strategic disadvantages and the various holds our neighbors have on us. Why do you think we have Newater plants, LNG container port, and diversified food supply? These are all strategic moves to minimize to the extent possible over-reliance which could be politically exploited. That said, there are limits as well as blindspots to such policies.
On the contrary, you have achieved that rare feat of getting 500 upvotes on this comment in Which shows you that there are many sane Singapore people here that fully concur with you.
On the contrary. The fear mongering and micromanaging that drives the restrictions are the cause of the healthcare resource crowding. And it's dragging it out. We have one of the lowest intensive care unit or ventilation to hospitalization ratios, because of the abundance of caution . We had to take almost a year before people stop freaking out about mild covid. Remember the nonstop ambulance calling? This is before the discussion of misdirection of resources to aggressive contact trading, SDAs etc., which might be crucial two years ago, but is completely useless about one year ago. Our healthcare crisis is completely due to a mismanagement of restrictions and public messaging.
On the flip side, if you can't cancel, take it as a learning experience. You can also start using the service to get some books like The subtle way of not giving a f ck to train yourself to ignore or say no to these people.
On the other hand there are actual people who support 377a. More than half the population even. Citation please. The questions asked in the survey between adultery and gay sex are identical. I'm not sure where you are deriving this distinction between criminality and morality from. And if there is one, please explain why it should exist for 377A but not adultery or gambling? More importantly, even if there should be a distinction between criminality and morality, this distinction is moot because 377A is not enforced. So no, relying on public opinion as an excuse to not repeal 377a is an internally inconsistent and ultimately nonsensical argument. The People's Action Party is refusing to move on the issue because it doesn't want to. Do not blame it on the people.
Once again, I am forced to question why I even do NS. But anyway, I will be done soon. And I won't look back in fondness.
Once I was holding my 'dabao' lunch, and this storytel sales girl asked if the lunch was for her. . Sorry I don't have this crap sense of humour.
Once, there was this kid who Took a trip to Singapore and brought along his spray paint And when he finally came back He had cane marks all over his bottom He said that it was from when The warden whacked it so hard Mmm mmm mmm mmm, mmm mmm mmm mmm
One does not need to be a social liberal to recognise the urgent need for political liberalisation in Singapore. Social conservatives would do well to remember that illiberalism can easily be weaponised to silence our voices if the People's Action Party ever finds it to its political advantage.
one ex nurse told me on fb it's not the remuneration issue that's making them leave. it's the bad bosses.
One lady was spotted without a mask in a mall. One of the safe distancing ambassador told her to put on a mask and the lady went Karen-mode and asked her if she the SDA had any badge. news article video
One of my close friend and her husband quit their well paying jobs to open up a bakery cafe which was their dream, ended up having to close down because of the lockdowns. Life savings gone just like that. Sad times.
one of my colleagues had covid and was working from hospital, which is the worst version of WFH
One of my FB friend is helping out on this project, she posted a few days back but I forget about it sorry . Let me download the demo after work today!
One of the interactions resulting from not excluding a particular race or gender or etc, might make them re-think whether they should be looking at having those exclusive criteria. At least their prejudice is challenged. With pre-screening, it goes unchallenged. Now, the challenge it's subjected to may reinforced their position, or weaken or change it. Either way, that's fine and there's not really anything more I could expect of such a requirement. I'd be interested to see some actual research on whether this or similar measures work or not, but my layman's personal observation is that people with more frequent exposure to diversity tend to be more understanding or accepting of it.
One of the OG GPs in Hougang Central decided to sell off the clinic and move to Oz for 4 years, after that then see how . It has been over 11 years since he left for Oz.
One of the top comments on this video kindly put time stamps for each country's speech. I listened to Russia's speech. Russia gives a compelling story. However all of it rings hollow because Russia did not try to make anyone know of this story over the last 8 years. Russia could have easily brought this story to the world stage via the UN, a speech, the news, a tweet. But Russia did not, which clearly indicates that this entire Russian story is a pretext. This is with the backdrop that basically the entire world is saying the Russian story is absurd. It's also tiring that Russia and China is always accusing the west of conspiring against them for all their problems. In this case Singapore, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, African nations, and more all join in to condemn Russia's invasion. However Russia falls back on its tired playbook of always being a victim of the west. Thanks for sharing this link.
One of the two is conversant in martial arts. Just in this short clip there were 10 forceful blows, using the leg, elbow and the fist. Not surprised if there are internal injuries.
One person in intensive care unit Government reaction to things right know sound like a bad joke.
One point I do want to add is that while CDL appears bigger than GRAB they too have their own can of works. To provide a small comparison, the ay it works is that 1. GRAB driver can rent his own vehicle or through them and typically it costs 55-65$ or day. However Grab driver pays a commission of 20-25% to Grab for every ride but he does get back incentives based on his tier rating and number of trips etc. 2. A CDL driver pays almost double I.e. more than 120$ as rental per day, but he gets to keep most of the earnings. I believe for a full time driver the Grab model works better as his fixed cost is low and he only pays commission if he is working and driving and getting fares. For a CDL driver he struggles to meet his rental and can keep only the spillover after first making up for the rental. So if on any day a driver cannot work, the CDL model screws him pretty bad as compared to Grab. Also Grab provides additional businesses opportunities like deliveries which CDL doesn't. Overall both are corporates who care little about their drivers or the public. This CDL announcement also is but natural because drivers would start giving up the cabs if business drops.
One quick question do healthcare workers really find it difficult to get a proper meal and a good night's rest? If that's really the case, the hotel industry has a ton of empty rooms and this is a CSR opportunity waiting to happen.
One the one hand, it feels really harsh. On the other. I think it's something they know but don't have the bandwidth to fix right now. Technologically speaking, this would be possible to give an exemption to, but sadly, perhaps they are concerned with the abuse by potentially non immunocompromised people or whatever. Hoping that moving forward this might get bandwidth.
One thing about India is the crazy diversity of its people and their living conditions and costs. While what you have described definitely could be true to people living in the countryside, living in the top tier cities is not much cheaper than Singapore. For example, the cinema, multiplexes that are of similar experience to Singapore are priced pretty similarly. And unless you are eating by the roadside, $2 would just about get you a decent meal.
One thing about the plastic that isn't so great. It's really hard to wipe your ass with it when you're outfield. Don't ask me how I know.
One thing I learnt waaay too late is, don't say or give reasons why. They see it as an invitation to refute or negate and tell you why those are not applicable. No is a complete sentence in this case. Just a firm no , or no thank you if you prefer. You are not screaming cursing yelling at them, you aren't rude.
One thing I never understood is that why many people depend on their cpf being the money of last resort or retirement. Why don't we just treat it as if it doesn't exist and take your own retirement planning into your own hands and save or invest accordingly? Ideally, if you have the ability to budget and look for cheaper equivalents, you should be able to at least save SOME money assuming that your family or financial situation is not awful . The bigger cost issues like medical care should by right be covered by the correct insurance plans, but unfortunately a large population of people don't understand or don't believe in it Or is it a matter where Singaporeans are not financially savvy or knowledgeable enough about such things? Nowadays, fresh University grads are getting salaries of 2.8-3.8K or if your grades are awesome and you come from a branded university, 4.5-5.5k SGD in some industries, it somewhat boggles my mind that they can't plan for retirement.
One thing I'd like to add is to not fully blame StoryTel for this. The salespeople are actually not StoryTel staff but a face-to-face sales company engaged by StoryTel. StoryTel pays then for every successful conversion. The sales company in question is extremely similar to MLM. The main umbrella is called Appco, and branches out into many individual small companies. If you ever see companies named Eden Cube Marketing or Titans Marketing Group but their FB or website is incredibly shady and vague about the type of marketing they do and focus a lot on Look at what fun people have working here! it's probably one of those. They literally have training session on how to approach and stop someone, and all those small talk is also part of building rapport so it's more likely a customer says yes. Because this is a fully commissions based job, some salespeople can be extra pushy, and these actions are usually unregulated by the company. I believe StoryTel themselves have no idea what's going on. Next time, just firmly say no or ignore and move on. It gets worse when you engage or acknowledge their presence because they grab it and won't let you go. If they follow you or continue harassing you, ask for the company they are working for a lodge a complaint. It is law for all of them to wear a tag displaying the APPCO name and their own name. Source I used to work there for 6 months
One thing I've learned when reading or watching about anything involving nationalities is to not look at the comments. But then here I am on Reddit.
One thing that has been very confusing for me so far is who gets to fly and why. Surely for 3 it should be done online wherever possible, and if not it can be delayed? And for 5, how come some people are allowed to travel for compassionate reasons, but not for our closest neighbours up until recently Sure, Singapore should open up, but I feel that it should be on an exclusive basis, i.e. closed to everyone except the much-talked about travel bubbles that we keep trying to have. So if a country proves itself to be able to handle the virus properly, we can facilitate travel.
one time they approached me when I was having a terrible day, and I think I told one of them no, screw off
One time, I got into a taxi and I said hello. Cue the next 10 minutes of lecture of why I shouldn't say hello at all because it contained the word hell. Refers to the holy book verse blah blah blah. Just because my name sounds malay.
one wil continue to fuck shit up if voted in. one is useless. vote for less bad outcome.
Ong Ye Kung was new at that time though. Now to be an anchor minister and lose? That's horrible.
Only because too many of us can relate to growing up with child abuse. Far too many. They're all joking about the meme but it's all just a coping mechanism to hide the pain.
Only being able to retire in your 70's seems to be the trend around the entire world, not just Singapore. Same as insane housing prices in all major cities around the world.
Only Belarus in principle and then if you look closer not even that. Outside of Lukashenko himself basically the entire country is protesting because they don't want to get sucked into a war they have no business in.
Only for check-in at premises. After that you don't have to turn it on if you don't want to.
Only hope for them to redeem themselves in my eyes is that they admit that yes, we your government fucked up. it's our fault but please help us solve the situation by doing X, Y, Z. Wishful thinking though.
Only one way to change that, more users, more drivers etc. in the same drivers might be reluctant to drive with them because of lack of customers. It's a domino effect. but personally I'll do my part to break the chain because otherwise grab would always have the win
Only provided that's what OP really meant. The photo doesn't seem to suggest this, I don't feel it's superficial of people to jump on this post at face value.
Only Singapore and PRs can come back to Singapore. All of these commercial flight also carry cargo. I am not sure how much cargo we move from Singapore to India and vice versa but I do expect it to be relatively sizable. If we really do close borders and don't allow flights in, then GG to us when it comes to food and products
Only the naive will buy into this rhetoric. Anyone that's here to invade us isn't looking to score natural resources or acquire more land. They are here to wipe us off the face of the earth. No amount of NS or ICT will stop that.
only the schools with confirmed cases have gone hbl, the rest still normal but would probably close down soon. ministers have been avoiding that question
Only way to escape is to abolish this whole system with made-up rules and go back to hunter-gatherer times.
Only when you are stuck overseas and then kbkp why government don't even attempt to take care of its citizens
Only when you livestream parliament will you get to see this pop out. Not some 'highlights' that are selected and cut off where convenient
Ontario allows for indoor dining despite having similar vaccination rates as Singapore. Cases remain very low. This does not make sense at all. Somehow the government thinks there is no difference between 70% first doses and 40% first doses. First doses are good enough for relaxing of restrictions in Canada. It should be good enough for Singapore.
Oof. He did this in Singapore. BIG mistake. I love Singapore because it's very safe and one of the reasons is the punishment for acts like these is high and sometimes painful.
Ooh I'd love to know more about this? How may I support it? Love seeing singaporeans making waves
Ooh so witty. Play kiddo card all. So mature and knowledgeable. I wish I was as smart as you. You do know that the Russians are currently attacking non military targets right? And when your enemy is the entire population, what counts as collateral damage? The stray animals?
Ooh yes. From SGD 6.70 to 11.10 for House Officers 1st year junior doctor and SGD 12.20 to 16.60 for Medical Officers 2nd year onwards . Finally adjusted after more than a decade. Calculated based on 30 hours - regular 12 hour workdays equals to 18 extra hours for call pay If I'm not wrong, the current Grabdriver salary according to glassdoor is SGD16 or hour? You'll find that 99.9% of us would rather forsake the extra income and go without the 30 hour calls. Thank you.
Oooooof, and my mom always tells me to watch my own behavior all the time. And not offend people in public. Even Mr. Balakrishnan can't help but let emotions get the better of him.
OP are you able to lodge a police report on this and recount the incident details? Did you witness this in person?
OP call your bank and cancel the transaction, the funds havent settled yet. I assume in your post when you said you contacted them that you were referring to storytel
OP has idiot views most of the time, but this time is it hard to say he is wrong? Tell anyone not for or even apathetic to the cause and the reaction will be siaolang, too free zuobo sibo. The only ones who are saying Good Job , and They Walked the talk, oh they're so brave are those who are already supportive of the trans cause. The glorification of protest only exists westwards, and it is rather silly to think that anyone is swayed by this positively in favor of the cause.
OP is pointing out the ease at which a malay person are able to preach without case or concern because of that connection and is seemingly more acceptable within that community, more so than others. Nobody is saying no other religion experiences this. Where are you even inferencing this from. What im getting from OPs post is that hes asking if anyone else is feeling the struggle between moderates and hardliners for his religion
OP knows that not everyone is racist. However her anger about lack of support is very valid. Look at this thread there are so many comments telling OP to just grow up, you need a thicker skin, just ignore them.
OP please let us know if anyone from the government contact or threaten you to remove this
OP you have nothing to apologise for. These kind of parents are the cancer of society, and the sad thing is their spawn will probably grow up to be like them as well. As a society, we really need to move away from this mindset that people who have less money are less deserving of respect.
OP you're only 16? please please love yourself, we're here to root for you and support you. being a teenage girl is already hard enough, the racism you experience makes it even harder. please be kinder to yourself and accept yourself for who you are, i know it's hard but it's a process.
OP, any updates? Those elbow and knee strikes are incredibly damaging. Did they catch this guy? Or even report the incident?
OP, I hear you and I am so sorry you had to go through all this. It's heartbreaking to hear. As a Chinese, I've come across instances where I could have called my fellow Chinese friends out for their overt and sometimes not so obvious racist remarks or behaviour. I am sorry that I did not stand up for those times that I could have and should have. There is no excuse, and I know I must do better. As do most Chinese people as well. Also side note for your second last paragraph. I think it's easier to see ourselves as victims than as oppressors. It's easier to turn a blind eye to how we oppress brown people and claim that we are merely innocent and are oppressed by white people instead, than to face our mistakes. But we have to learn that while we may be oppressed in Western countries, in Singapore we as the majority race are in fact the oppressors.
OP, you lost it by expensive wedding, all comments focus on that instead of the issue at hand.
Open leg policy and after people called out something bad gonna happen. They all ignored Singaporeans until shit hits the fan.
open up the purse They need more GST to help the poor. Poor minister, have to keep telling people that.
opening up will come shortly after. My optimism regarding this drops every day. The government looks like they are petrified of the bad PR of even 1 case, and opening up even with full vaccination will cause cases. These new restrictions kind of prove it to me, they are panicking and don't have a proper re-opening plan. Not to mention, it's not entirely their fault, there are tons of people even on this site that go apeshit when you suggest that after full vaccination, we can get rid of mandatory masks. A lot of people really DON'T want to go back to normal.
Operation Coldstore and Operation Spectrum. Search YouTube for historian Thum Ping Tjin's excellent lectures about them.
operationally ready date ordah! Can the honourable gentlemen retract his statement? It is a debate about the future of a nation, not for your amusement.
Opposition got sued for defamation for bringing it up. Then there's the unfortunate timing of a Chief Justice retired quickly after somebody lost a lawsuit for the first time in Singapore.
Or a very much more lucrative option - locum full time at GP clinics or vaccination centres or telemed or private hospitals. Rate ranges from $120-160 or Hr. If you pull the same number of hours as working under public healthcare i.e. 100 hours or week equals to easily net $10k or week at the very least How do clinics afford to pay so much, and rent, and wages for support staff, and still charge a fair amount for consultation and prescriptions? Does the government give further grants to clinics apart from them participating in CHAS and PHPC?
Or a very much more lucrative option - locum full time at GP clinics or vaccination centres or telemed or private hospitals. Rate ranges from $120-160 or Hr. If you pull the same number of hours as working under public healthcare i.e. 100 hours or week equals to easily net $10k or week at the very least Most doctors do this till they garner enough experience, know-how and capital to open their own clinics.
Or decency. No decent person would sit in that chamber and go along with half the policies that are being rolled out without arguments.
Or die from radiation poisoning a week after some guy in a long coat accidentally taps you with an umbrella.
Or do u prefer the afghan leader who flee to US with his suitcases of USD at the first sight of trouble?
or enter the world of children with realistic expectations for things you need to give up or spend less on
Or for benefit of doubt, people who don't buy reddit awards and are just using up whatever giveaways they get.
Or for wearing a mask Looking at someone, even when minding your own business some people just want to beat other people up
Or go gym first, then you'll be more hungry afterward and the food will taste better.
Or have they felt more comfortable showing knowing no reaction will arise from the citizens. Or hell even support from the more devoted followers. I mean just look at how the community reacted with 377a, swept under the rug as usual.
Or how we wouldn't have learned anything about the bionix or jeep accident if someone didn't break OSA and leak photos of the accident forcing mindef to publicly acknowledge and take action
Or just tell them you already bought it from the guy at the other MRT station
Or Maybe because he cares about the money than the average peasants working under him and paying taxes to him. If wars comes, he be flying off to the US or some western country the same way Marcos flee to Hawaii when they overthrown him while every fulltime national serviceman fighting for themselves. edit so many Lee Hsien Loong fanboys downvoting this, thanks for wasting my time serving NS for simps like this
Or maybe people would refrain from going to see Dr for unnecessary shit if they knew we were not coping well. If they think we're doing fine then they think we still have capacity to see them. Maybe they'd also be a bit more understanding of the long wait times and when healthcare workers cannot attend to every little small low priority request
or OP can pick up your phone and start texting and say Sorry I'm busy right now
Or slowly gentrify the area with affluent voters likely to lean People's Action Party like they did with Potong Pasir in 2011. Flipped the ward with 114 votes lead.
or so far, regardless of the number of 30 hour shifts rostered still at an average of $15 or hour , there's been no additional incentive. Extra weekends has and always have been unpaid shrug. Don't see that ever changing.
Or the multiple alts give the appearance of many user accounts , agreeing or disagreeing with a particular sentiment or stance. That might be the other purpose, so it can be 3-5 accounts all talking and agreeing or disagreeing with a stance, but in reality it's just 1 or 2 people with zero life outside of reddit to have time for this
Or the people stationed outside the malls. Oi oi oi, no TraceTogether no vaccination status no going in!
Or the reverse so you dont feel guilty about eating that big mac, just exercise till you throw the whole thing up
Or you guys could just hoard some cash, then do some long-term investment and retire early in Malaysia
or you know smash something over that guy's head fucking hate when people don't do shit
Or, after workout and all you want is food, McD sounds like a great choice, and you can even justify it because you did the work already
Or, if they have to wait an extra month to get the right tenant. It's 3.6k which is easily enough to do a deep clean and touch-up.
Orange alert means doctors can't even take leave. They'll be busy, overworked and underpaid for the next few months. I don't know what I can do to help
organisations are doing that. The post you're commenting to is talking about and old malay Muslim who cld have some health condition and possibly mental condition from aging. I dont think their able to do stuff or
Originally written I , but changed it to We ? Correct move. It won't be right if it was I ARE NOT RACIST! ocd intensifies
Other countries KFC is nothing like Singapore, but not in a good way. Its not the crispy fried chicken that we enjoy here, its only original. Original is way inferior to crispy.
Other pics of other animals here It was a fun day. Also monkeys have huge balls, damn. I don't mean their personalities they seem cowardly and full of bluster. But they are hauling around a gigantic set of baby grenades.
Other places are opening up while we are banning dine-in. What a yoke, what a yoke.
Other Singapore athletes such as Joseph Schooling likely suffered from being unable to participate at world-class events though. Whereas countries that are already medal rich or have great training programmes have a better time finding substitute competitive environments for their athletes.
other than not being able to bring a medal back for Singapore Once she retires from active sports, she can also coach a new generation or two of players, who will bring many medals back!
other than wedding, I thought people will just flip build-to-order after 5 years then buy another build-to-order or resale flat that is cheaper. Then when your kids grew up and moved out, downsize Hdb or rent rooms out to generate profit. What OP said might be true for the older generations, but I believe the younger ones would probably have extra savings other than cpf to fund their retirement at 50s or 60s.
Ouch - that sucks for kids. We used to make our own way to school when I was that age, but the school was crazy close to where we lived and no one went to a school further afield that I knew - it wasn't a wealthy neighbourhood .
Our Chinese majority country established diplomatic ties, with THE Chinese majority country. Just after the Peoples Liberation Army liberated Chinese souls. By turning their earthly vessels into meat paste. Whatever the reasoning given, it was quite the flex!
Our constitution has as much worth as the tissue I sneezed into. Apparently it can be changed anytime, on a whim, as shown in our presidential elections.
Our currency is kind of interesting, I think some other countries have similar things. They are all different sizes so blind people can work out their funds easier. They are very hard to counterfeit due to the stamped windows. The stamp is actually inside the window, so you can spot fake ones by scratching it. They are all completely different colours.
Our CURRENT PM most famous words Singapore must not only protect its lunch but steal other people's lunches this government reap what they sow
our dialects Another info that is probably just semantics but Hokkien, Cantonese, and Teochew are actually so different from Mandarin that they can legit be considered as a separate language in line with Korean or Japanese. It's politics that relegated them to the category of dialects .
Our employees are producing 120% while only using 80%! Imagine how much more we can do with 100%! Employers in a nutshell.
Our food variety comes mainly from Malaysia. Rice mainly from Thailand. What India do produce are technically optional . We don't specifically need those long grain briyani rice. We aren't banning Thai and Malaysian planes, are we? We aren't banning shipping or lorries. In any case, given the amount of such foodstuff, and the durability of some of them, those could be shipped and that isn't banned. The planes have such limited cargo capacity passenger planes , you can't be flying bulk quantities of cheap critical foodstuff! Even medications produced by generic manufacturers in India could be shipped. And India isn't the only supplier in the world. We did fine in the early days when the entire world and its supply chain is disrupted. We can do fine without air deliveries from India. Deliveries from our main trade partners in South East Asia and East Asia is still going on. We won't GG.
Our government is not shit, but they are not great either. You claim that reddit is constant whining from liberals but HWZ is distinctively not liberal and there are alot of anti government sentiment there. And every criticism of the government is not whining, you love your country so you want it to be better, that's why people argue and critique. While some things in your view are working and the pragmatic choice, to others it's a failure and sacrificing too much. I tend to feel that the our Government is massively inefficient and spend too much resources to gain very little, but that's my opinion and you can have yours. What do you think the government does that is good and the trade-off is worth it? Reddit is a lot older than you think, it's mostly working adults, I don't know what you are trying to do when insinuating that redditors are just young and ignorant
Our hours sound similar. Seems like school don't really differ much everywhere! After the anthem, announcements, and address by the principal, we have maybe 15 minutes before the next lesson. We'll wait in the classroom for our next lesson. Some schools might make it mandatory for students to buy subscriptions to the newspaper or The Economist, as is the case for mine, and we'll read those while waiting. There was no lunch served just a canteen with some snacks, no real food and the typical lunch consists of stale sandwiches brought from home. Does that mean parents MUST prepare lunch for their children daily or they'll starve in school? O
Our houses are also supposed to depreciate over time but people are pretending it doesn't. It's a ticking time bomb.
Our importance is not the size of the market but our connections with places in Asia. More importantly for the US who if they want to prevent China from expanding their power, needs us in the region
Our law doesn't care if the protest is violent or peaceful as long there is no permit you are in breach of the public order act. Don't like the law, petition your MPs to change it
Our lives are worthless compared to the elites. So there is no point in asking whether we will stay or not.
Our Malaysian politicians don't give a shit about its own people. Trying to get it to care about foreign countries' warfare is even less possible.
Our medical system indeed might not be capable of handling a real outbreak. Heard that bed occupancy in normal times are as high as 95%. The low mortality rate won't be as low when medical attention cannot be given.
Our Ministers have been known to descend to gutter politics to discredit and even destroy the lives of Opposition members, so this comment hardly surprises me. Our leaders basically believe in fighting dirty. To them, bringing up something personal or scandalous about their opponent that embarrasses or makes him look bad is just punishment for daring to oppose the government.
Our politicians both sides run on bread and butter issues which is safe to say at least 98% of voter's concern, Trans-rights is the issue that neither side will touch for fear of losing their base.
Our South East Asia neighbors use more of Russian military hardware than us. Hence they still need some support from Russia for maintenance and parts. We only have the Igla short range SAM if I am not wrong.
Our very own PM, 2 months ago, said that we're not under pressure to accelerate vaccine programme due to low community cases
Out of their own pockets for no work done?! Outrageous! Next you'll say something crazy like forgo buying a new S-Class.
Outrageous, if we do such things then we will no longer be an attractive global bustling business hub!
Over-sea invasions are immensely costly for the invader and are easy to intercept. There is a reason why China has not even taken over Quemoy and Matsu even though they are right at the doorstep of Xiamen.
overpriced , technologically--impaired, fuddy-duddy Comfort? The problem previously was taxi drivers playing hide and seek when raining or just before peak hours and for being choosy about passengers.
Overworked does not mean productive. to be honest in most fields the results of the workers would increase by working less. When people are well rested they can work longer on peak levels and are less prone to making mistakes. So often its better to work less but good than long and exhausted.
P.S. I created a YangGang Singapore Facebook group months ago no idea what to do with it so I am hoping members can join in and provide their input. Add this at the end of the facebook . com URL. or groups or 694657904617960 or
P6 in 2017 here! i remember the briefing the principal gave urging everyone not to share anything on social media
Pakcik seems like his bitter man projecting his jealousy. honestly as a Muslim myself that's the thing I don't really like about how there's a very forceful approach towards teaching Islam, it's such an off-putting approach to be honest
palestine, Libya, Panama, yugoslavia, and the list goes on where were they? remaining silent while US and its allies justify all those invasions, killing million of people? is death really just a number? can US and its allies actions really be justified? no matter how the western media sugar coats stuff, propaganda is propaganda. regarding Myanmar, where were they when their beloved democratic freedom fighter aung san suu Kyi ordered an attack on the Rohingya people? pure genocide on the Rohingyas who didn't chose to be born as one many people in Myanmar was nowhere to be found. when min aung hlaing staged a coup d'etat, they suddenly appear to ask for the world to help them. to be fair the blockage of crimea water supply is Volodymyr Zelenskyy response to putin occupying crimea. the real victims? the 2 million people who actually called Crimea their home when people take the moral high ground to dictate what's right or wrong, look into the mirror and ask yourself, have I been objective?
Palmer announced his resignation as Speaker of Parliament and MP for Punggol East as well as from the People's Action Party on 12 December 2012 due to an extra-marital affair with Laura Ong Hui Hoon, constituency director of the people's Association PA office in Pasir Ris Punggol GRC.
Panda has been sending me emails saying Ill get an extra $5 per order if I ride with them. I onboarded with them last April but I didn't get around to buying the backpack and uniform because it took too fucking long to deliver. I might do Grabfood again for side income but I'm not sure if the danger and the stress is worth it. I mostly cycle downtown because of the incentives and because heartlands are overcrowded, but distances are far and deliveries to condominiums are the worst.
Panda lowered their base fee by $2.50 since last May. Grab is bad, but Panda is worse. Earning only $3.90 for deliveries is commonplace now in the heartlands. They once offered me to do a delivery from Waterway Point to Serangoon North. for $4.90 on a bicycle
Pap leaders be like how come we didnt talent scout this guy? We need to reflect on our candidate selection
Pardon me if I'm going off tangent but it seems that Muslims here must abide by Sharia law for family affairs and cannot opt out, unless they commit apostasy. I knew someone who's single, does not want her wastrel brother to inherit her assets, but under shari'a law she can only freely will one third of her assets. To me, what differentiates Singapore from MY is that it's up to you whether you want to drink, eat pork, buy 4D or have close relations without having to fear about the religious police - my point is that one is free to practice their religion in their own way here. So it's quite odd that shari'a, though very narrowly applied here, is nonetheless compulsory.
Parents brag about their child's achievements as if it were their own Talk about living vicariously through your children
Parents CRY FOR WHAT? U SO OLD ALREADY STILL CRY! GO KNEEL IN FRONT OF KWAN YIN ULTIL SHE FORGIVES YOU!
Parents HOLD THE JOSS STICK PROPERLY! LOOK AT GUAN YIN MA AND REFLECT. SHE GAVE YOU A GOOD BRAIN BUT YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO USE IT! Child
Parents usually nag at us saying, oh who is going to take care of you when you are older? sia , my dad literally said that to me after dinner two days ago
Parents with elitist mindsets can also harm their own children. As the children grow and face greater challenges, they may not feed expectations which leads to punishment or negative reinforcement. It will result in a life of overprioritizing results, rather than health and morals.
parents' food court stall losing 3k a month since the previous heightened alert but they still trying to hang on and not fire any staff. kopitiam doesn't even give rebate or any discount hais how long can we last
Part of the problem is that it's relentless. You hear something or the other every.single.day. I'm Indian too and more comfortable with myself possibly because I grew up in other countries thankfully. I may think nothing of the words themselves. But holy shit is it exhausting. Like your critical aunt's unsolicited advice. Except you don't love them, you can't escape it, it happens every day, it's racist, influences the way future leaders or employers perceive you, and is an implicit, if not always intentional, way of diminishing your value as a human When people say casual racism, as stupid as I think it is, hearing it once in a blue moon doesn't bother most people. Hearing it non-stop is incredibly annoying amd exhausting. Tldr I don't particularly care what others think of me, but I can still want to slap someone occasionally for constantly telling me I'm not good enough, just because it is so damn annoying.
Part of the reason why I always hesitate to tell people about where I study or have studied - not because I'm ashamed of my school but I really dislike the inconvenience or attitudes that it brings. School is I study one not you - who are you to comment or show attitude?
Pasir Ris 9 40am my chair was swaying, checked earthquake news, one in West Sumatra reported, 6.2 Magnitude.
pasir ris park actually has a lot of insects! this spider is commonly found along the mangrove board walk, just need to be on the look out for them. the park is also well known for one species of leaf insect, many people from the insect photography community go there to find it. i havent seen it myself yet, its quite hard to spot
Pass IPPT important also or else become BBFAs. ICT i hope SAF can make it more fun. But its good for networking.
Past performance is not indicative of future returns. Our replacement rate is one of the lowest in the world. Even if everything else goes perfectly chances are we'll see a stagnant or shrinking overall GDP due to an ageing or shrinking population. It's fine to buy a house because it feels damn good, but it was probably the worst financial decision in my life.
Path of exile, popular arpg, have 8 teteks on Azitri showing prominently, I dont think it will be labelled NSFW for this hahas
Patrick Star You got it set to M for mini, when it should be set to W for wumbo .
Pay should be addressed but paying someone doesn't entitle anyone to make them physically or mentally sick. I'm glad the government did not make any populist move and just open up willy nilly and make the situation even worse for our healthcare workers. And I beg to differ, in the context of this once in a lifetime emergency situation that has lasted over 2 years now, they are heroes. Yes they definitely deserve higher pay, but they need empathy as well.
peacetime already miw complain about millions of dollars of salary not enough. wartime they dont sell us out happy already
pension system is now more of just the young funding the old, unless you are referring to a compulsory 401k
people also have the general perception that having the vaccine meant that they cannot get it, so even if they have symptoms it's ok, don't need to see doctor. The vaccination process should have been done at a faster pace
people are almost always pieces of shit. Probably 90% of the people who read this comment and flame me too. Probably ME too. Thats just life. Everyone is trash and deserves to die.
people are realising this. Singapore is a rich man and expat paradise. If you are middle class you will forever struggle, to say nothing of lower class.
people are so stupid. Putin is not an elected representative of Russia. He does not speak for the Russian people. Also, many Russians and Ukrainians have family from both countries, so how are you so dumb to send hate? Complete morons.
people are such hypocrites. Now everyone who support ukraine think they are some righteous hero in shining armor defending against evil. what about the myanmmar government killing its own civilians? what about the yemen war, the egypt war, the african genocides thats all ongoing. what about the cartel violence, bankrollled by hsbc and credit suisse where innocent civilians are having their face and skin flayed ripped off and balls cut off while alive. wheres all the donations and outpouring of social media support? just because the media says doing A is good, everyonr flocks to do A and think they are a hero while living in their little privileged bubble. fucking virtue signalling. most people don't even know what's going on in ukraine. the azov and aidar battlion are literally neo nazis, the geopolitical prelude to the war. the blockage of crimean water supply.
people are trash. After an engineering diploma and being a well paid manager in a big firm in paris i just left everything to go trekking in new zealand for 5 months. Then I became a waitress there in a nice bar overviewing a lake. because I wanted to stay in this country. Well some f king costumers were so presomptuous, telling me I was dumb even before i opened my mouth. . So it was a pleasure to tell them after they ate or drank that I have a master s degree, I worked for 6 years in the industry making a shitload of money and that I really don t give a shit about their tips they can keep it to buy themselves a brain. And then, they were nice to me and respectful. It s even worse. people are shit.
people bring up Faisal but forgot that Gerald is a devout Christian. GG released a book compiling all his blog posts and articles for TOC and his stance on abortion pretty much reveals he is very socially conservative. He also advocates for the censorship of films that go against his beliefs. No prizes for guessing his stance on 377A. I think GG isn't a bad MP overall but his views on social issues very clearly align with the People's Action Party most of the time except abortion .
people can blame the karaoke lounge cluster but they need to realize new clusters will continue emerging. The Delta variant was preventable as well but what has happened has happened. The government seriously needs to come up with a more concrete plan to move forward with vaccination rates.
people don't hate the people who live in China, they hate their god awful government, a lot of people feel bad for people who live in China at times like this.
people don't know how to appreciate others in the service line until they have been in the service line themselves.
people during normal times wa being a doctor is good! auntie sick go find you ! people during covid siams
people explicitly against homosexuality are everywhere. Even in the government. Don't give too much credit to the will of the minority candidate in the opposition party.
people from other countries also need to deal with weddings, housing and retirement. In other cities, people may have roommates living with them to reduce housing costs. There are housing cost calculators that show that depending on your location, if you rent and put the extra money into investments averaging 7-10% per year index fund tracking the S&P 500, for example , you may not necessarily be financially worse off in the end. Everyday small purchases do add up. Take public transport instead of rideshare, and eat hawker food or cook instead of going to restaurants. Even if you save just, say, $100 per month from this and put it into retirement funds, it becomes hundreds of thousands of dollars in retirement due to compound interest. Some people opt to retire overseas, like in Johor or Thailand, to reduce costs.
people hate and threaten and ignore those of the LGBTQIA+ That's over exaggeration. Nobody gives a damn about lgbtwhatever. Yea, there may be some freaks, but majority doesn't care. And before you call us jesters, change your username . The only joker here is your backwards mindset and mentality. , that's typical - when you can't maintain a civil discussion, just try to attack personally. That's just pathetic Family is people supporting and loving and being there for each other. It isnt only biological Just because you want it to be so? Family has clear legal definition. And not legal as well. I may want sky ot be green as well, but it's going to be blue regardless of
people hate and threaten and ignore those of the LGBTQIA+. And those that arent in the perfect nuclear family arent represented and made to seem inferior and have negative stereotypes. And family isnt a union of two heterosexual people. Period. Family is people supporting and loving and being there for each other. It isnt only biological. And before you call us jesters, change your username . The only joker here is your backwards mindset and mentality.
people here shitting on the government when this fact is something that they don't want to hear as well. How many comments complaining about current restrictions whenever the daily case report comes up again? Dumbasses actually said Omnicron had little to no impact in the initial surge lmfao edit Some of the people replying here must be living under a rock the size of the moon if you think this current pressure on healthcare facilities is exclusive to Singapore. One of the issues stated in this very screenshot is nurses dropping out from burnout for fuck's sake
people like you on the front line, fighting the good fight, are what keeps our country moving in clusterfucks like these! Onwards!
people realizing they need to spend more time at home, upgrade bigger house, might need to short term rental before new house is ready reno etc. More young people moving out since they need to WFH and parent place might not accommodate everyone being home at the same time. Or they starting to value personal space now that they're spending more time at home.
people shitting on the populace for what is 90% a Putin war save for some retarded Soviet nationalists , can go FUCK themselves. It's 2022. Understand the FACT that the many are still being made to pay for the decisions of the few.
people talk about Operation Coldstore, but very few talk about Operation Spectrum basically a politically-motivated detention guised under a Marxist accusation by ISD. Many of the victims have written books and made films about the unfairness of the detention and the mistreatment they suffered under detention, even dropping names of the ISD officers many of whom rose to become PermSecs coincidentally . It speaks volumes that the government and people involved have not taken up any legal actions against slander or defamation when that is pretty much their go-to trick in the playbook.
people who are going to die from covid are going to die from covid. It's a matter of time because no-one is going to be able to escape exposure to the disease.
people who come here saying that these people don't mean to be racist . i know you mean well and you wanna defend people who probably dk what they're doing is wrong. BUT it starts with those people knowing or learning what they're doing or saying is wrong and blatantly racist. and i think that starts with telling people and not excusing them for what they're doing is wrong even though they don't mean to do it . that aside, i am Malay and through university and JC people kept telling me aw youre my first Malay friend you're not as bad as i thought . what am i supposed to be? proud of u? happy for u?
people who feel like shit e.g. treated like shit at work treat other people like shit. Basically taking out their frustration on those they feel superior to.
people who live on paycheck to paycheck spend money on luxuries rather than save, because in a poverty mindset it's better to spend what you have and enjoy it before it gets taken from you. It's a common psychological problem.
people who spend a lot on their wedding are more likely to overspend on other things as well. If you're not financially stable there's not much reason to hold a 25-30 table banquet at a 5-star hotel.
people who use cpf to pay for their mortgage but then complain their cpf accounts are empty are just goddamn idiots
people will argue how Malay is a race and being Muslim is a religion and one should not conflate both. But given how heavily both are intertwined, in Singapore context it should be assumed as such no? I mean if you want to argue that Malay ! Muslim, sure. Just find me a Malay food store that sells pork
people will hate and laugh at whatever they want. Whether it is right or not only changes how and when they display their feelings. But it won't change how they feel.
People's Action Party did this in the past when they were still fighting for power probably see all the incidents with opposition members . So it's probably not totally unexpected for them to resort to mudslinging when desperate. They were only tame on certain occasions lastime probably because they were still comfortably in power
People's Action Party is such a joke, every other country is living like they were pre- covid, while People's Action Party still wants us to wear mask. 90% vaccinated, restrictions for what? What a disgrace Also Our healthcare workers are suffering so badly so poor thing. Our healthcare system is really under strain, but our ministers keep telling us everything is fine, what a disgrace
people, especially retail customers are the worst. A girl at my old job had to leave half way through her shift because a comment upset her pretty bad. She was 17 and has a hand deformity and some old pervy dickhead said 'at you least have a pretty face' after grimacing at her hand.
Perfectly timed the post-ICT surveys just before out-pro, when all the reservists have in mind is to FO from camp asap. Coupled with questions that ask you to elaborate why if you disagree or answer no. You just agree to everything just to submit and head back to your waiting duffel bag, ready to outpro
Perhaps due to lacking reading comprehension skills. I never said it was easy, merely that the environment attracts unsavory business types along with the good. It's the same reason loads of Russians have assets in London.
Perhaps it's best you avoid threads about the incident. I'm sorry you had to experience such a horrible tragedy, but people will talk and there isn't much you can do about it. Best look out for yourself and avoid talk about it.
Perhaps just have simple ROM and enjoy the cost savings and nightmare of planning or relatives. Can always celebrate next time. May not be worth delaying and putting off your married lives or even children.
Perhaps the June holidays will be brought forward now that the rules are tightening and schools are progressively moving to home based learning
Perhaps the vaccine was a factor. Means more get it without symptoms but pass it on. Means hidden cases only now caught by testing.
Perhaps the writer should have justified it would have been wrong for such accusations to take place? Why? Anyone with sense would know that racism is wrong. Duh. You really need to get over yourself and admit that you're just trying to pick bones out of an egg. The biryani comment is silly but he could've been joking, you're fixating on it way too hard because you're obsessed with proving that the original comment is racist. Which it is not.
Perhaps they will update the app so it checks your vax status when you scan the QR code and does not let you check in at all, just shows an error. That would be the simplest I think.
Perhaps to offer some consolation, I do think there has been a wider appreciation of multiculturalism and progressive mindset. While on the surface, there are still many racist jokes being told especially amongst the younger generations, looking at you polytechnic and JC peeps , it is mostly satirical to mock the genuine racist or the more conservative mindsets perpetuated by older generations. Now, does that make it okay to make racist jokes just because it's satirical? No. Of course not. But the humor stems from a disconnect with the increasingly progressive mindset. I do believe in the near future, these jokes would cease to be the social norm. It's not even appropriate to make racist jokes out in the open anymore but only behind closed doors, which I think is a step in the right direction. There's also a wider level of educated youths being exposed to the internet and various cultures through social media. The exposure and understanding of people different from us is essential to progressive growth. We will get there in due time. Of course it's easy for me as a Chinese to comfort you and say, hey it'll get better. But I think the only thing we can do as youths of Singapore is to self-educate the importance of social issues and try not to fall into the same pattern of behaviors prior to our generation.
Personal anecdote as well - i think there is also a bug that isnt covid going around. My whole family got sick but everyone tested negative, so have to go doctor for mc.
personally caifan is quite hit or miss for me. i think only 3 or 10 caifan stalls in Singapore are considered good. the rest are just extremely , barely edible taste wise, only good for sustenance. i dont enjoy eating them at all. i'd eat anything at hawker except caifan
Personally i feel that students who take on retail part-time jobs are more down to earth than students who decide to work an office job at 16 or 17. Probably because they realise how stuck up people can be over the type of school one goes to. I used to work at NUSS where there are tons of stuck-up people who dine at the restaurant i worked at because they're alumni and or or smart enough to get into NUS. It baffles me how they study so much, yet they don't know how to be decent polite human beings. Sorry just a little rant .
Personally I'd rather go to a European country instead of the US. Maybe its just the media but since Im a person of colour I would probably be discriminated against.
personally or medically? Personally I would say at least a minimum of 21 or 20 at the very least. To be honest with you, I have made decisions at 16 - 17 that made me go why the heck did i do that? when i think back on what i did. So i wouldn't want someone to make a life changing decision at 17, only to regret their choice when they hit their 20s. But ultimately it is their decision whether or not they want to do so. Medically? i wouldn't know, but from a Sermo poll platform for doctors or physicians if you will says, the majority seems to say the minimum age should be 21.
Personally quite a few of my relatives are islamaphobic the irony is that they complain about people being racist to them too Just crazy!
Personally still slightly young to vote. But other than that seems interesting. The guy Jamus, honestly hope he gets a seat at least.
Personally, I feel the bar for when it's okay to be rude is quite high. It doesn't cost me anything to be civil to people. I can walk away from a salesperson just as fast with a smile as with a frown. Ideally I can go through my day without any moments that I would be ashamed of if I saw a quick clip taken out of context. Be decent all the time and you might be surprised how kind the world is to you.
Personally, i see it more as whats the point of bringing a life into this world at all. But yes, agree with you OP
Perth person here! Maybe because we're so damn isolated yet relatively close that we would have no idea who they were Anecdotally it's cool having so many Malay and Singaporean people I know having previously studied in Perth or know a lot about us. It's a nice difference to the usual of people only knowing about Sydney and Melbourne '
pharmacy i was interning at average wait time was like 1 to 2hour ish plus i heard last week 20 staff around there got covid i did too so the rest left was stretched thin. my intern is over, but i'm still worried about the healthcare in general
Phase 1.5. in my opinion the better way than full lockdown. As long as many non-essential businesses can remain open to keep a portion of the economy going. Biggest thing right now is still schools all of them have to be de facto under lockdown right now only exception like practical lessons like my Engineering classes should be allowed to be remain carried out albeit in much smaller groups.
Phase 2 Heightened Alert . I'm not even kidding. Fuck this doublespeak , own up to your mistakes and call it another fucking cheebye.
Pick shrek, since shrek by definition is already denied majority vote, small space minister is still under the party whip and cant in any way vote no. Voting shrek meant lightning has less volts and hopefully enough for noblankcheque. P.S. still gonna feel super dirty doing it though.
pity Koh Choon Yong not running this time round - he had been doing the translations for WP.
planners probably still jack off to the 6 day war even though its geographical context is completely different here
Please add other news sources as a reply to this comment. We'll be removing duplicate threads.
Please advise if there is any way ordinary people who are reading this, can help. Like offering to buy food, deliver food to you, etc. There will always be people who act out in fear, but there will also be people who want to help.
please be careful of scams. agree that this salesperson seems very shady. my aunt had a similar experience too.
Please do not disrespect our mighty scholars. They are the best of the best of the best
Please do not give People's Action Party a free vote just because the opposition is not WP. Compare what the new MP could bring to the table versus another new People's Action Party MP.
Please do not speculate anything. There are many parents still worried about the whole situation. Please wait out for credible news sources.
Please don't do that. Voting is our right, exercise it. You may dislike both but there will definitely be some reason to pick one over the other however weak that reason may be.
Please don't ever key in your bank account details for anything that you're unsure of. Wake up, there are all sorts of scams everywhere. This Storytel thing sounds like a scam too. Once you provide your details to ANYONE, your money is at stake. Don't let anyone else have the opportunity to take what's yours. Either you safeguard it till death or others will try to steal it from you.
Please don't use this picture or at least state that this picture was taken in 2021 when he was inspecting the front lines
Please explain what else they can do to prevent this shitstorm from happening short of nato entering which would be castrophobic . Or do you mean this is perfectly fine because the west ? There's a time and place for everything, and this is not it.
Please get out of your echo chambers and not be so self centred. No one is muzzling anyone for their right to free speech, but I do not want your civil disobedience aka protest to spiral out of control and cause me inconvenience or affect the country's economy, or personal safety given this is covid . I am in favor of the controls on protests. For the actual topic of 377A, it's not like this topic is not debated or discussed before, even in parliament and the courts etc. The fact is that there are larger considerations at play, and we cannot simply just descend into a situation where we give in to a vocal minority who shouts the loudest - otherwise the whole playing field becomes a shouting match of whose voice is loudest.
please give some idea of what we may be looking forward to after National Day So far this MMTF showed us that words don't mean anything and the sad thing is that we all knew that we will go back to phase 2 somehow. Because actions is what matters and the actions taken so far have all but been repressive. 2 weeks ago they mentioned about SHN being possible at home or even not needed at all at some point. 2 weeks later we are back to phase 2. Indeed we got a community cluster like never before probably. But let vaccinated people live their lives unless there are other rules that we aren't aware of. Every communication includes words like if, maybe, could, possibly, potentially and any other adjectives you can thing off. Now sure how much longer most people can take this. But agree with your view otherwise.
Please let as many people as possible know your reason for leaving. Especially if they have ties to the government.
Please Ong Ye Kung is way worse, not to mention JoTeo or did you scrub her from your mind. Non achiever is already better than being a screw up. Atleast VB handled Singapore's image of covid response well as the foreign minister. Every single CNBC interview he gave has been well spoken and represents Singapore stance well on the international stage, while those two are completely floundering in Singapore.
Please retract the sanctions. We shouldn't take sides and poke our nose in other countries business. Don't forget what happened to our tanks. It isn't good for Singapore
please search up on deaths caused by falling bullets. One of my lecturers in university was Australia's chief of army during the Iraq war, and he was telling us a story about how one day he was at the base giving a speech to some troops when suddenly a bullet drops a couple of centimetres in front of him. If he was stood just one step forward, he would've died. That bullet came from a wedding not too far away where all the guys were celebrating by shooting their AKs in the air.
Please stay positive and strong. Although I only have words to offer but without folks like yourself the nation will not be able to get out of this.
Please take care of yourself, and look out for your fellow schoolmates too TT. It must be a really overwhelming and tiring day.
Please take care of yourself. I hope all of you and your classmates are doing ok
Please take care, its really traumatising. Do seek help from the adults around you if you cant bear the emotional and mental stress.
Please tell me someone actually did press the emergency buttons instead of all just filming it.
Plenty of my friends have saved over 100k in their 20s polytechnic grad, some even 200k-300k or are on the way to a higher salary of over 5k or month which would easily grant them a comfortable retirement if they invest that salary university grads . Housing is pretty cheap anyway, BTOs cost 200k-400k which some couples can pay for in cash but choose to stall it out because interest is dirt cheap and you could make more money off investing. I have no idea how some people go into their 50s with nothing but a HDB to their name.
Plenty of other countries with safety and stability can conduct peaceful protests. Its an empty argument when its illegal to see the other side of the coin.
Plot twist, ya boss left before you because he won the 16m. Happens in life
pls the Russian rep had no emotion with his speech. The rapping translator had more emotion with her voices even when she is rapping
Pls to petition for Ministry of National Development to distribute funds equitably to opposition wards too! The people there pay taxes like us all ordinary Singaporeans. Read AHTC received the least funding from MND for CIPC Community Improvement Projects Committee funds
Plus no MC or leave allowed, or your incentive which is included in the 3200 will be gone.
Plus, with housing and HDB waits, who wants to make a baby with their spouse or significant other with their parents in the room next door?
Pm don't wanna blame them on TV ma. I'm sure in private they are like fuck these guys, must be illiterate cannot read evidence.
Point 04 we had better see those feminists that want equality of outcomes to step up and serve in some way if we have a crisis.
Point 3 already happened. Loads of boomers sniffing up Tik Tok nonsense and thinking that Putin is justified.
Police also run ? I dunno what he expect police to have. +1 respawn chance and immunity to blades? Police got this perk? I also wan, maybe should sign on.
Police and armed forces in Singapore are trained to use firearms adhering to the AOJ protocol Ability to cause death or severe injury Opportunity to cause death or severe injury Officer or Person in Jeopardy The man was wielding a knife and as a policeman, he's trained to match the force used by the man. The knife is lethal as it could be thrown and dangerous in close quarters for obvious reasons. Not all officers are equipped with tasers, though all are equipped with guns correct me if im wrong . Reason being, tasers require higher upkeep and it's also more effective for a taser to be used at a further distance due to its effective range. The man w the knife was already in such a close proximity to the policeman, if I were the policeman, I'd also rather not be the one that'll be incapacitated. edit At least to me, it makes sense for all trained officers to carry a gun because having to use a gun is a surefire way to make sure your perpetrator is neutralised. Tasers once fired, require immediate arrest tackle and handcuff , because the immobility is not permanent. edit 2 There're also civilians around. Policeman made the right call under stress.
police in my old hometown shot dead a knife-wielding perp after he stabbed a k9 officer. It was probably a fusillade The officer was rushed to the vet where he died of his injuries. rest in peace.
Police officers carry 10 rounds on them while on duty and weapon is only drawn if danger is imminent to them, their partner or members of public. No warning shot is allowed and when an officer shoots is usually to kill already. The knife wielding guy is lucky he got away with an arm shot, could have lost his life there. Source Was a Police fulltime national serviceman
Police released statement. Was a gunshot. edit Muzzle flashes won't always be visible. The time it takes a phone camera to fully capture a frame is too slow. Usually for multiple shots fired, not all muzzle flashes visible on camera. Ain't the same as in movies.
Policies like this are extremely harmful. Some of these non-heterosexual children will feel like something is wrong with them. This letter specifically infers that they are unhealthy . They'll develop insecurities, anxieties and some of them will contemplate suicide. If you can't see how harmful this is then I'd ask you to talk to any homosexual person or LGBTQ individual about their experience growing up. We all have to challenge these narratives.
Polymer is great, I've had a 2SGD bill in my wallet since I studied abroad in Singapore 3 years ago and it still holds up. The only downside to polymer is that it doesn't smell like m o n e y
Ponzi Ponzi is one of the worse thing around because most of the victims esp the older ones really have the genuinely wish to improve their life financially yes some are simply greed and it hurts me to see them getting cheated like that
Poor dude. He's gonna have lots of financial burdens and mouths to feed back home in Russia and Ukraine, with the Russian economy all but certain to be destroyed, he's gonna have to send lots of money back to his relatives.
Poor financial education and aspirations exceeding means. The former can blame parents and government. The latter is self reflection. Very few 21 year olds are equipped to immediately start adulting .
Poor kid was forced to burn his weekends rehearsing stupid shit for a stupid parade. This is the culmination of that.
poor Ukrainians citizens who are the real victims that have been caught in between US or Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Russia. stop using Ukrainians as your proxy. leave them alone. bring your war elsewhere.
Possibly, I have no doubt this happens to some people, I merel question the validity of this story. It's as valid as those NUS confession stories
Post was well-written, don't see anything inappropriate, rude, or anything to reasonably be offended by. Nothing to apologise for!
Post- World War Two if we were to limit it geographically to Singapore. Boomers had it good, reaping the rewards of our country going from third world to first.
PR only allows you to long term residence within Singapore. You should be more concerned about re-entry permit which needs to be renewed every X years. Each renewal period depends on how long you stayed in Singapore prior. I guess if you want to stay overseas for long term, it might make more sense to get a SC and passport. Having to worry about the re-entry permit is the actual hassle.
Practice looking at them, smiling nicely and shaking your head. You need to be firm, but it doesn't mean you have to be rude. Be nice and firm, and that generally discourages them from talking with you any further. You have to learn to say no. Otherwise just ignore them and walk also can.
Preach sister. Retail sales is one of the most hardcore things anyone could do, you gotta have high EQ and IQ to maintain composure to rude customers, think fast and convincingly to close a sale. Maybe it's a bit different for books, but it's tiring, emotionally draining work. You're probably getting more social skills out of working here than any of the top-tier school kids who don't work until they're out of university.
Precisely! And countries that have functioning economy won't risk opening their border with us if we don't have our shit together. How is that good for economy?
Precisely. It is difficult to determine the borderline cases which may require a&e. From my current understanding, a fever of at least 40 Degree Celsius is the threshold where symptoms are considered moderate to severe. It is difficult to make a proper decision if my family member is running above 39 degrees. Should I make the call at 39.9 degrees? How about 39.8 degrees? Should I take the risk and wait while he or she is at 39.5 degrees? Many redditors who simply deride people who seek treatment at a&e for mild symptoms probably should reflect the complexity faced by those who have mild covid. The symptoms may be mild initially, but things may escalate from zero to hundred within a short span of time. Should the individuals or their families take a gamble and leave it to fate, especially during night time when nearby GPs may not be operating? I honestly don't think people are frivolously seeking treatment at a&e. The risk of catching covid is higher than a GP and the fees are higher than a GP. If they do so, it is likely because they legitimately think that there is high possibility their symptoms might get worse and they do not want to risk it.
Precisely. people say it's because safety was added only after the values were made , that's why it's at the bottom and how the fuck is that a good thing, if that value wasn't considered initially And the values are arranged in descending order in importance level ask any WO and they will confirm this , which puts loyalty to country at the top and care for soldiers or safety AT THE VERY BOTTOM.
Precisely. Snowflakes with a persecution complex will report you to the police for wounding their religious feelings.
Preliminary investigations revealed that the 16-year-old teenager was previously seen as a patient at the Institute of Mental Health IMH . In 2019, the police attended to an incident of attempted suicide involving the then 14-year-old. Following the incident, he was taken into custody for his safety and subsequently referred to IMH for assessment. He was then discharged. Given the circumstances, we are submitting that he requires psychiatric evaluation. Why did the Dr discharged him then? How should parents, teachers, classmates or school support a child who is struggling mentally? So many questions.
Pretty rich coming from someone who hates CCP and has been consistently talking shit about China nationals.
Pretty sure flahhh is the proper queens English pronunciation which we as Singaporean, and our education system, subscribe to. So it's actually the 'right' pronunciation get your facts straight brother
pretty sure ICA do have a staff assistant role to be honest. Is matter of want or don't want
Pretty sure if conversion therapy quacks were allowed to do it they'd do it. From what i know of conversion therapy, it doesn't sound like it's all too different anyway
Pretty sure it would have been more devastating to just full mount the guy instead of throwing elbows from the side. Dude skipped his bjj classes.
Price depreciation from lease decay is not linear. The first 10 years of a lease is worth a lot more than the last 10 years of a lease. So for newer flats, you will see their value increase if it's in a good location since price depreciation from lease decay is slow. Especially now, when there's a huge mismatch in demand and supply, prices are gonna appreciate even more than lease decay. If you compare 2 flats in the same location, you will generally find that the older flats are cheaper.
Pride and face project and tai-chi away responsibility are more important than the actual issue it seems
prior to covid, our hospitals were already pretty packed due to some people not planning for increase in population. ntf and ktph are fairly new hospitals but there's still a great need.
Prior to this post my comments on other posts met a similar fate too, can't do anything about them but I've given you my upvote!
Pritam Singh has been so classy and impressive. Thank you to you voters of Aljunied who voted for WP.
Private clinics around 11+ I heard full for today already. Can die at home. Self test positive only record in the system but not recognised officially. What a nice trick to get people to upload their self test so that they dun overwhelm the clinics.
Privilege to serve cannot be measured in pay and allowances but MPs contribution sure can measure gao gao else lose face and cannot face industry leaders
Pro tip to all those looking for wedding rings Natural moissanite is rarer than diamonds but can be synthesized relatively cheaply. More brilliant than diamonds and almost as hard. Bought a trinity engagement ring totaling over 1 carat for only several hundred and 2k plus sing dollars for a 2.2 carat trinity wedding ring. The guy Bob who makes them in Singapore doesn't rent retail space and passes the savings on to the customers. Sources the moissanite from Charles and Covard and you can buy standard designs or get him to customize. His contact should be among the top few links if you Google in Singapore.
Probably because before you arrest someone for causing hurt, you need probable cause and it was easier to arrest him for public nuisance and figure out the assault investigation later. End of the day, same result.
Probably because it also includes Bangladesh, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka and not just India. These variants have already spread to surrounding countries.
Probably because Russia seems to be rushing to reestablish the Soviet bloc again with all their land grab this past decade
Probably better off saving the few hundred thousand dollars that would have been spent on the kid, investing it, and using that money in retirement. You might want to ask them the same question
Probably don't have different kind of awards and are trying to get the post as popular as possible
Probably following SOP. One of my teachers in secondary school had an accident just outside the school and the principal instructed everyone during assembly not to respond to any media outlets.
Probably gonna be downvoted but yeah. In exchange for 'freedom' we get safety and stability which is better for the population as a whole
Probably need to change to full grown araipama instead of keeping koi. Then the otters might become free food.
Probably never had to knock it down once in his arduous journey to be a BG.
Probably no one good enough to debate in Chinese? Low thia kiang normally fills that void, guess they don't have anyone they feel would do well in that debate
Probably one of the otter families exploring their territory, wandering around and stumbling upon ridiculously easy targets. I mean, if you're a fish-eating animal, between chasing tilapia up and down the river, or going after fat, slow-moving, highly visible koi stuck in a small pond, it's obvious which one's the easier choice.
Probably pointless. The demo that can't understand English and only knows Mandarin is also pretty firmly People's Action Party.
Probably same as Indonesia. They have people manning entrances at malls. Better than having someone at every restaurant checking.
Probably soon enough, and reputable streaming services will actually carry it soon enough if Diam Diam Era serves as a guide.
Probably thats the whole point of why he was elected or put in power. Good optics.
Probably the legend of the 7 Bugis kings who sailed out of Sulawesi is true Most of the Polynesian and South American tribes have similar looks with people in the Malay archipelago.
Probably. When I read it I didn't think much. I just feel sad if it's real.
Probably? Gerald is a devout Christian. Also very pro-life. He disagrees with the People's Action Party on economic issues and also wants more transparency which is why he joined the opposition. But he is also very socially conservative so is probably pro-377A. Its just that he does not have the avenue to raise those points.
Problem detected. This is why the world is taking so much time to improve. Oh we make life tough for you? Deal with it, it's a norm and fact . Excellent stuff
Problem is none in the goevernment has walked the ground before. So they dont understand the problem.
Problem is some of these parents have huge ego. You think they'd listen to a 16 years old teenager who hasn't got any working experience? And bless them for throwing terms like strawberry generation . Every generation has their own challenges. Improvement in tech or easier life.
Problem is that SERS is still around and VERS is coming soon. So a lot of ambiguity there.
Problem is that the older generation healthcare professionals who have been through will complain strawberry generation
problem is that when a country changes its laws, it is done so with the consensus of the majority of their parliament or equivalent . the members of the parliament are usually elected by the people, and therefore the decision to change the law is ideally representative of the will of the people. if it were the AG deciding if and when to enforce, then the decision ultimately lies with the AG, who is not elected and usually only answerable to the heads of state and government. therefore, this decision is only representative of these 2-3 people. obviously changing laws through parliament is the more democratic way of doing things.
Problem is with Government's ambiguity when addressing this issue. If they openly and firmly confirm that your house is worthless after lease runs out, we will see a shift in the markets. However, they are unwilling to put that out in fear of reprisal from the boomers.
Protests that coincided with the early days of the People's Action Party helped us gain independence and other civil rights too. And we still perceive peaceful protest as harmful today?
Protip get a bunch of 2k IDR notes in Indonesia, they're 20 cents each and are serviceable loo paper. Don't ask me how I know.
PSA 2 people limit means dating is still a go. Just cannot going for dinner food dates
PSA download the app, link your paylah to it, and then when you flag a cab just scan its QR code to pay electronically. its worth saving a few CC miles or points or cashback. u dont really need it
Public transportation continues to be safe. Might as well set up malls and f&b in bus and MRT
Public trust and confidence related 1. NKF CEO 2005 - money used for personal use - supposedly charismatic leaders 2. Renci Monk 2007 - money used for personal use - supposedly charismatic leaders 3. City Harvest 2010 - money used for personal use - 1. supposedly charismatic leaders 4. 38 Oxley 2017 - inheritance, last wishes of deceased 5. Nassim Jade 1996 - discounts to select group 6. AWARE 2009 - takeover by christian group by stealth 7. SGH Renal Ward 2015 - 8 deaths of transplant patients, 12 staff disciplined 8. Gag order on serial molester - victims forced the hands of the court with AG's help 9. 26 Faulty Chinese trains 2016 - revealed by HK activists using drone in Spore 10. Systemic SMRT operational failures - removal of 2 CEOs in succession 11. SMRT bus strike 2012 - first strike after 26 years 12. Little India Riots 2013 - Inability of Police to handle, CNB investigates Police failure
Pull out bright future card Yes, this guy got a bright future in the SAF, need more fighters in there. I am being sarcastic
Punggol otter family - the mum otter passed away on national day, prior to that, three of the five pups went missing, presumably dead. Dad otter taking care of the two pups left. It's a tough life sometimes.
Purely speculation but this is usually seen as suicide by police, there are people that can't bring themselves to do it so they purposely threaten a police officer to get them to use lethal force
Putin's methods to defend Russia's borders and interest must be condemn but not by imposing sanctions that results in the sufferings of average Russians the average Russian have taken far too much blame in things they have no decision over. they didn't choose to be born in a post cold War Russia. Direct the hate to the right people or organisation, if you want to hate.
Putins a mad man who thinks himself as a Lenin or a genghis Khan type character. He wants to be in the record books for some reason and I'm sure he will but for the wrong reasons.
Putting your mental health first is a great way to start. One fairly good management technique I learnt is to screw the KPIs. they can't do anything to you even if you don't hit them. You just gotta do what you know is best for the patient. I hope you don't lose the passion you had when you first decided to take up a degree in this field All the best
python or monitor lizard eats a pet, everyone freaks out. otter does it, no one cares.
Qn when using the comfort app to book taxi, will the price roughly be equal to call cab fee? Aka a few bucks more than street hail?
QTCs and CTCs are open. Google if you don't know what I mean. Free for now.
Quarantine has always been for close contacts. And people coming in from overseas always had to serve SHN. A lot of misinformation here.
quit crying about trans people, they're not bothering anyone. If people are trans then let them be trans without shaming them
quite a relevant post for the millenials , given the advent of disparity between parents and children . many youngsters like u mention struggle to reconcile paying for rent when they have an existing place to live , the rental money is quite substantial and could be use for repayment of mortgage . however if the toxicity at home is too much to bear sometimes we are still quite disabled and afraid of change. i am also suffering in a toxic environment whereby i am in loggerheads with my parents over different issues and it can be quite draining and affects my work. my current solution which is more budget friendly is trying to stay out as much as i can to avoid conflict.however i dont have much friends outside so when i am outside i am like a wandering spirit with not much purpose walking around aimlessly. i forsee the journey to my own space wont not be so soon unless there is a miracle , getting a partner this time and age is competitive . hence i can only wait after 35 , if i wan to get build-to-order the average wait time is 5 years provided that i am lucky enough to get a ballot ticket. as the world get more and more populated and resources are scare the competition will just get tighter. i just hope humanity greed wont eventually run itself to destruction in the journey of extraction.
Quite insane to think that whatever measures we had before this week were basically working for a year but it only took a single week for the Indian variant to shut society down
Quite surprised i read the whole thing and i largely agree with it to be honest. A nation is built on stories underlying a common identity. However, i really must point out that in the grand scheme of things Singapore is still reallyyyyy young. Consider this - before there was a Ukraine, there were Ukranians. 50+ years ago before there was Singapore were there Singaporeans? I wouldnt be so quick to count us out just yet. Only time will tell the stories we will tell.
Race as well. Condos are easy as long as you have money but if you stay in HDB or with your landlord then you may encounter issues. If you smoke don't bother with HDBs.
Racism. There is no other reason for it. To treat them as other is, and always has been, the true face of this government.
Rad photo man! I went to Singapore for the first time last year.such a cool country! I took a photo that was kind of like this. I like it
Raeesah smear actually backfired on them Anyway I actually feel like social media could swing marginal races like with Sengkang GRC
Rally round the flag effect, Ng Chee Meng x Lam Pin Min and still bottled it
randomly attack the first person who enters the toilet That's fucked. reminds me of tsujigiri, where samurai would test a new katana by killing a random, unsuspecting person in the middle of the night.
Rare in Singapore, only in early morning or a heavy downpour does it gets cool enough.
Rather risky though, considering the G has sued foreign news media for such pieces in the past and won the lawsuits
Rather than a joke, it seems like it was said out of frustration since LMW seem to be hitting around the bush with vague answers.
Read 120 of the judgment summarising the effect of the doctrine of substantive legitimate expectations. See also the paragraphs leading up to 154 . The way the doctrine operates is to protect the expectations of persons who have relied on the government's stated policy, who would be adversely affected by action inconsistent with it. So someone who committed a s 377A offence before the AG's notice of a change in policy would not be liable.
read the post liao I already think smlj what kind of stupid qn is this. somemore can flag as serious discussion. op you got brain not ?
Read what I wrote carefully. Not disagreeing with you that people who can get vaccinated should. There are many reasons why people should get vaccinated chiefly for their own protection , but herd immunity is not one of them at this point. Vaccines are effective in terms of reducing severe disease but not transmissibility at this point due to - as mentioned - the Delta variant .
Reading comments by childfree couples here, I just want to affirm, I don't think there's anything wrong with being selfish - that society's judgement but not mine. It's totally ok to want to avoid burdens, go travel, live a free life etc. You're entitled to what's yours. As an analogy If you're a self-made millionaire you don't owe poor people anything beyond paying taxes to the government to take care of the country . Similarly, you don't owe this country any kids in this case, substitute poor people for this nation's desperately low TFR . Still, hats off to the parents, esp those who had kids on their own free will not due to social pressure! It's natural, fine and human to be selfish. But it transcends human nature to be selfless.
Reading this I've come to a grim realisation that I've been erasing my own culture. I was born in India but moved here in primary 1. Dad a Singaporean applied for my citizenship all my life but I only got it recently AFTER completing NS aka after the period of time all the subsidies and bursaries for my school fees would have made a world of difference. Anyway, I remember hating putting coconut oil to school because the smell of my hair grossed people out. I didn't want to be different from the majority. And people will make fun of me for not being Singaporean like them, which was so weird. Like I grew up here just like they did. I saw myself as one of them. It was just a sad feeling in the back of my mind. Like I felt shame when I had to put 'Indian' for my nationality on any form I had to fill. And even when my sister goes to school and my mom does her pigtails, I make fun of her. I'll make a remark that her hair is too long, or I'll say she should just wear her hair in a regular pony tail since it's easier and looks better. I cringe at myself now, but I really didn't want her to be insecure in school because children can be really mean. Ironically my remarks probably fed into her insecurities more. It's just so frustrating to live in this clusterfuck country sometimes. It's like everyone wants to make a snark comment on something or rather. And some people are downright malicious in their views thinking it's alright to think the way they think behind closed doors. Even after I got my citizenship it didn't really feel good. Like I didn't care and it didn't mean as much as it should have. I'm just numb and apathetic to it all.
Reading through some of the comments honestly make me sick. Rather than reflecting on oneself or suggesting on what we can change, people are justifying their actions and telling OP to change her mindset to accept. Saying kids will be kids is bs. My best friend at 7yo was a Sikh girl, she was the sweetest person I ever knew. Kids on the school bus were making fun of our friendship and sub-consciously it was eating into me and I was feeling conscious about being seen with her. But lucky for me, my dad has always encouraged me to make friends with everyone and to not bother about people. What OP is bringing to attention is that racism in Singapore exist and even if its to a small audience, we can be conscious and make changes to ourselves.
reading thru this thread makes me realise we need Totally not racist at all I am being sarcastic
Reading your comment and OP's thread makes me feel horrible as a Chinese . I think the racists regardless of what race they are are giving everyone else a bad name. Racists are certainly not limited to any single race I know because I encountered anti-Chinese racism too. . I've always hated my race Please don't. I always feel that malay people are beautiful and wonderful folks. I have very good memories of malay folks throughout my life. If you're dating someone who don't appreciate you, perhaps you should consider someone else who appreciates you for who you are. This is the same for OP, if you're hanging out with people who makes you feel uncomfortable, then find new people to hang out with. Life is too short to endure your time with people who are too judgmental. If you ever feel frustrated, please reach out to me for a chat.
Reading your post, I am going to say that the biggest reason why we see racism is because of education at a younger age. Childrens' minds are very moldable, and the ideals we set in them could very well stay with them for a lifetime. The parents that teach racist ideals, were probably exposed to racism at a younger age, and is no part of their psyche. With the digital age, it has kinda become a kampung of sorts everyone is free to speak their mind and everyone can freely share themselves. This has helped us flesh out the problems and grievances we have, without fear of retaliation. But many of our older generation don't really know how to access this digital kampung . Although OP is venting out to many people, it is nothing but a small pocket of Singapore. I feel that in order to really bring out social change, we must be willing to host open meetings in Chan Chun Sing with members of differing races and religions, where people are not afraid to share their opinions, regardless of whether they are racist or not. This way, we are able to clear out racist and religionist doubts, and open up an actual discussion.
Real question, why should the judiciary care about what the legislative branch thinks, they're two different branches
Real story or not, let's all remember to be human to each other in this time of need.
Real talk, I got my wife's one for 1.5k last time and it was considered a bargain by many of our friends or colleagues their nice way of saying I'm cheap , but my wife really liked it so fuck em.
Real talk? The world has always been racist, and will always be. some places are better or worse than others. but saying people are racist doesnt help or add to the conversation your entire post is saying im sorry that happened to you but other people have it worse . its condescending and rude at the very least.
realistically if that happens, they would probably appease the masses with something about violating public order, low priority n wtv. long term they would slowly charge each of them with some obstruction of justice thing with either a fine or warning at best
Realistically no degree in Singapore at this point for most youngsters is economical suicide if you're planning to go the corporate route and work for a company, unless you're in IT. polytechnic pay I think is barely 2.5k starting at most, and you will 100% be passed up for promotions in the long run. Actually don't need to think so much, young adults in 20s looking for jobs that are not in NTU or SMU or NUS alr got screwed by the algorithm in job interviews, dk how screwed my kids will b in future.
Realistically speaking, I don't see how schools have the manpower to properly deal with these. A few burdensome parents is enough to overwhelm teachers who are already working 10+ hours on weekdays and sometimes encroaching on their weekends. It's a very real problem but I can't think of a clear solution. It's not easy to find enough strong willed and motivated people to be teachers.
Really , your first instinct is to ask a person who lived thier whole life here to go back , back where. If that was the case everyone needs to pack up and go back to thier respective countries they ethnically belong to leaving only the indigenous people of Singapore like the bugis people.
Really awesome! Words from a small country like us still can pack a punch and impact others!
Really catch-22. Singapore depends on foreign labour to build houses or blue-collar jobs due to government policies, refused to build surplus of houses but rather build-to-order or implement minimum wage so that blue-collar jobs like waitresses or construction worker can earn a livable wage, now they're blaming Singaporeans for being overly dependent on foreign labour - so we better suck thumb and let them in, regardless if they are from high-risk countries or not. Come on, we can't do anything but let the government tell us what to do and how to feel - we can't look for alternative housing solutions because private property is so expensive, public housing is controlled by the government policies so what can I say if I want to buy a house built by people who are paid proper wages? We can't take blue-collar jobs because government wants to train us to do PMET jobs, and blue-collar jobs don't earn a livable wage in Singapore. What are we supposed to do? Seriously - I want to help better our society and reduce how reliant we are on foreign labour - but it's literally impossible to do so in Singapore because of the policies put in place. What is a 20+ year old like me suppose to do?
Really comments-you-can-hear shit right here lmfao And of course, care for soldiers at the very bottom. Lowest priority . Never gets old
Really dig the art style and world. Combat's pretty fun, but I definitely struggle with positioning correctly in melee to use skills and not accidentally attack which I could not interrupt with a skill use . I also found if I held a movement down with Alt, I also couldn't interrupt it with a skill use. Allowing skills to interrupt movement and attacking unless queued, obviously would be a great QoL. Any plans for direct movement rather than mouse or pathfinding based? I'd love it as an alternative. Given how inaccurate mouse movement can be, I found I'd miss with some skills as the assassin or blood character since the aoes were a little tiny. It might be strange but the thought of just having to Hold down left click for the entirety of the game turns me off a little bit. Maybe allowing Click to perform the full path instead of Hold would alleviate this issue. Also not knowing where my character is walking and why - maybe symbols of where you click or what your path is would help .
really dont get this phenomena. come early leave early if work finish, come late leave late if u still got work.
Really enjoyed her fighting spirit and all the fight backs. Holding her own against world 1 and 3 is something amazing already.
Really enjoyed this debate, I think we should have it translated and shared among the wider Singaporean audience. Good to have people engaged in national issues.
Really feel for all those involved in the Ukraine war. Seriously, Putin is still hiding in his room while people are fighting one another.
Really feel like it's a testament to LTK's courage and foresight too. No 'we aren't ready for an Indian leader' nonsense from the WP. He saw talent and wasn't afraid to cultivate it, then hand over the reins. Also branched out tremendously from their historical base to capture the hearts of a younger generation.
Really inspiring to see her keep fighting back when her opponent was in front On a side note, who else got really annoyed at the freaking commentator. It couldn't have been more obvious he was a Ito fanboy. My god was he really irritating to listen to
Really late to this post but ill share anyway. Currently interning for my last year in polytechnic in housekeeping, and the looks from some guests really puts you in a shitty mood. Little do they even know that im not doing badly as my Cumulative GPA is in the high 3's. There are so many people in this world who really treat the people who do 'undesirable' jobs as non-human. If not for these people, where would the clean rooms you stay in come from?
Really not my point here. I'm just hoping people can engage in meaningful political discourse without relying heavily on loaded terms that don't serve that purpose. A situation where we're too busy putting others down instead of critically considering qualities wouldnt be ideal. Just hoping we don't go down the slope like US with their insane party politics.
Really sad for this. Have been slowly regaining my strength after an accident and was happy with my progress so far. Maybe we should really look into home exercise machines
Really sorry you have to go through this! Hearing these recounts from our fellow Singapore minority races make me so ashamed of us and it has become one of my personal agendas to educate my ill informed or racist family members and of course, future generation that this is NOT okay. Hope we'd get to see Singapore progress into one race and that's just Singaporean but I also hope we preserve each culture fiercely because it's just lovely and uniquely Singapore to be surrounded by all the different races, religions and cultures, and the mostly importantly THE FOOD I really don't understand why we gotta complicate things! Ugh I'm ashamed and sorry. - fellow Singaporean Chinese.
Really you follow any religion you CANT do a variety of things, but if you don't have any religion you can do what you want. So why should we? Growing up all I heard was what I couldn't do, say, read, watch, listen too. It's exhausting.
really, if she was allowed to come back she won't? Pls la. Quarantine measures should be updated? Sure. You're saying like it's either ban or open all doors to everyone coming, but there's obviously more nuance to that. Banning anyone from returning? Even from Wuhan we brought people back and did you complain? I'm willing to bet, no. Did anyone question the loyalty of people there? Touch your heart and tell me that there's nth racist , it's just now you have an excuse to spout it.
really? I rmb i kena admin fee tho i paid via the app. Maybe i remembered wrong
Really? You live in Singapore and this is what you decide to protest? Lmfao. You have a dictatorship that over-criminalizes everything, and often with cruel and unusual punishment.
Reason India is friendly to both are not to gather weapons. It is based on reciprocation. India has never had an ill intention towards any country, each and every small country also received India's love and respect. Examples are Sri Lanka , Maldives etc, and even in times when they poked them, India always took a high road. Russia supported India for whatever their reasons maybe, but India accepted a fair relationship. It was Russia who prevented US and EU to invade India during 1971 conflict with Pakistan. Until 9 or 11 2001 US was almost hostile towards India. Only after the Afghan war their foreign policy changed towards India. India didn't mind, and even let the past be behind. But India is no pupet of any country. And it follows foreign policy based on reciprocation and mutual respect.
Reason is, shooting the arm is actually quite hard as it is one of the least surface area of the body, we were taught to shoot straight at the body as it the largest surface area and in situation like this you don't wanna miss with life as stake
Reasonable suggestion Scrap the two-passenger limit for taxis, Grab or GoJek and private carpooling. A group of four friends or colleagues carpooling would be much safer than if all of them took public transport. Can require the car or taxi windows be wound down to improve ventilation.
Received this same letter 9-10 years ago when I was in secondary school. Nice to see that nothing has changed since then. Anyway, back then, half my class was upset at this line, so we decided not to consent to the sex ed lesson .
recommended an AWARE SAGA podcast on spotify, you can have a listen if you'd like to know more! i'm also around your age, but i remember knowing of it because i saw the whole suntec city showdown thing on the news, then asking some teachers about if afterwards
Recovered individuals are allowed to enter malls too! But I am not sure about how to prove you are recovered. no experience there sorry.
Red Cross Singapore is soliciting donations for the Ukraine Humanitarian Relief Ukrainians have fought bravely for their homeland and they deserve our support. You can also donate directly to charities in Ukraine. Here's a compilation from another subreddit.
Regarding 3, can VB or the Singapore government start tackling misinformation campaigns from certain countries or not. This will definitely threaten unity and Singapore's sovereignty.
Regarding Bentley case, Consider these events A rich spoiled man tries to intimidate a security guard, verbally or physically abuses him and take out his anger on this poor person. All such acts needs to be condemned equally. But one of those persons is Ramesh Erramalli who brings his caste privileges here, gets publicly vilified, deserved to be doxxed and should be fired from his job. And, other guy is this raceless, nameless person who will eventually pay the fine and that's the end of it.
Regardless of circumstances if you break the law you will have to face consequences. Just like how a poor person shouldn't steal because he is poor. While they have their reasons for doing so, it doesn't mean they can escape the law
regardless of the reasons, you're still more vulnerable than those vaccinated, unfortunately. the virus is not going to look at your vaccination exemption papers and choose not to infect you.
Regardless of whether fake or not, it's a fact that healthcare workers aren't having an easy time.
Regardless of whether it's racist or not, isn't what he's doing illegal? Or only with smiley?
Regardless of whether OP had the sense or not, taking it at face value demonstrates a lack of critical thinking. All that social studies and GP supposed trained our citizens to think evidently failed for Singapore redditors.
Religion and racism are generally the last refuge of the insignificant. The more of a Pharisee you are, the more you can lord it over other people because it means you're more religious than they are.
Remarkable how all three of them together don't appear to add up to one reasonable person's IQ.
Remember a time when Lee Kuan Yew tried to promote breeding of smarter kids and also sterilized poor ones at the same time? Lee Kuan Yew had it wrong. Those Happyland parents should've been the ones aborted instead.
Remember his response when there was a request to increase the support given to the needy by a small amount? How much do you want? Do you want three meals in a hawker centre, food court or restaurant? Don't bet on it. I've seen many redditors here asking why he isn't considered for PM after seeing a few of his interviews on CNBC last year. I almost fell out of my chair. Going back further, how about his YOG debacle? Spending $387 million for a game budgeted at $100 million that nobody cares. His management of the YOG budget was such a disaster, imagine him running Singapore?
Remember it damn well. And when all the jc girls had to parade in front of le principal for him to check our skirts and fringe
Remember that our ministers are in this with us together. Sure, they are in this with their million dollar salaries, luxury houses, job security but they are still in this together with us. If they can make sacrifices like staying in their landed houses or condos, so can you, low wage everyman living in a 2 room flat with 6 family members.
REMEMBER THIS MASTERSTROKE ON NOMINATION DAY. 10 DAYS AGO NO ONE KNEW JAMUS HE WENT FROM 1K TO 50K ON INSTAGRAM.
Remember to keep the comment section civil and remember that all people have a breaking point
Remember when Grab was considered a saviour against the overpriced , technologically--impaired, fuddy-duddy Comfort? How time flies.
Remember your place in society before you engage in political debate Debate cannot generate into a free-for-all where no distinction is made between the senior and junior party You must make distinctions What is high, what is low, what is above, what is below, and then within this, we can have a debate, we can have a discussion people should not take on those in authority as 'equals'.
Remember your place in society before you engage in political debate Debate cannot generate into a free-for-all where no distinction is made between the senior and junior party You must make distinctions What is high, what is low, what is above, what is below, and then within this, we can have a debate, we can have a discussion people should not take on those in authority as 'equals'. Former Foreign Minister George Yeo 1994
Remembered months back a teenager 14? had killed his own dad in Changi - not sure how the verdict panned out on that one. But then again most smalltime cases are never heard from again.
reminded me of how corrupt Halal certification is in Malaysia. Got one time visiting relatives in M'sia the news was all about this meat processor just using non-Halal meat as Halal meat and not giving a fuck. Maybe the meat she is eating not even Halal .
Reminded me of this time I was in a JB restaurant and wanted to order a kopi because kosong ice. My dumbass tried to google translate from English to malay and kept getting the wrong order, until I tried just saying kopi because kosong ice and they understood perfectly. I have no idea why I thought it would be different in Malaysia, but there you go.
Reminded me the first time I touched an Aussie note. Wow plastic! Back then we were still using paper notes.
Reminds me of facebook post that ask if her covid positive maid can take a rest or not. Smh.
reminds me of one time at sembawang where the PIS had a screen where the computer behind it was booting up or something, it said Microsoft Scandisk and then the thing booted into windows 98 iinw then the train timings went back to normal. had no picture as my camera lens was still on the camera - -
Reminds me of the Band of Brothers episode where the officer never reply promptly then kena shot by the prowler.
Reminds me of the pompous POS manager from Recruit Express who asked me for my O levels score and belittled me.
Reminds me of the Waiter Rule, A person who is nice to you but rude to the waiter, or to others, is not a nice person.
RenCi scandal. Renci one is worse because that person is literally a monk who should be fully honest and free from greed.
Renters encouraging others to rent remind me of parents that tell non-parents to have kids. Deep down they can see the obvious benefits of not having children or renting, but misery loves company so they encourage others to follow in their footsteps. All I'm doing is encouraging people to think twice before making such commitments that can really drain you financially. Although, at least you can stop renting a place eventually, you can't just sell your children.
Renting is not throwing away money. If you're on great terms with your parents, I hold the opinion that it is. Moving out in your teens is a very American concept, and even Americans are moving back in with their parents because they realise rent is ridiculous.
Renting is not throwing away money. Not everything comes with an obvious price tag. What you don't pay by staying with your parents might be paid for through poor relationships with your parents. As a society it might be good to normalize renting. Good post, some of which is useful even for homebuyers. So many homebuyers regret buying a home because they do not know what they want. For homebuyers if you do not like the home you bought there's not much you can do because of the money sunk into the unit. For renters there's the possibility of moving into another place once the contract ends.
Renting out a room or unit is a revenue-maximising endeavour. It is in the landlord's interest to rent to a tenant that is most likely to vacate the unit at the end of their tenure in a condition that takes as little time and resources as possible to restore to an attractive condition to the next prospective tenant . In the absence of a future-telling crystal ball, landlords naturally fall back on past experiences, word of mouth, or as a last resort, stereotypes, to guard themselves against incurring additional costs to this end. You can say just charge them cleaning fee then! , but people will still crucify the landlord for charging extra cleaning fees just because they are Indian . It's all about the money, not about the dislike per se for a certain group of people. It's kinda like car insurance, right? Massive premiums and huge excess for P-plate drivers, but are all P-plate drivers reckless drivers? Are all single males worse drivers than married females? Do we hate young single men? Or is it just risk management because the objective is to maximise revenue or profit?
Reported you to SGSecure for threatening the moral fabric of our society with your vulgar username. At least you'll get one free kopi. I am being sarcastic
Rest assured that these working parents are assholes to their colleagues as well and suck up to their bosses. Probably nothing to do with the schools. These people are just assholes in general. And this is probably part of a wider social issue pertaining to our SES divide.
Rest of world living in 2022, recognising the reality of humans, while also opening up, getting on with it etc. Meanwhile back here in 1952
result of the failure of running a proper vaccination campaign. even Boris Johnson managed to do the job in a vast and not sheep-like country such as UK
RI and ACS are just the most elitist of the bunch, and long time rivals. HwaChong doesn't usually let their eliticism show while the two are usually flaring up at each other. I would say public image should be HC is probably better than ACS academically, so not really 3, but ACS culture breeds a different kind ACS is the rich boy frat, RI is peak academic achievement frat.
RI or RGS do not have any affiliated intakes unlike ACSI, NYGS, MGS, SCGS, Catholic High which accept lower PSLE scores if the student came from an affiliated school. Thus you can buy an expensive house near ACS Primary at Barker Road and get an affiliated route into ACSI, but there is no way to buy an affiliated route to RI.
Rich sia. 20 per toilet paper square. At the hawker centre toilet, 20 can get you quite a bit of real toilet paper.
Ridiculous to hate on them ffs For those who are Chinese, do you feel good when others associate you with what China did?
Ridiculous to hate on them ffs For those who are Chinese, so you feel good when others associate you with what China did?
Right about the coach fee. I'm paying $87 or month for membership, 1 yr contract. They always seem to have monthly deals, so I doubt you'll ever get a full 100 or month membership.
Right move. It's very very politically difficult to enforce mandatory vaccinations and no country has done that. Making it extremely inconvenient to live without a vaccine is as good as making it mandatory. Just need to iron out what will happen to those who are allergic to the vaccines and make sure they are able to not be too inconvenienced.
Right, but I would be scared to actually talk to the police out loud in that situation.
Right, its not like covid is gonna wait until 8 May for us to be ready then start infecting. These systems and procedures should already be in place and it should be able to be activated at a moments notice.
Right. malls are dangerous for covid but not public transport. what the fuck? This is a half measure from the mmtf. edit To add on, the mmtf is very inconsistent in their approach. First they said endemic, then say ring fencing. Then hospitals cannot take it, so restriction in place. Then now, malls are restricted to only vaccinated. Schools are still going to start soon for majority of unvaccinated kids. Where is their protection?
right. We were discussing insecurities we have about ourselves during CCE lesson once and this netballer shared how she is insecure about being super tan and she looks more indian than chinese. It was such an awful moment because she was sobbing and definitely hurt and insecure over it so i want to be comforting but she also just used my race as if it was an insult and i was pissed over that. Really dont think she meant offense to me because she didnt even seem to realise she said anything wrong but damn it hurts when people get insecure over being associated to you.
Right? By still using land mines or cluster bombs? Go and read about such treaty and Singapore is NOT a participant of either international law that are in effect. Had NPT failed , I believe Singapore will buy nuclear bomb from Israel as well.
Right? Even Sweden took sides with NATO . You know you done fucked up when even Sweden, which took no sides in World War Two takes action.
Right? I get so triggered reading some of the comments. If you've never experienced something similar before, keep your positive mindset to yourself. The best thing is - most of us minority are already drilling the same mindset on ourselves, which is why why we are still here in Singapore. Still peaceful, still thriving. We are just telling you how these occurrences are still hurtful, yet instead of trying to understand some can happily reply that we should suck it up because everywhere also racist? So condescending.
Right? If you have met enough people from around the world its hard not to realize anyone from anywhere can be beautiful. It's just bias and preference that clouds that.
Right? Just recently, I saw a post castigating the birds in hawker centres. Now they gone complete uwu to these otters.
Right? Like I think they assume 18 as an easy number for adulthood but realistically it goes beyond that for true independence. And viewing it as a job is just. Yikes
Right? Seems strange. He may have just been locked in flight mode, and just wanted to get as far away as soon as possible.
Rights if this is indeed to be couched as a right are never absolute and we have accepted some restrictions on the exercise of our rights in other domains. For example, the fact that you can't make race a requirement in your job advertisements. And restrictions as to the type of questions you can ask in your job application form. One could argue that one should have the right to hire whomever they please. But clearly, a decision has been taken that this right I use the word right lightly here is not absolute and that there are competing considerations in play. Having said all of this, I agree that this is a tricky issue to solve and I honestly don't know how it can be tackled. On my part, when I face such requirements, I just move on like you .
Rip 6th, 7th and 8th friend of the group. You are eliminated. I am the 9th friend of the group so no difference.
Ritalin, concerta or startera, or suck thumb I doubt there'll be enough support for change to be made unfortunately, I'm one of the latter
River Valley. Very short walk from Fort Canning MRT. Near UE Square if you know where that is. Source I live nearby
rmbr that not only chinese can be racist. minorities can be racist to other minorities as well. in any social setting once you get a clique of the same race they will maybe not intentionally become more racist but u can tell they at least obviously have a bias for one's own race that speaks the same language that would devolve into talking cock about other races.
Role of engagement is shoot to kill. A lot of people out here have the mindset of police should always try their best to not harm the offender. Watched too match drama already. If their kids are the one that is targeted by an armed criminal, I don't think their reaction will be only inflicting minimal harm.
Rookie numbers here in the States, all three cops would have unloaded their mags into that dude.
RSS Courageous incident - this led to the Chief of Navy being demoted to CEO of MPA role created just for him, prior to him there is no such role but he later he became a Minister but eventually stepped down and is now in China for MFA. He also told us his body parts are all working , to a question nobody asked In politics, you need a tender heart and a thick skin, not a hard heart and thin skin. I think my heart, my skin, like all my body parts, are fine. MPA findings blame the collision on the OOW. The collision between AI and RC was caused by errors of judgement in assessing the situation and the wrongful application of the Collision Regulations on the part of RC. Although the trainee OOW had the control of the ship , the trainee was at all times under the OOW's supervision. According to RSN regulations, the OOW of RC was in charge of the watch and not the trainee OOW. As such, the OOW was fully responsible for the safe navigation of RC. By not intervening, the OOW had shown that he was either not fully aware of the situation around him or had wrongly agreed with the actions and instructions given by the trainee OOW. Thus, the OOW of RC had either failed to keep a proper watch or had made similar errors of judgement as the trainee OOW. When RC stayed in the eastbound lane after making a U turn from its original course of 050 , this was an operational decision that was meant to keep RC closer to Horsburgh Lighthouse. In itself, this would not have led to the collision if RC had maintained its course and speed. It was the following errors of judgement that led to the collision. a. RC's initial alteration of course to port which was carried out in order for the vessel to keep closer to Horsburgh Lighthouse but which resulted in a risk of collision with AI b. RC's decision to cross the bow of AI and the assumption that AI would not alter its course and because. RC's subsequent succession of small alterations of course to port which negated the actions taken by AI. The collision was not caused by any of the following factors a. Failure of machinery or navigational equipment on either ship b. Movement of other ships in the vicinity because. Insufficiency or fatigue of crew on the bridge of both ships d. Weather and tidal conditions e. Failure of any aids to navigation in the vicinity
Rules, rules and rules . Feel so sorry for those celebrating Raya. We've been following these rules and doing so well only to have everything undone.
rumor has it that somebody told him what was the honourable thing to do and being an honourable man, he did just that
Russia didnt want bloodshed end up being accused of emotional blackmailing . Putin sure as heck knew that there would be bloodshed the moment he authorised the invasion. Unless, of course, you wholeheartedly believe that a megalomaniac is naive enough to even think that there would not be any collateral damage when cities are shelled and bombed. He's not the white knight in shining armour that you think he is. Time to wake the fuck up.
Russia is a threat that lies right on Europe's doorstep. US is committed to NATO. Of course they declared sanctions first it's way more relevant and important to them. If Malaysia tries to fuck with us, who do you think will respond faster, us or France?
Russia is now the man sodomizing himself with a cactus. Eventually, you get the cactus up your anus. Only in the process of doing so you incensed everyone around you who are shunning you, anc you have a cactus up your butthole. And the whole reason you fucked yourself with a cactus was to show everyone how strong you are. Except you are now the pervert with a cactus anal bead.
Russia was boycotting the UN security Council and Taiwan was the one with the veto at that time.
Russia wasn't trying to conquer cuba like ukraine, but give nukes in order to pressure the americans. I'm sure a lot of countries would try to take a bite from singapore, but i doubt any one of them outside of china has the ability to do so. Even then china would likely take taiwan first instead of singapore.
Russia's army has performed poorly By what measure? I wouldn't be so quick to ingest the narrative being celebrated online. Putin wants to capture Ukraine, not demolish it. They are clearly capable of that style of warfare if they want to, as they did in Syria when bombing ISIS strongholds. Russia's army is tip-toeing into Kyiv, and would rather encircle and capture than blow it up. The one thing that is changing this is a civilian militia taking up arms. That blurs the line between military resources and civilian
Russian citizens do not represent the kremlins. In fact many have protested the occupation of their evil comrades recently. But I would suggest these people of russia do condemn and reject their government's occupation of Ukraine first.
Russian Sorry Comrade , Missile was aimed at Kiev, but someone key in Keppel. Serious aspect It is a fire at Titan Himont Petrochemical plant in Tanjung Langsat Industrial Complex
RV isn't really that stressful from my experience left in 2014 . You don't have the pressure of O-levels, the tests are quite fair you might get like A1 or A2 if you work hard and B3 if you put in some effort unlike a lot of other O-level schools which like to make things overly difficult. The only problem is some teachers can be absolute jerks but that's everywhere . not sure about the double humans, double science stuff because I think most schools of that calibre would get kids to do double humans and at least double science, and RV doesn't make doing well exceedingly difficult especially in the sciences, I found it more difficult to do well in humans on the basis of effort alone . Back then, you can even skip exams in secondary 1 and 2 if you did well enough. Some parents can be super strict though. They're used to kids being high-flying a lot of the kids there were top students from their school, the COP isn't low, and it's an IP school at the end of the day . I had friends who were under a lot of pressure from their parents. Don't think the pressure is worse than parents of kids in schools of comparable calibre or higher calibre. A lot of people judge RV very harshly as evidenced by a lot of comments from non-students below . But in fairness life there wasn't that bad, I had a fairly carefree secondary life, and I don't think I had it harder than O-level kids I met when I transferred to another JC. In fact I was glad not to have experienced the O-level pressure and the discouragingly harsh marking in those schools
Sad that we as citizens have to pay for mistakes that are not done by us
Sad to say that this is the reality. people from a wealthy family tend to be more competitive when comparing kids and most of their attitudes are really pretty fucked up where their kids will learn from them too. Honestly don't think anything much can be done because they don't really change easily.
sadly as much as our education system has achieved much success, a side effect is that people overemphasize the importance of results, to the point that it defines your worth. hopefully as moe rolls out more changes these perceptions will gradually change.
Sadly for XJP if he dies there will be another power grab and some other dude will be the next dictator. The whole system is corrupt.
Sadly no, there will not be multiplayer for the demo but we are hoping to get couch co-op out sometime this year
Sadly not the last time I went. Was actually there last time intending to buy it. Ended up buying chocolate and kissel.
Sadly this is our one and only debate we have much to learn from you guys in open and free discussion too
Sadly to say, we live in a tolerated multi-racial Singapore. Not exactly multi-racial to the extend that we co-exist harmoniously. Laws are in place to ensure that we stay civil and often there are those incited by recent events of lock downs and stay home, that their inner tolerance of others have reached the limit and are exposed. My parents once told me that if I am attached to the opposite race, they will disown me. I felt hurt and had to end my relationship. They are from a different generation, we on the other hand have grown up with friends from different races and experience and understand other cultures. We do not need to tolerate with these kind of racist statements. It is a shame that you have to forgo your own cultural background to assimilate into the society. However, it is not to late to brace your roots and join the groups and societies to educate the future generations to be proud of your heritage. You are not alone, and should not feel insignificant. I have lost a friend like you. We used to make fun of her calling her names, for us it was childish way of making jokes, but later in life I felt really bad as it was really racist and unforgiving. I would spend time to look for her this week to apologise, but at the same time I would like to reach out and say hey let's make Singapore a better place. By being the generation that addresses issues instead of sweeping it under the carpet.
Sadly true, but also because the king is also one of the more useless pieces on the board.
Sadly, it feels as if the older I get the more intolerance I see. I think it has to do with social media and all, and how people think it is perfectly ok to be overtly racist. Be sure that's what their echo chamber is saying. So they are reinforced. When I was much younger, I had neighbours of all races and religion and we all celebrated pretty much everything together and accepted the practices of each racial or religious group. That's probably atypical and not representative of the entire Singapore but nowadays you get people who feel very emboldened to make insulting remarks about religious practices belonging to religions they do not subscribe to and feel very proud and justified in their behaviour. While I do not believe such discrimination can disappear overnight, we need to do better and I feel one tiny simple step that costs nothing from us, is simply to erase all race markers from our speech. e.g. See that Chinese guy over there? I don't need you to identify his race for me. You can probably point him out with his clothes or something. We need to work hard on not pinning a race on everyone we see, the first thing we see them. This does not solve current problems though but hopefully someday our society can progress to greater racial harmony.
Safeguarded your PR well. Agree the situation is horrific in India but America has more cases than India and is also grappling with the situation. Will the rep above hold up a similar sign for USA? Many international conferences have been welcomed to Singapore with open arms since Singapore is said to be covid free. Will these conferences be without Indians? Who are the biggest part of Singapore's tech and upper management workforce. Not to forget the list of indian CEOs of multinational organisations who will need to travel. What happens to the concern for covid then?
Salt is sodium chloride. The cell generator in a salt water pool breaks the salt down to sodium hypochlorite, killing the germs. Then it bonds back together as salt in a closed cycle. No chloramines like in chlorine pools means no chlorine smell. Otters think the pool is fresh water and swim in it. It didn't harm them in the same way that it doesn't harm humans
Same as how every political party has likeable MPs and MPs who just outright shouldn't be on camera at any one time.
same as how many floor washers or wumaos or little pinks, banded together and boycotted old Chang kee in china. simply because they listed Taiwan as a country and it wasn't their intention.
Same as the Malay wedding $50 Amy Cheong. Can't say I remember this. What's it about?
Same as why the birth rate is falling all over the world. Our nearest neighbours are Korea, Puerto Rico, Hong Kong, Malta, Macau, Ukraine, Spain etc. All world TFR is at 2.4, and that's including the population booms in Africa. As people get richer, they have fewer kids. Same problem as all over the world. Nobody else seems to have found a solution other than immigration, which muhjerbs. There's no magic here.
Same could be said for VB. He has no compassion, why the fuck is he still in public service? Maybe he can go take his 3 meals at DTF, cfm wont bust his monthly budget the same way he busted his YOG budget.
Same from klook also. I think there's so many issues that are not addressed properly. Example staycations and swimming pool
same here with one storytel salesperson. Most times when I tell them I'm already subscribed they'll let me go but after I told this particular person that I was already subscribed she kept asking questions and she ultimately pushed me to sign up again even after I told her I didn't like it you like reading, right? Even pushed me to the credit card page until I told her I didn't have my card details. That's when she let me go.
Same here! Should be gone by end of August. I really hope the government't here gets its shit together. Good people here that don't deserve to live in this perpetual dystopia.
Same here. Best choice we ever made to remain child free. Never understood the appeal of a kid. Don't want to burden us to bring up a child. Don't want to burden the child to grow up in this world. Don't want to have a child just because parents expect us to have a child.
Same here. Came here from India 15+ years ago for work, for a position which I wasn't sure if it was permanent or only for a couple of months until the project is over. Wanting to save as much money as possible before returning back, I counted every cent I spent. Having only seen McDonald's on TV, I was window shopping outside a McDonald's near my place for a few days, before I gathered enough courage to go in an order a Cheese Burger for 2$. The burger was suspiciously good and only later I realized that it was actually a beef burger. At that time, in India, any food item named as Cheese + something would be vegetarian food. I had not eaten beef before this due to my religion.
Same here. I haven't slept in on weekends in 4 years, save for the few times I've been sick and on meds. I miss those days.
Same here. Secured a job but waiting for paperwork. Hoping it doesn't happen to us but have to be prepared.
Same here. Supposed to be our first long vacation this year. Really disappointed because this could have been avoided.
Same here. We went to watch just to see how accurate it was. Melodrama. But it was fine. Highlight was my gf and other female friends trying to gain some perspective of army life. Didn't watch the others.
Same here. We will be closing soon. Despite working like crazy and doing the best we could. It's 4 years gone.
Same I thought its just some school showing the importance of education in Singapore or smtg like that something new today I learnt!
Same I was also in NS in 2012. That is why I enjoyed the first movie.
Same I'm Planning to go to the Northern parts of US where the people there are more accepting
Same in Malaysia as well. Some supermarket got haram trolley, basket, and counter for pork and alcohol
Same thing happened to me just that I found out I was positive on a SATURDAY. 1. Most clinics are closed 2. I had to WALK around to find a clinic that's open
Same too, couldn't stop smiling throughout their speech even though I'm not in SK. Was witnessing history being made in the moment, man. shucks you were 3 years too early! . Maybe you can go around to your old stomping grounds years later and check out how things may have changed. Maybe more people will be interested in parliamentary debates after this. 10 opposition members in parliament compared to the original 6 would hopefully make things more livelier than before.
Same with Filipino lo-fi girl, but with a belt or slipper instead of cane and more human rights abuses .
Same, but the trial costs like 9.99$ if I remember correctly, I initially said no to the salesman and went to dabao some food down the route and on my way back he waved at me and had a small chat again. That's when I gave in, they'd need you to subscribe and download the app on the spot in order for them to get their commission so they'll do all they can and guide you till the payment is made. Anyway spent like 10$ for a 3 months trial and something that I haven't been using 2 months after subscribing. At least they won't be bugging me anymore.
Same, I was like Huh what the fuck? Dude here already has issues surviving, needs to save up for marriage and house and future kids, why still ask me to give 10% of my salary to YOU? And when that Kong guy was back, everyone was like oh my god IT'S PASTOR KONG! what the fuck. Turned me off really bad and I disassociate myself.
Same, I'm in EC as well, I stayed up late with the sound of crickets and heard occasional small cheers for WP when the results of Hougang, Aljunied and Sengkang were announced.
Same, it's like on one hand I don't care much for this conversation but also it just makes it more clear how disparate our various priorities are, and makes me feel a lil pressured that I'm not following the prescribed life path Oh well it is what it is.
Same. Decided early to want to have kids since I'm enjoy spending time with kids . I was fortunate to have a lot of help with the childcare and this shit is tough. Our working lives are not compatible with having kids - the expectations to OT, the expensive flat that makes you and your spouse having to work, the annual ICT where you have to drop everything and leave it to your wife. All these sucks. Education system wise I'm not so worried though. It's difficult but it can be fun - seeing them experience things for the first time, the child like wonder they have, the things that excite them, singing funny songs together, or reading books together - it do bring joy in my life. It ain't easy, but there's something nice to it. Won't recommend to people who are not prepared to make sacrifices though. Do not have kids if you are not ready!
Same. I work in f&b. 72 - 80 hour work week. I love my job but I would also love some more time for my other hobbies. But I guess I can't complain, I'm lucky to even have a job with the current climate.
Same. I'm on the 19'th floor, and my understanding is that you feel it more if you're on higher levels. On the ground floor you can't really feel it it would seem?
Same. There was one time in 2018 I happened to be raiding with a bunch of people then one of them happened to be a bus driver, so in the end we had impromptu raid bus the players in Singapore are such a colorful bunch
Same. Used to calculate everything based on RMB multiplied by 5 and everything felt so expensive. Fast forward to now, I have to divide everything by 5 when looking at RMB to gauge its value.
Same. We work in healthcare and whenever someone accidentally asked us how is the condition at censors hospital name ? the people around us started moving away and staring. We work to serve the nation and our leave are all cancelled indefinitely but the neighbours around us treat us like guaranteed virus carriers. It's exhausting. edit Thank you for the kind comments. Am still a proud healthcare worker since we are the first line of defense. We will not fall, and please rmb to always wash your hands after gg outside and before or after meals. Gg to sleep now 2nd edit wow I didn't expect the awards or medals ? dk what to call them here Thank you to the anonymous Singapore redditors! And thank you to all the appreciative comments, me and my colleagues know you guys are always out there. That's why we're still in this line. Stay safe everyone 3
San Francisco is one of the if not highest living cost in the US and or or north America. You're better off going to Seattle or even San Diego depending on your preferences of lifestyle. Either ways, i lived around the bay area for 7 years. Still prefer it to Singapore even though I would never live in the US again.
San Francisco Yup and San Francisco is turning into an absolute shit hole. Homeless on the street everywhere. OP doesn't realise how good he's got it.
Sanders must be rolling in his grave. He was the proud creator of the best selling fried chicken in the world. Now he's just a husbando.
Sarcasm is really lost on this group. Here have a I am being sarcastic. I guess have to spell it out since cant understand the subtext
sat for an exam two weeks ago. didnt manage to do last four questions worth 10 marks each. i might not pass
Saw it too from tampines. I was waiting to cross at a red light and I was staring at it almost the entire time! Incredible sight!
saw so many comments on facebook asking why is this singapore's problem. think about it, ukraine is a small country in comparison to its relatively larger neighbour russia . russia invaded ukraine whilst almost unprovoked. if we remain silent and don't take any actions, who's going to come to our help next time when we are the ones getting attacked by a relatively larger neighbour?
Saw some people commenting on backstop,just curious for people in the know, what bullets do the SPF used? I am aware that in most police worldwide, munitions used by them are meant to fragment once in a target to prevent over penetration of the bullet and thus hitting or ricocheting to non targets edit These type of bullets if I remember correctly are also banned for use in war by the geneva convention, thats why the FMJs we use in SAF will pen
Saw someone post two meme photos, one with a crying woman's face and the caption My skydiving instructor doesn't allow me to skydive without a parachute Freaking hilarious.
Say goodbye to natural ventilation Springdalers. If I were you, I'd still for your information ping to ACRES. Cutesie video today, property destruction tomorrow, all in the name of foraging.
say pressure cooker, because that's exactly what Singapore is. small space x hot x humid x
Say what you want about a proper process to voice your concerns, but the trigger for this protest was sparked more than a week ago, with ZERO comment by any of our politicians. If there's any justification for why they protested, it is that. We have cowards for political leaders who'd rather keep quiet and pray the wind blows over than comment on this issue. Ffs, Ministry of Education made comments and Lawrence Wong hasn't even said A SINGLE THING. Go on the record and defend Ministry of Education, or go on the record and demand a review of current policies. Keeping quiet leads to protests.
saying they will help or look into it. Because our press doesn't hold them accountable and press the government on all their broken promises. 11 purpose-built dorms promised to be built by 2021 or 2022, then whittled down to 3 by 2024 in Sep 2021 because the situation no longer required it. So why weren't they allowed back to interact with the greater community then? Meanwhile, Amy Khor promised a review into migrant transport in May 2021. Where are the updates?
Saying this only affects a minority is true. But that doesnt mean anyone should leave them behind because they are the minority by that logic might as well go and dismantle all the muslim and hindu temples because they are the minority or even better not allow any halal restaurants in the country because they are the minority . 100 percent wont backfire on you, i mean most people id chinese what. See how stupid leaving the minority behind is. Its basically just leaving them behind the pack to die. That means anyone who has any mental issues, disabilities or learning disorders should go and figure out life for themselves even though they need the most help because tHeY aRe tHe MiNoRiTy . I mean why not? Using your logic it should be fine what. Any person cannot work or live for themselves can go fuck off can liao. Reduce burden for others also. Usually the minority you want to leave behind needs the most help as they have issues while others dont. You are suggesting we cut off help to them are you?
Says the Modi dog. Barking so loud here. Your idiotic master Modi is spending Billions to renovate parliament in the midst of a covid crisis. What do you have to say about that? The majority of indians have been voting for Modi and showering in Ganges in droves, so who are to be blamed for their own Modity aka stupidity?
School Counsellors are useless from my experience. Need to find a Counsellor outside. They help tons more.
Schools have been doing lockdown drills actually. For a while already. Reason is preparation against possible terrorist attacks.
Schools still open but no more than groups of 2 outside so I can't even pick up my 2 nephews from school?
Scream for help in a train that seems empty? You'll save the guy by directing attention to yourself maybe. There was no crowd from the looks of it, if for crowd everyone can chip to hold him down
Seattle you are so much closer to nature. There's a massive nature park to the north west ish and giant mountain range to the west. It's cold ish and rains some. San Diego is summer summer summer all year long basically but dry because of the ocean. Because it's California it's still a little expensive but nothing compared to SF. Food is good, beach is good places to explore to the west. Unfortunately i can only advise you on the west coast. I don't know much about the Midwest or east. Though i great the Colorado might be a great place to be. Culture of the west coast but with mountains surrounding you like Switzerland.
See his face gong gong, suddenly a little bird fly out, I'll laugh, but I'll smack his head, funny little fook.
See now Sengkang residents have 4 MPs serving them, and another 4 potential MPs serving them as GRA. So lucky of them.
see so quick to pull the race card. And i even pre-empted that. Guess you don't understand basic malay? Look whose racist. For starters PRs need to do NS. So if ur concern is foreign nationals need to do NS, you honestly are a bit simple minded. How do you get a foreign worker to take up arms? What do we do with the half a million Malaysians? Gosh. As.for the ladies, why force them to do NS? The ukraine example shows that the women will and can find ways to contribute. They weave camo nets, they distribute aid. So maybe our ladies cld do a year of nurse training. But thats ur reason for not wanting to defend ur home? Because u disagree with some policies? Wow. Did the Sgt make u sign too many confinements so u hate NS so much? Actually probably better if you don't serve la. Easier to put a bullet in your back than having to worry if you have your fellow soldier's back.
See, that's how you make an unknown, known. Not opposition politician likes facebook page of some pro-Malaysia critic, therefore he must love Malaysia more than Singapore accusations.
See, to live is to suffer no? Life is some happiness, and lots of sadness and anguish and terror no? So you live out your life, and die, right? If you were to have a child, the child would also grow up, live out his or her life, and die, right? And his or her child also, be born, live, and die. And the same cycle repeat and repeat and repeat no? Till when? Till global environmental collapse wipes out human species. Or nuclear fallout, or whatever reason. Maybe in the next 50-100 years, or maybe in a thousand years. Or, if human species can live on, an asteroid will hit earth in the next 100 million years. Or the sun will balloon and swallow the earth in a billion years. Or the sun itself will blow up in 5 billion years anf that'll be the end of the solar system. And the entire mikly way galaxy will merge with Andromeda galaxy and who knows what will happen to all the stars and planets in these galaxies? And then, the universe itself will also slowly die out in billions of years. We're just organic biolgical species, each of us a collection of atoms and electrons, living our temporary existence on a piece of rock floating around a ball of fire wandering aimlessly through the big dark void. In the grandest scheme of thing, life is meaningless, and nothing really matters. Having said that, go ahead and have a child if you want to have that life experience , whatever the cost. I have 2, sometimes i regret sometimes i don't, but i guess that's just life, i gotta live all the high and low nodes. I don't judge anybody, on this matter or any matter, and fuck whoever that judges me. fuckin live your life the way u want, and fuck everybody else. One last thing about cost, just like car, if u keep thinking about cost, you'll never buy car. But it's an experience, so u choose to have it, or not to have it, and just go. At the end of the day, money is just a social construct, a human invention. Life is more than that.
See. This is 'meritocracy' at work. If you're a sales person then you must either not have been very smart, or worse you were lazy. Because we all know how the less well off got to be where they are they earned it.
Seeing all these comments about being in primary school in 2017 makes me feel really old
Seeing as how I'm kept up by traffic and also woken up by traffic, this seems accurate.
Seeing the chinese equivalent for 'axe' sent a shiver down my spine. This is a tragedy.
seeing this pic makes me want to draw again. NS life got in the way sadly.
Seeing this spider gives me some kind of minor PTSD. And your comment bumped it up a little bit more. I walked straight into one on Tekong during my NS days. And if it wasn't for the fact that the spider was flailing around on my chest roughly where spiderman's crest is. Who knows where it would have crawled to, while it was stuck on me. Still a beautiful specimen though.
Seems like a good business case to buy a couple screens at home. 7.5 hrs a week, times 52 weeks a year in saved time, I'd do it in the blink of an eye!
Seems like a very everybody stood up and clapped kind of story Or maybe I'm just the only one who doesn't record down word for word what my cabbies say
Seems like it's a school stabbing. Speculation is abound but reminder that mental health is important and to take care of the people around you.
Seems like its the same way as how they rolled out TT. They don't outright mandate it, but they just make it very inconvenient to do anything.
Seems like one of the only rare chance this is justifiable and actually used. Assailant has weapon knife , checked. Life in danger, checked. No need for move back sir already, heng not 5 rounds and fire. Quite sure uncle is just intoxicated but even so he really think police the taurus toy gun balls so big go test water like that. This one is no ggez no rr.
Seems like only 2 people doing the work and the rest have their phones out .
seems like the centre PO took the shot. I got my marksman only in my final reservist shoot
Seems like the leopard never change its spot. For those who are too young, Balakrishnan once outed someone as gay during the general election. When a People's Action Party MP asked for better financial assistance, Balakrishnan once said How much do you want? Do you want 3 meals in a hawker centre, food court or restaurants?
Seems like you gonna have to make a major detour when entering bus interchanges that are linked with malls such as Yishun bus interchange.
Seems that people from other countries are more concerned about their welfare than our own government.
Seems to me like the only difference between this and life in a major western city is that in Singapore you are able to obtain property in the city.
sees bala and CSJ slinging mud at each other starts off his closing statement with I enjoyed the debate actually!
Self entitlement? That seems to represent you more given that you ignore all statements proving you wrong, insist on being disrespectful with your lgbtwhatever , while thinking that you are correct and everyone else is wrong.
Self loathing americans are everywhere now. Lazy bums that drop out of school, that refuse to work and get government handouts wastes their time watching too much tik tok and is somehow convinced that their country is the problem.
Send Mr Amrin to an SMC! Heh, but I'm looking forward for changes in Sengkang GRC esp with cowboy accent a new town councilll
Sending you some love. Your anger is righteous, remember this feeling and write your thoughts down somewhere you can revisit them. Don't listen to people that say you're too young or too wound up, this kind of clarity is most likely to come to you in your youth. The older you get the more you become accepting of your environment, until ultimately you might find yourself raising a child in the same conditions and expecting her to 'toughen up' like you had to. Don't stop expressing yourself, as exhausting and futile as it may seem. The future belongs to your generation, make it a better place. Meanwhile the rest of us need to call out friends and family when they say racist things. It feels small but it makes all the difference.
Sengkang here, thought I am low blood pressure , . Then hear my kitchen glass panel door swinging
Sengkang will not be easy even for somebody like Jamus. Town council and community services has been quite solid for the past few years. I presume most will operate under the ain't broke why change mindset.
Senior posting alert A common question among us parents of 20-30 somethings how would you feel if your kid says he or she doesn't want to have any kids. Overwhelming reaction Relief
Sentiment that counts. India's silence over the war is causing distress to their students currently stranded in Ukraine. The small gestures matter.
Separating fully vaccinated and boosted is weird. You're not even allowed to boost till 5 months later. And death is good and all, now please also share the figure for long covid
Serious question does no dining in mean we can still takeaway the food and have a picnic style meal outside.?
serious question had the vaccination program been more aggressive, would we be in the situation that we are in?
Serious question, given that there's only 33 confirmed case thus far, are there really that much increased demand on ambulance drivers?
Seriously for fuck sake. Just recover at home if you get covid. I got it and was back to normal in 2 days. I'm triple vaxxed and covid was merely like a common flu. Fuck your stupid conspiracy anti vaxx theories. Just get the booster if you really care about not overwhelming the healthcare worker. Stop thinking its solely the government's responsibility while you behave like a piece of shit and pretend like you care. Paying them more is not gonna solve the problem. Stop going to a&e like a fucking cheebye please. Last week my 1 year old niece was having breathing difficulties at 2am and we rushed her to the hospital just to see a fuck ton of people on the queue. covid related waiting time was 12 fucking hours.
seriously got Malay Muslims who act like that ? . Dude honestly just do good deeds in my opinion, being a good person to the eyes of god is like pogg so even tho if you dont believe this is like a safety barrier or half joking
Seriously how did he get into RI? Must have been a lousy school. edit after that TSL said Im from Monk's Hill.
Seriously its just Putin and their government. Most young Russian people dont want war at all.
Seriously just let the old cunts reap what they sow. Stop holding back the country because of them. The old cunts themselves said it, they are just waiting to die. Let us live our lives.
seriously need to consider conscripting female citizen to serve NS. fuck no. please cancel NS entirely and stop using us as cheap labor.
Seriously so what if you're from RI? Must be the kind that wear their raffles t shirt EVERYWHERE even though they are in their 40s to 50s. Scared people dunno you're from some elite school.
Seriously this thread has been mind boggling to navigate. I don't understand why these people are finding it so hard to grasp that if you break the law you're going to get arrested. It's their job for gods sake. Do I think we should be more accepting for trans people? Yes. Do I think you should get arrested if you break the law? Yes. If they're willing to face the consequences then alright that's their decision, but ffs what do these commenters think was gonna happen if you broke the law.
Seriously what is this bullshit? So the vaccine totally useless huh? I mean total number of cases tested positive was announced, but no mention of severity of illness among these cases. If government so scare die need to go to the extent of disallowing dining in, does that mean all these recent cases hardly anyone is asymptotic or at least mildly sick . Or just so heng all the market people belong to the unvaccinated group? Shouldn't endermic be living along with the virus? Or their definition of living along is 30 case daily among a population of millions? Don't tell me end of the day, the goal is to have 30 cases daily so government can show off their wonderful stats to other countries and start their travel bubble
Seriously, I knew Singapore was pretty fucking racist but these few days have shown me how idiotic and insanely racist this relatively young subreddit is. My parents are there, and I literally told them yesterday to move the fuck back to Switzerland soon. Time for them to retire anyways. Singapore is truly first world country filled with people with a third world attitude.
Seriously, why attack ordinary Russians with hateful language? They are not Putin. They didn't order the war. They are not soldiers. They aren't in Ukraine shooting civilians. They don't even have much power to exercise democratic choices and the freedom to criticise their government. Anti-war protests is banned. Anti-war comments are also banned. In Russia, you can't even call the invasion of Ukraine as a war or an invasion. Elections in Russia are rigged. Political opponents are jailed or poisoned. Dissidents are often thrown out of windows. If you thought the COP was bad, it's nothing compared to the stuff Putin and his mafia would do. If a Russian publicly supports the invasion, go ahead. But, not all Russians support the invasion. Even their army is deliberately sabotaging their own equipment and surrendering without a fight. Ordinary Russians are also a victim of this war. Their economy is crumbling again due to sanctions and a lot of people will suffer. They suffered under the Soviet Union. They suffered during the collapse of the Soviet Union. Now, they suffer another economic disaster again. Putin and his cronies, on the other hand, is safely hidden in some bunkers like a certain German dude in 1945.
Seriously. Guys in the deep with his men. Just saw a clip on another subreddit with him having drinks with them too. Most leaders would hide somewhere safe and lead from safety. This guy although not a strategic move to be out there. I admire his honour for staying there.
Seriously. Why doesn't the pap institute reforms to improve work life balance in the country? For a party that prides itself on data based analysis, it cannot be that the leadership is unaware of such stress and sleep indicators. Probably they just dont give a shit. Sinkies are not hard-working enough is what they'd say.
severe incidents I do not know about you but someone getting assaulted in this manner looks pretty damn severe to me
Sexual Ed should be about the actual science, the facts, inclusiveness, and CONSENT. I think Consent should be the most important thing to be taught. Past cases and even posts here shows that some people have a distinct lack of knowledge about consent one even arguing that cockteasing meant the girl deserves to be cum on while sleeping .
she came to Singapore when she was 17 to play, I think she is Singaporean as most of us are.
she can cook nasi lemak and make milo in the field. what more can you ask for.
She could have retired, but her fight back from injury had been one of the most inspiring comeback stories for Singaporean athletes. She may not have won a medal, but she won our hearts.
She did exceedingly well and went above and beyond even with an injury in these last 2 matches
she did her best and im super duper proud of her! hope she recovers soon from her injury
She did it out of love. Hope those 2 turn out negative but that too some take a few days to detect. Nevertheless it will be a relieve if they turn out negative. Hope all goes well.
She did so well and I felt so stressed watching her match. I kept praying for her and just want her to know that she's coming back home safely to us and that so many of us are so proud! Keep your head high, from 50 to 4 this leap itself is a feat!
She had a super good run! Here's what I observed during the match the few factors that caused ymy to lose besides her injury 1 Mima Ito is significantly faster which caused ymy to lose in terms of forehand and backhand back to back rallies, and her forehand or backhand punch dealing a significantly punch to ymy. 2 Mima Ito's serve is just too damn good one eg her tomohawk which caused ymy to commit many unforced errors. 3 Ymy just couldn't find her rhythm, probably because Ito was using a short pimple rubber which is honestly really hard to play, and generates a different type of spin. Really unfortunate, but am super happy that she made it so far, considering thats she is world no. 50 and is playing with the top 3 in the world. Definitely a pride of Singapore!
She is the typical airhead Tai Tai. People's Action Party insiders are all damn scared whenever she opens her mouth. What to do. She was Queen
She may not have won a medal, but she definitely won my heart. I hope she recovers well from her injuries.
She may not won any medal but she is a champion in my eyes for fighting through with her injuries.
She passed a few weeks after giving birth to their first son, who is albino. Official story is that she died from a heart attack. Conspiracies commonly talked about includes suicide from post natal depression to murder.
She probably does, but she's quite happy go lucky, so she doesn't let it bother her. We did come to the joint conclusion that there's no point spending big for a wedding though since i we barely remember what happened that day and ii we've only looked through our wedding album once since then.
She was awesome really. You could tell she gave it her all. What more can we ask for.
She was useful to the People's Action Party in keeping Tan Cheng Bock out from the presidency. But yeah, still have no idea how a mere speaker of parliament could provide the necessary financial experience required of the presidency.
She went toe to toe with no. 3 while recovering from injury, that's crazy mental and i have massive respect for her!
She will be raising funds for the wounded via the president star charity. Imagine your celebs in their bomb shelters and bunkers live streaming their performances.
She works at Roblox. Went to an Ivy league and then stanford. She's turned out ok.
She'll feel better as long as she doesn't know as much about a foreign culture as her own and thus doesn't know how bad it can be.
She's a journalist? Her job, and her primary means of contributing to awareness of these issues, are specifically to report and to inform. It's obviously effective, given that her reporting is the reason any of us are talking about this issue right now.
She's a legit software engineer now. She moved on and there are better porn out there now
She's certainly not being dealt with if she just gets ignored and not shut down by moderates. Also that Joanna Theng also, nothing of substance happened to her . It's not discrimination when Christians do it, won't br charged or detained by ISD
She's done her best and with that my respect and best wishes! To even get to a semi final wz world class players is an achievement, so lets be proud of her!
She's just a horrible person. I once had an experience with a rude customer who had left me and the other customers around her speechless. So I used to work at a mini bakery and coffee shop, selling breads and local food. There was this customer that I guarantee you would really feel like whacking with a baseball bat. This was exactly how this office worker had placed her order from me. I want two egg tarts, one coconut, one golden lava. Okay, no problem. Two egg tarts, how would I mess that up I followed her order logically and packed one coconut egg tart and one golden lava egg tart. She began whining about how I got her order wrong, and I just stared at her entitled face, confused. She actually wanted a total of four egg tarts instead. After packing everything, she looked at me dead in the eye, in front of the other customers, and told me that I was very inefficient, all this while using a very stern voice. She then walked away before I was able to respond. I stared blankly at the other customers and they also stared back at me in disbelief. I was actually afraid that my manager was about to reprimand me, but he told me to ignore this kind of customers.
She's not a nurse but thanks! I do IT in a government-linked company in a related field. Healthcare runs on not only doctors and nurses but therapists of all sorts, radiologists, lab techs, admin, etc. Shoutout to them as well!
She's not going to be getting paid anywhere near what she would make in the US or other more western countries, hopefully she knows that. Also the way it works here is you gotta get hired by am employer first then they will appeal for your license transition to the Singapore board of nursing. It takes a few months for the hiring process with a lot of school documents etc that need to be verified. Basically it takes a lot of work that not many employers are willing to put up with. Basically it would just be much better if your friend just stayed in the US, made a ton of money working and just come to Singapore on vacation if they really wanna visit.
Sheng shiong or ntuc or giant by itself, and other lone supermarkets that operates under a hdb or basically not in a mall.
Sheng Siong shares going to the moon . Sheng Siong doesn't have many, if any in malls, mostly are stand-alone lots or in shophouses
Shhh, don't take the undeserved praise that the ministers want for leading this country! They want their millionaire salaries ok!
Shhh. Let OP think that falling TFR is a uniquely Singaporean thing and isn't a trend that the whole developed world is facing. Heck even places like India deliberately avoiding China since they had that One Child Policy thing are already seeing TFR dropping like mad.
Shhhh dont say that. you're going to make pro-restrictions people very upset when they realise it is shit management, not reopening that damages the sanity of healthcare workers
Shit needs to get invested in and managed right now if we want it to bear fruits in the future . I don't disagree that the healthcare system has been operated in way too lean of a fashion that has resulted in the current predicament. But managerial and structural issues don't get fixed overnight. The here and now reality is that healthcare workers are getting swamped. Stopgap measures are not ideal, but it is there to deal with the current situation. When we get past this situation, THEN we should make sure to hold the government accountable in terms of dealing with the root issues to future-proof our system for any other pandemics to come. Screaming for the government's head now is just detracting from solving the current issues, and reeks of people trying to push their agendas using this rather than actual problem solving.
Shit parents must be so worried man is it to prevent misinformation I texted My friends no reply yet haizz I cant imagine being In their place. this is quite unexpected for Singapore
Shit sorry! I just thought it was so good I copy and pasted it to the relevant comment without a second thought. Will edit in the credit now!
Shit, HSK was at East Coast and they nearly lost the GRC still. Don't look at it as Nicole Seah nearly won Look at it as People's Action Party nearly lost HSK on a risky gamble. And we won. East Coast Plan memes for 5 years as consolation prize?
shit, you're absolutely right. Where are the racists who blame Chinese for the origination of the virus in Wuhan and therefore Singapore? Crickets Perhaps the writer should have justified it would have been wrong for such accusations to take place? Which he or she did not? I don't get why you can't seem to understand that the way the author phrased that comment, implies that it will happen. He or she makes no Attempt to justify whether it is indeed alright or not. To avoid racism, let's leave Singaporeans behind in India to die in the middle of a bloody pandemic . How about, we take a stand that it's wrong instead of just stating what we think will happen and therefore doing what is popular instead of right. The only justification was the he or she isn't racist because they consumed biryani for a meal. Your comprehension is horrible and you really might barely be literate. Guess our education system isn't as good as it makes itself out to be.
shit. Last year, they prematurely ended cheebye just to hold election. Now this again, and the country borders are still open? I swear, we're getting penalized for government's stupid decisions that benefit themselves. Eventually, we'll probably riot
Shithole places and ideas like this just make teens and other adults just want to kill themselves. I'm getting depressed hearing how strict every fucking country is for doing nothing and all they say is stupid tradition and family values. Well FUCK your family values and fuck traditions because that's just an excuse for barbaric practices that makes humans look like shit. I'm just waiting for the world to fall apart at this point cause Fuck everything!
shocking and devastating are understatements, the act is brutal and absolutely disgusting or 3 hope whoever they are rest in peace and most importantly hope their family has the resilience and courage to go through this tough period. also hoping the perpetrator of this horrific crime get the punishment they deserve.
Shooting assailant justified. Failure to consider bullet penetration deficit on officer's operational capability additional training recommended.
shop in the skies with krisshop on airlines. time to shop on the road with smrt's smartshop
Short answer is there is no point . If you are rationally weighing pros and cons, having kids is rarely a good idea. It's just not very appealing as a concept. Or maybe the point at the end of it all is that you've managed to raise a decent human being in spite of the state of the world.
Short term GDP more important to me because it's my KPI. Who cares if GDP sucks in 20 years because the current young generations get covid. Not my problem. I am being sarcastic
should be able to cancel.on their website, there is a 3-day free trial.so, since you already cancel, you won't be charged.
Should have told the kid in her face, you better study hard so you can properly educate your children to not be like her
should try CDG's new lifestyle app too called zig clean user experience or user interface with rides, eat or drink and deals combined not paid to promote
Shouldn't have protested cause it's illegal to - the kinda people that struggle to tie their shoe laces without the government passing a law for it.
Shouldn't we be concerned with the education of the people representing us in Parliament? I think it's a basic prerequisite and if their performance is not up to snuff, all aspects of their credentials should be questioned. We question their experience all the time, why not education?
shrugs With Singapore tightening up the S-Pass and EP, even if they do want to come to Singapore to make a living, I think it's not going to be easy.
Shucks yeah I should have figured that they need to sleep in on Sat after a long night of counting.
shut down the entire country for 1 intensive care unit case. We are the model nanny state. rest in peace global competitiveness
Si ginna play dota at night then no time to sleep, still dare to blame work. Later i force you work 996 then u know
Sian, when will this ever end? Why are we e ones always getting the blame and paying the price for their incompetency and their half baked measures?
Siao liao. cheebye 2.0 coming liao SINGAPORE - Rules on social gatherings will be tightened starting this Saturday May 8 , as Singapore takes stricter measures to stop the spread of covid in the wider community. If it's urgent why not make it ASAP?
Sick gets MC also gets warning from our superior what the fuck I wonder the healthcare union knows about all this shit happens. Hate those top level use others to put the blame on them n and we got the bloody warnings
Side note I'm anxious to know if they will keep my cleaner uncle. He's really awesome, does a good job and watched my dog grew from a puppy. Wouldn't want to trade him for anyone else.
Sidenote Pelmeni is delicious! There's vegetarian, salmon, duck, chicken or cheese like ravioli! Unfortunately the Russian dumplings restaurant is pretty expensive for me but I love to try it at least once on my birthday
Sidetrack. Book of Boba is so bad they had to put in the Mandalorian there to spice things up
Sigh. Look at the point he is trying to prove . The point is that people in Wuhan , as the city is locked down , are not perfectly orderly . Let's say he proved it, with that one video. Congrats, you have shown that we are better off than Wuhan. Us over here, with a government announcement code orange whatever, we are slightly more orderly than people in Wuhan as they are told they can no longer leave. That's the point he wants to prove. I don't even know why I'm still in this thread, this is so silly. The bar is so low it has sunk into the ground.
sigh. The parents will never be able to heal, losing a child is like a gaping hole in the heart. the hole may get smaller, but it will always be there. this whole thing is so shocking.
Signing entails a loss of policy flexibility. Betting the US wants to retain the choice rather than be constrained. A self imposed moratorium is different from a treaty accession.
silent majority, auntie uncle will consume your Facebook posts and WhatsApp group, dunno how to send comments. Commenters is very much pro opp, almost to the point of echo chamber.
simi Heighten Alert? this is a circuit breaker by any other name. thanks for the risk-managed approach, we are back to Square Zero.
similar experience here. anecdotally, a lot of my co-workers in tech went abroad for vacations during the end of year and CNY periods.
similarly, the same dude would still be a bad person as an atheist. Maybe an unpopular opinion, but I always felt the ultra-religious and the stereotypical sort are fundamentally very similar. One worships an intangible figure, the other worships the smell of their own farts. The target might be different, but the irrational idolatry is the same.
Simple. Coordinate with the embassy to evacuate all citizens now. Quarantine in either India or a secure facility in Singapore for 3 weeks to a month.
Simple. He will just say he was referring to someone else in a private conversation with his fellow minister and that people were projecting their own views of LMW given he didn't mention any name. .
Since its a hawker, i wouldnt be surprised if its 7 days a week. The chickenrice stall below my house is open 7 days a week and i always see the 2 same guys running the stall. I wonder how long has it been since their last off day.
Since so many are talking about weddings, ie just skip that and talk about your understanding of cpf. You need to find out more. The average age of marriage in Singapore is around 30 for guys and 28 for females. Take away NS of 2 years, both would have built up a fair bit of money in cpf OA. The average 4rm build-to-order is about 270k. It is not a far stretch to say that there should be enough to have a down-payment of 70-100k. Assuming your monthly contribution to OA is $500 inclusive of employer contributions. And it is wrong to claim that your cpf account is depleted, thus you can't earn interest because the sum is used to pay for the flat. cpf interest rate is 2.5% for OA. HDB Bank loan is 2.6%. That interest you pay is to be returned back to your cpf when you sell your flat. You are paying interest to yourself. However, you can also save that hassle by paying for your mortgage using cash. And it is simply not true that you need to pay for your flat until you're old and near retirement. My wife and I took 14 years to fully pay up our 5rm flat. Our salaries increased over the years, resulting in higher cpf contribution. We consolidate out cpf funds and top up every year. With the flat fully paid up, all I have to do is wait for the balance to build upm I am 42, that means I have another 23 years to benefit from the compount interest. Even rough calculation shows that I would have a 6 digit figure in my cpf by the time I'm retired.
Since Thursday there have been increase of 53 hospitalised patients out of 49213 new cases, amounting to 0.00107 of them needing hospital care, or what do you know 1 or 1000. This doesn't even account for patients being discharged vs new admissions by the way Using big words like arbitrarily while you can't even comprehend numbers past 2 decimals and making an arbitrary assumption yourself, well done.
Since we are going with 'personal preference', then surely its fine for hiring managers to hire their races or from their own countries because its their 'personal preference' too. Honestly, I genuinely feel this sub is no different from EDMW. Just that Redditors here use bigger words and longer paragraphs to hide their racism. But to be honest, I do feel a little bad for any racist or xenophobic people. While others are happily enjoying their lives, they keep ranting on the internet. Unhealthy way to release their frustration
Since when we care about the fellow humans? The dorm owners need to have another villa or holiday bungalow. If these workers go out and get covid then how?
Since you wanted to make a guide for the younger ones within a budget, I think you should list out the expenses too. How much was your rent especially since you chose a condo and is it a common room or studio? How much are your living expenses. This will help them a lot. My personal experience HDB Common Room solo equals to $600 - $850 with utilities HDB Master Bedroom Sengkang - $800 - $900 without utilities Utilities shared with housemates Wifi equals to $50 Electricity, Water, Gas equals to $150 - $200 this might depend on whether housemates are working from home, if aircon is heavily used, and in some months can be free because of GST voucher.
Since you're considering them as benefits why not giving the option 1.6 k monthly salary, come at 8 and leave at 5pm and public holiday like normal people?
Sincerely? How have you not heard of this? Of those flocking to the ER, the vast majority have jack shit in terms of symptoms. About 80 per cent of the patients, including those with covid infections, presented with mild symptoms, did not require hospitalisation, and were discharged after their emergency department visits. The reason for massive medical system stress is because singaporeans are acting like fucking cowards about covid and go to the ER for tiny sniffles. That and massive medical mismanagement even before covid. Singapore's medical system has been known for being one of the most toxic to work in. Junior doctors and nurses are treated like trash.
Singapore always been this racist Real talk? The world has always been racist, and will always be. There will never be a moment in time when racism will cease to exist. What I don't like is when people confine something perceived as a greater sin to happening only in Singapore . Probably not your intention but statements like this trigger me because it comes across as devastatingly ignorant. I will tell you this, shit happens in Singapore all the time, every day, in places high and low. What we see on the news is just a fragment of what really happens, just that most of the stuff is unreported or undiscovered. Also, the shit in Singapore that happens is far tamer than what happens in other countries. This blatant lack of awareness of what goes on beyond the country contributes to plenty of ignorant comments on this reddit. They see a mild event here and think its something extreme, and think the worst of this place. They just don't realise the world is pretty fucked up. But on to more relevant things, I was good friends with my Indian classmates that I had in JC and in the 2 years with them I can say they are on good terms with my predominantly Chinese class. Your experience is on the opposite end of what they experienced, and I can believe its real, but also that not everyone is like what your perpetrators were. Still, sorry for what you went through, it does scar the one on the receiving end alot no one deserves that.
Singapore cannot afford to shut its borders for a long time as we're not resource rich Lawrence Wong I am being sarcastic
Singapore claims to be a first world country, and yet in ANY other truly first world country this type of blatant, racist discrimination is totally illegal. Yet here, it's commonly found in job and housing advertisements, even that batshit crazy F45 advert! what the fuck.
Singapore couldn't care about lower income people. They've always been second rate citizens. It's always about bending over and sucking up to employers and companies to grow the country like some kind of feverish game.
Singapore doesn't have a cheap hinterland for us to live off the land simply unlike Malaysia, Indonesia, Canada, US etc. It's a perpetual rat race here. I'm all for working hard, but seems like when it's time to slow down, there's not option to do so unlike other countries
Singapore dug its own grave by trying to run the public healthcare system as lean as they could.
Singapore emergency medical services is based in fire stations and certain fire stations have enough ambulances to do a dual-fleet system where the Day ambulances and Night ambulances run for the duration of the 12 hour shift until the incoming shift takes over with their own ambulance. Example, Ambulance A123D runs from 8am to 8pm whilst Ambulance A123 runs from 8pm to 8am the very next day. As a former emergency medical services worker only passing out a few months ago, what's sceptical in the story is that there is the dormitory for fire station personal. Drivers of Singaporean ambulances tend to be older fire station personnel so they do rest in their ambulances when it's in the station for practical purposes since you would only have one minute to acknowledge ops and be dispatched to an emergency call so this story is still reasonable. to be honest its really is unfortunate as many local emergency medical services live with their families that include older family members that are more sceptical to this virus.
Singapore government bought apartheid era South Africa gold to diversify its reserve, while the Western world was barring trade with it. edit also military collab
Singapore has a great healthcare system, friendly maternity leave policies, baby incentives and subsidies, family-friendly infrastructure, and low cost childcare options. Singapore is one of the best places to raise a young child. School life is another issue, I'll admit. Adult workplace issues are in every country, but once you are at that age, you can think about trying to get a job abroad and seeing if you like living overseas.
Singapore has always been, unfortunately. When myself and some others say this on reddit, we get quite a bit of defensive posts.
Singapore has an absolutely massive housing shortage. So what you're seeing is the price of resale units being bidded upwards as incomes rise. It wouldn't be a problem if the government built enough housing.
Singapore has condemned the Russian invasion of Ukraine. But probably not because of principles or concerns over the sanctity of sovereignty but realpolitik. Let's not forget Singapore supported the US in the illegal invasion of Iraq in 2003 and we even sent troops there to support the invasion. This is a clear violation of Iraq's sovereignty so why did we do it? Did we really believe in Colin Powell words that there were WMDs in Iraq? Not so much. Let's see what Bilahari Kausikan wrote we never believed in the rationale given by the Bush administration. and we understood that the administration was in a 'either you are with us or you are against us' mood after 9 or 11 and given America's importance to Singapore, we went along in a way that was useful to America and so gave us a few political points, but minimized the risk to Singaporean lives. These debates in the UK and US have nothing to do with us we act on the basis of the Singapore national interest which has its own considerations. Get real. In other words, we knew that the reasons to invade Iraq were phony and yet we chose to play along and helped the US violate another country's sovereignty because it's in our national interest. This applies to not just Singapore but all nations. Anyone that believes that governments around the world are behaving in a principled manner and basing their decisions on human rights and such are just fooling themselves. In international relations, beneath the veneer of civility is a human jungle where anything goes. If the European countries were really so concerned about sovereignty and such, why did they not sanction the US after all the war crimes and illegal invasions over the past few decades? That's because the US is the world's superpower and it will hurt them to do something so stupid. I'm not condoning Russia's actions. It's horrific and Putin is an animal. But I feel that many people don't realize that our outrage is so easily directed and manipulated.
Singapore has consistently stood for what is right Like jailing teens for blasphemy and arresting OnlyFans creators. Oh yea, and also helping with the invasion of another country.
Singapore has no exit plan.I've seen lots of people on this subreddit comment how we are going back to normal once everyone is vaccinated. If we have nearly 50% fully vaccinated already and cannot even do something as basic as dining in a restaurant, how do you expect drastic changes to happen by the time we are 70-80% fully vaccinated? which by the way, we are only a few weeks away from achieving We will not be going back to normal anytime soon unless people demand we go back to normal. We need to stop looking at case numbers and just focus on the intensive care unit numbers.Anyway, I'm going to be out of work for the 2nd time this year, but hey at least we can soon parade on single-digit case numbers like the childish idiots we have become whilst unemployment and mental health issues skyrocket!
Singapore has zero strategic depth though. Holding out is not enough. Any conflict must end swiftly and decisively or the damage is unrepairable.
Singapore is a small country. If you believe that bigger country is right to invade its small neighbour because the small country don't follow their script, then you are a traitor to our sovereignty. Just like Ukraine, even though we are small, we still have the right to make our own decision without fear of being invaded. We are a sovereign country, not a vassel state of our larger neighbours. Which seems to be what you are implying here. That small countries MUST OBEY their bigger neighbours, otherwise it's their own fault for being invaded. I strongly object to this opinion. As sovereign countries, Ukraine and Singapore have the inalienable right to decide our national policies. While Russia has the rights to be concerned about the possibility of Ukraine joining NATO, invasion is the wrong response. If anything, it just validates the theory that all neighbours of Russia should join NATO else they would be invaded and possibly annexed. The fault lies squarely on Russia's government. edit In case you think I am fear-mongering or theory-crafting, read up on Konfrontasi.
Singapore is a tax haven on par with the Caymans or Jersey and has a business environment on par with London. It attracts the unsavory types because of the ease of doing business and the low taxes.
Singapore is actually part of the simulation that Josh is testing out on. Quick find Grace!
Singapore is also another racist country that desperately tries it's hardest to not act like it
Singapore is designed for high income individual only, doesnt matter the nationality. You can hold spore passport but low income means you dont fit into the system. You can hold foreign passport but high income means you still fit into the system.
Singapore is expected to record 184 cases on Tuesday, said Health Minister Ong Ye Kung during a virtual press conference, adding that while this was not good news, the momentum of increase has slowed. The goverment out there using the second fucking differential to make an argument things are getting better
Singapore is expected to record 184 cases on Tuesday, said Health Minister Ong Ye Kung during a virtual press conference, adding that while this was not good news, the momentum of increase has slowed. whut
Singapore is literally not going to be normal It is literally not going back to normal for these healthcare workers even with restrictions lifted. Their case loads are still going to be higher than pre-pandemic for quite some time. They will still have to work around the strain of stricter infection control measures. What's a real sad state of affairs is that people can't wait a short while longer until hospitalizations actually start decreasing, as is the case for most countries that have started reopening.
Singapore is on the wrong side of history here. Homosexuality is legal countries like India and China. You can get married in Taiwan, and some Japanese cities. We're decades behind.
Singapore is relatively better than some countries where racism that goes to the extent of becoming violence or harassment is more common. But it certainly doesn't live up to the reputation it gets. Racial harmony is a concept that doesn't exist, we are merely tolerating each other's existence with clenched fists and being racist behind closed doors
Singapore is smaller than Kiev, if anyone at all tries to make a push into our borders, they'll be at the Istana within half a day. Doesn't matter how many men we deploy, there is only that much land to defend. The big takeaway for us from this war isn't that we need a stronger army, it's that we need to position ourselves to be able to receive international support if the need arises. Kiev would have fallen by now if NATO and the EU hadn't pitched in with millions of dollars of military aid and humanitarian support.
Singapore is the perfect example of how even with a competent government, people wouldn't be happy. Things can never be perfect and there will always be a sacrifice. Depends on how pragmatic it is for the majority. This subreddit is just constant whining from liberals . Mostly youth who aren't even old enough to understand what it means.
Singapore isn't the same as Ukraine. Just look at the size of our land. Once we are attacked the whole country will quickly fall into the control of the invaders. There is just no feasibility to stay and defend. The plan is to withdraw to other countries like Australia and fight back if I remember correctly.
Singapore living is pricy , but having a coop house is much better than paying rent and not building equity
Singapore mentality against lower level work? even on a parttime basis? It might help our economy if we had students doing parttime work like this and reduce reliance on foreign workers. Also good for training independence and street smarts. Parents though.it's hard to change people's mentality other than by waiting for the next gen to take over. Then again, in Asia alot of our bias is still surfaced out, compared to west where they suppress it internally but really racism and elitism is still prevalent and plain human.
Singapore otter population has always been small, about 30 only, if u control the population they might as well go extinct liao. This is our wildlife that is already struggling to find places to live and eat. They are not the problem. Our development into their homes is.
Singapore population density 8358 per sqkm Our populations are really similar, but their people are arguably spread out way more. Even their densest ? city Copenhagen is around 4500 per sqkm. 2.5x increase where people are not packed together as much and they interact with less people in close proximity on a daily basis, actually means quite a bit. And London do currently still have measures ongoing, just maybe not as onerous as ours arguably are. And them having had more people infected and recovered or dead from previous variants have also in a way left the more 'resilient' population behind, and even then, they still have more cases than us currently. And to make a fair comparison, they have passed their Omicron peak and the 7-day average top was 186,602, or 2,073 per 100,000. We're still on the way to our peak, but I doubt it'll ever reach that kind of dizzying heights. Only thing they do is provide huge inconvenience to people so that they will think twice or trice about going out. Also factor in the fear in the poplulation of the virus. people think covid is dangerous. Which will also naturally result that in more of them locking themselves at home. And I really don't think we have much, if any, people locking themselves at home from fear of covid. The reality on the ground is that people are already treating it mostly as endemic, except for when they do actually test positive. And the messaging have already shifted to assuring that positive doesn't really mean anything, but that is just gonna take time to take root in people's psyche. Omicron hit Dec 2021, became dominant strain in Jan 2022 and we're in Feb 2022. It's been 3 months and big strides are being made to move towards endemic despite us still climbing the peak. I think we have good reason to be optimistic of more loosening measures after we crest that peak.
Singapore redditors laugh at boomers falling for fake news and propoganda. Singapore redditors up vote fake sob story to top of subreddit. Top kek
Singapore should've taken a safer approach to opening up. But people and the government are too eager to open up. Whenever I say something like that I'll get downvoted and people would say things like see we have enough beds or the death rate is not as high . But the hardest part is the human resource required. It's impossible to get so many staff in a short time and the stigma of a glorified maid is still out there. I'm not saying that we shouldn't open up. But we need to take a slower approach if we care for those working in the healthcare. And for those that always think that throwing money at healthcare workers is the solution, that's not how things work.
Singapore strongly condemns any unprovoked invasion of a sovereign country under any pretext. The keywords are unprovoked and any pretext . It can be arguable if Iraq and Afghanistan provoked USA. But to many, including me, the answer is No . For 2nd Iraq war, the evidence that Iraq had WMD is proven to be fake and possibly planted by USA's warmongers. For Afghanistan, as you pointed out, it was Al Qaeda, not the Afghanistan's Taliban government, which conducted the terrorist attacks. While one can argue that the Taliban government sheltered or sponsored the Al Qaeda elements in their country, it is still a different entity which actually did the deed. Al Qaeda is a multinational organisation. Yes. There are differences. But in the context of MFA's statement, the differences are not big enough to say that the principles of any unprovoked invasion of a sovereign country under any pretext . CANNOT be applied to Afghanistan or Iraq. Taking the literal meanings of the statement, Afghanistan and Iraq did not provoke USA directly . Just like Ukraine did not provoke Russia directly by trying to align with EU and NATO.
Singapore to other Singaporeans you fucking donkey Singapore when someone actually supports us internationally MAJULAH SINGAPURA WE'RE ONE UNITED people INDIVISABLE MOTHERFUCKER REGARDLESS OF RACE LANUGAGE OR RELIGION
Singapore when landlord does not allow cooking at home why landlord so picky landlords are bad Singapore when landlord does not allow Indians fair game and well within the rights of owner
Singapore YANGGANG where you guys at! P.S. I created a YangGang Singapore Facebook group months ago no idea what to do with it so I am hoping members can join in and provide their input. Add this at the end of the facebook . com URL. or groups or 694657904617960 or
Singapore'reans in 2017 when they fixed the presidental race yOu kNoW Who nOt tO vOte fOr in ThE NexT Race
Singapore's schools open up for special needs students when a big shot family kid is of age to attend school.
Singaporean courts in general are very very reluctant to declare a statute unconstitutional Scholars thus point out that Singapore's judiciary protects economic interests but takes a conservative approach toward civil-political rights. Indeed, Singaporean courts have not found any legislation to be unconstitutional. Source
Singaporean here recently moved to California. It's not too much different here except NS for boys of course and I expect it to be the same if you're moving to any major cities around the globe. Husband and I ideally want to have kids but looking at the cost of living rising significantly more than salaries and the socio-political and actual physical climates right now, it's really quite disheartening.
Singaporean parents tend to function behind a veneer of hyper conservatism as far as their kids are concerned even if their actual opinions aren't skewed. As for schools given the above situation, it is understandable why they are why they are.
Singaporeans and PRs fair enough. But the bulk of imported cases was from India and other countries wasn't it? Furthermore, why were Indians exempt from 14 day quarantine? They're statistically the highest risk profile of cases this isn't a question of capability and intelligence, it's simply an issue of ignorance and arrogance! Aiyah won't happen one just let them come in how bad can it be? 10 bucks that's what was said at the meeting. Because if they were even a bit afraid to lose, they would have done things differently. And come on . Construction? Your buildings got so important to complete until have to risk a cluster . what the fuck. We already have excess migrant labour workers here in the dorms, have to import more? Backside . Even stupider if we have to import for economy and business - just adapt, compromise, and fucking use zoom.
Singaporeans are one of the most overworked nationality. According to the study, more than 25% of our population is overworked, with Singaporeans spending an average of 51.1 hours a week working or commuting to work.
Singaporeans be crowding in Ikea and have the guts to tell others what to do
Singaporeans get the government they deserve. If these words can be uttered against someone who represents the peasants, it's not hard to conclude what he thinks of the latter!
Singaporeans in Ukraine were urged to leave or contact the Ministry of Foreign Affairs MFA if they needed assistance like 2 weeks ago. I think MFA probably contacted their Malaysian counterparts for assistance since we do not have an embassy or a diplomatic mission in Ukraine.
Singaporeans really accept whatever the government says and that's the most astounding thing in all this
sir which part of I'm waiting for university did you not understand did you fail O levels listening
Sister, don't lose heart. At that age a good foundation is definitely important, but what the child chooses to do as he or she grows is what makes or break them. I too came from a prestigious secondary school where my T score of 244 was the cut off point. I suffered a lot academically, coming in last in level a few times. Fast forward, now I run two businesses, and a bunch of peers from triple science stream are taking up an entire floor in an insurance company. They were and are smart people, but they went through life blindly thinking that their university degree would provide a bright future with HDB and frequent holidays to Hokkaido. All the best girl! Your heart is in the right place! edit Thought OP was a boy my bad
Sit them down calmly, and explain to them that you will be moving out by X date , and that it is not a discussion or asking for permission, it is a notification. , if you're of legal age and you're not on good terms with them, you don't really need to tell them in advance. Just rent, move things over a few days, then poof . Then you message them and tell them you have moved out.
Sitting in training shed waiting for very late transport back to camp at midnight also considered rest.
Skills? Brother, CCT is to train you to get your ass kicked in a bar. You want actual training you need to get lessons from legitimate martial art practitioners. Not those Cisco mfers. Your average soldier isn't going to know how to defend himself effectively in one on one unarmed combat because in actual war, you do not fight fair. Nobody is trained to fight fair. The moment you have to go into unarmed combat with an enemy means you done fucked up majorly. At that point in time, you'd get a rock or a branch and bash that fucker's head in and or you get your buddy to fuck him up with you. CCT is really just to make space or stun the fucker enough for you to do so.
Sky Premium is a Singapore-based members' exclusive privilege services club that advertises heavily on Instagram etc. The Japanese secondary investigated and suspended them last year for losing around 70 billion yen of Japanese customers' money, but I've never seen the local press even mention this.
Slept through it. Didn't even know till I saw the news in my phone notification when I woke up.
Slide 5 - 'Inclusion' - commanders who willingly undertake the burden of ensuring their soldiers never feel that their opinion is unimportant during peacetime - won't have to beg their soldiers to shed their own blood for their country in return during wartime.
Slippery slope much. There is always a cost to every action, or inaction. Just because you or your social groups are not bearing the cost, doesn't mean no harm is being done to someone else in society. I can give you numerous ethical and philosophical arguments why the majority in society should actively seek to uplift the most vulnerable in society. John Rawl's theory of justice would be a start. Conversely it will be hard to prove if the action of uplifting the vulnerable creates any disincentive for the majority. In this instance, say the Ministry of Education relaxes their dress code to allow for exceptions in school rules for students who have been medically diagnosed with gender dysphoria disorder, and will revamp their sex education to be more supportive and non-discriminatory to people of LGBTQ+ orientation. How does this impinge on your rights or societal stability? Would you be able to back that up with concrete evidence or longitudinal studies? Learn to live and let live. Clinging on to the good ol' days isn't a good look, especially when we as a nation are already decades behind many social issues compared to peers in the region or partners globally.
Slippery slope, insulting tone. You have pretty much gone mask off. Good on you for finally showing your true thoughts.
Small Muay Thai practitioner here. If unavoidable and in an enclosed space like this, get into a corner and cover up. Keep your back protected and to the wall at all times. You want to avoid being hit in the back of the head could kill you or falling onto your back also could kill you . You shouldn't do anything else. Just pray for help. Retaliating would aggrevate the attacker. The only thing a trained person might do different is to make space then run away. Someone untrained is unlikely able to do that safely and should not try.
Smlj spread or don't spread so what? Everyone saw it on tv liao what you gonna do
SMS 71999 if you can't talk. Use the SGSecure app to send information. Provide details about the attack. Stop others from going towards danger areas.
Snakes and spiders and bats are friends! Just because they dont come 4 legged dont mean they baddies
So 40% died with at least 1 vac, and 60% died fully unvaxxed. Is this interpretation correct? I think I might be dumb that I don't get your math.How did you get 40% died with at least 1 vac? At least 1 vac is the orange and dark blue bars, right?That's barely 5% total even if you summed up the percentage directly. edit Add some math % vaccinated equals to 3+1+1 equals to 5 All equals to 5 + 20 + 9 + 4+ 1 equals to 39 % of % vaccinated out of all equals to 5 or 39 x 100 equals to 12.8205 Still doesn't come close to what you wrote
So am I. It has nothing to do with the race of people and everything to do with the amount of covid cases.
So an area has a deadly disease which killed everyone. But we want to allow our people to go there for funerals for the people killed by the disease, and then come back to our disease free land? Yeah how about No? It sucks not being able to attend funerals, but logic must preside over emotions. My Malaysian friend missed her mother's funeral while she chose to stay in Singapore during cheebye. Use your common sense before flying to the most infected areas.
So are gyms closed? Or will they implement a mask on policy. I really hope it's the latter or
So authoritarian that you're all fine with going against something enshrined in your constitution. Guess the Singaporean citizenship and constitution are not worth the paper it is printed on. Might as well use your passport and constitution as toilet paper instead of rushing to hoard some from supermarkets.
So based on the comment does this mean wants another lockdown now? Because the numbers are showing the hospitalization and intensive care unit rate is still manageable but if you think those in the ivory tower has no clue what they are doing and we should listen to people on the ground than the solution is another lockdown which will allow down infection Fact is intensive care unit and hospitalization rate is not that bad, it's worse than normal times, duh, we're right in the middle of a pandemic but it's not that bad. The guys at the top know what they are talking about. The hospitals are being swarmed by people who can mostly recover from home. From the ground it looks really bad because they are busy dealing with them but people are not dying due to neglect. That's why the situation is still coping well. They need more manpower to deal with this temporary extra load but it doesn't mean it's doing badly
So be it. Better than the legislative limbo. That was a great lesson in not counting your chickens till they hatch arguably the 2016 election was more galling . Let it show on the record where the different stratas of society like non-governmental organizations and institutions or even better, politicians stand on this issue. Even if the repealment fails, there will be clear lines in the sand whether there are groups that need to be swayed and persuaded for another attempt in the future, and force the government of the day to respect the mandate to reconcile the contradiction and police an unenforceable law, or die trying to prove their previous hypocritical stance to be a correct one. I'd argue that some pain in the short term would be preferable as a inflection point for society to move forward on the issue collectively, rather than bickering over a Schroedinger's law and an unquantifiable silent majority.
So be it. Democracy has spoken, for better or worse. I'd much prefer that than the political theatre that our courts, AGC and AG, MHA and MinLaw all put up whenever 377a comes up as a topic. It's been over a decade since this came up to public consciousness, and absolutely fuckall has moved because MinLaw loves using the silent moral or religious majority as a straw man to justify their inaction and irreconcilable stance for this law in limbo. Make the politicians put their money where their mouth is. If they're truly just representing the religious and are receptive to the changing of times and will of their people, then let us unequivocally express our will as a people and legislate whatever the outcome may be.
So Bentley is the white elite of the car world? Lambo is the rich man son?
So capped at two people - ok. What if you have 4 in your family, you live together. Are you not allowed to go out together?
So close! But a good fight nevertheless. She may not have won a medal but she made it much further than expected and even took down some strong competition along the way!
So do most of the UN unfortunately. Reunification is fait accompli. Just a matter of a peaceful one or a violent one.
So does that mean that any Malay in Singapore can just change their religion in their official record?
So easy to scam people in Singapore. So many people so oblivious to being taken advantage of.
So every single one here calling others boomers also ageist even if they are just insensitive? Asking for a friend
so fans of soccer teams shouldnt say we won! when their team wins right because they actually never do shit? people who watch olympics also cannot cheer for their country i guess since they sitting on their asses at home
So far, they have removed mandatory weekly ART tests for all construction site workers, hope that is a sign that will allow them to go out soon.
So fucking proud of the voters of Seng Kang GRC. Much respect to the testicular fortitude displayed
So getting into RI is the benchmark is it? Just asking for the rest of Singapore.
So going to hire more SDA to enforce, can artificially solve unemployment and GDP, till real world economics catch up
So grateful for Pritam. What a leader and an example of sheer class to everyone. Am very glad he is still my MP
So happy WP won Sengkang and kept Hougang or Aljunied, it's a big middle finger to People's Action Party lmfao, People's Action Party thought they could win through gutter politics but their plan backfired big time
So hilarious guys. My wife cannot take the shot and has to follow up a surgery in a mall, now she cannot enter the clinic. Well planned .
So his point would be valid if you didn't do well in life? Rude is rude, doesn't matter if he was right or not.
So homosexuals are 2nd class citizens? They shouldn't be put into consideration because religion said so? Oh right, because we never stated clearly that Singapore is a secular state only described as secular in passing at the parliament 50 years ago.
So how can we actually help them? Deploy non-hospital staff redeployed SDAs for example to guide a&e walk-ins on what to do, warning them of the wait time if they do not exhibit any severe symptoms. Heck, start a shuttle service to push mild cases to GPs in the area. These waves will not end until we build community immunity. It's a matter of whether you do it slow or do it fast.
So I guess herd immunity plan just went out the window right? This plan is stupid.
So idiots who say you can die whether you have the vaccine are technically true, but extremely misleading where your chances of dying are vastly greater if not fully vaxed and this is ignoring the other complications
So if we were to adopt this suggestion and put up no strong spice and one day you do a spot check and you smell strong spice in the house. Do you say they have breached the contract? What if they say it's not them, the smell came in from another unit somewhere? How can you verify the statement objectively?
So instead of having them immediately start contributing to the economy, let's spend on them instead? The current policy of having second gen serve makes the most sense. Only invest in those who have the highest chance of actually staying.
So is this going to be addressed and is he going to apologise? If the roles were switched and it was the opposition making those snide remarks, I'd bet it would be all over mainstream media by now and probably fired too who would dare criticise our precious ministers?
So it seems like the sub is okay with risking the life of a Singaporean overseas. Even when if they come back they get 21 day quarantine
So it turns out this tough guy was more of a pussy than previously thought. Interesting.
So it's always good if you can buy a primary property for security of a roof over your head. The problem with this sub and younger folks in general is that they don't think in terms of practicality, stability, or security. It's all about lifestyle. So it cracks me up when they rent unnecessarily, overpurchase insurance premiums, overspend with credit cards, and wonder why they're perpetually broke.
So it's closed for 1m? Nice PS attempt but the font is wrong and the sign is mirrored . But still funny
So it's ok to ban flights from China but not flights from India? This is perfectly reasonable to keep covid cases low in Singapore.
So it's ok to ban flights from China but not flights from India? This is perfectly reasonable to keep covid cases low in Singapore. Guys we found the people without sense of humour
so its better to not have such laws against it at all? or is it better to have it openly say no blacks and go back to the apartheid era. You're being disengenous Change is never instant and you dont even understand the first steps required. And condescending. But for what?
so its better to not have such laws against it at all? or is it better to have it openly say no blacks and go back to the pre MLK era. Change is never instant and you dont even understand the first steps required.
so just because it's always been there it's okay to keep doing that? you're so close to the point yet you still miss good whataboutism, love that, super great point
so just because it's always been there it's okay to keep doing that? you're so close to the point yet you still miss good whataboutism, love that, super great point Let's have a look at one of the most upvoted comments Why do so many people discriminate against Indian tenants? Why is that not illegal? Why is a 2 bedder in boonlay almost 4k or month? So many questions. My comments This has been repeated so many times it's so stupid. A brief search on apartment rental websites and you will see preferences from landlords stating their preferences for different ethnicities and nationalities. This has always been there and it is not exclusive to just Indians. Who is missing the point?
So just wondering, how many of you are parents here? How do you actually teach your children with regards to the birds and the bees? I feel that it is more the parents responsibility to be the ones teaching their children instead of leaving it to just the schools.
So let me get this correct, if someone of a different race says my cultural thingy is weird in public, im suppose to be fine with it because you also happen to think your cultural thingy is weird in your mind and voicing it out on the internet for others to read? Do you see how many logical flaws you did to justify, defend your race?
So Malaysia just turn off water without invasion and Singapore wants to start war? Whats the difference between this and Russia? There is actually a sound reason behind this, rooted in international rule of law and intimately intertwined with the reason for Singapore's existence as a sovereign country. In the Agreement relating to the separation of Singapore from Malaysia as an independent and sovereign state Article IV states The Government of Malaysia will take such steps as may be appropriate and available to them to secure the enactment by the Parliament of Malaysia of an Act in the form set out in Annex B to this Agreement and will ensure that it is made operative as from Singapore Day, providing for the relinquishment of sovereignty and jurisdiction of the Government of Malaysia in respect of Singapore so that the said sovereignty and jurisdiction shall on such relinquishment vest in the Government of Singapore in accordance with this Agreement and the constitutional instruments annexed. And in Annex B clause 14, we have the following Mutual government guarantees of water agreements The Government of Singapore shall guarantee that the Public Utilities Board of Singapore shall on and after Singapore Day abide by the terms and conditions of the Water Agreements dated 1st September, 1961, and 29th September, 1962, entered into between the City Council of Singapore and the Government of the State of Johore. The Government of Malaysia shall guarantee that the Government of the State of Johore will on and after Singapore Day also abide by the terms and conditions of the said two Water Agreements. Singapore's position is that if Malaysia turns off our source of water from Johor, they are no longer abiding by the terms of the agreement which is the source of Singapore's sovereignty, and therefore are calling directly into question the validity of Singapore's independence, statehood and sovereignty. This is why Singapore considers Malaysia unilaterally turning off water from Johor as an act of war, or at least one which justifies war.
So many keyboard warriors. when you're in such a situation as a victim or as a bystander you think you'll react one way but in reality you will react another, and usually that is concern for one owns safety. Don't judge. Been in far worse situation
So many of them even questioning is it really Indian strain when every idiot and their dog could see it coming. edit and I just saw one familiar user asking is the Indian strain really from India. For fuck sake seriously fuck off. There is no sense in these idiots.
so maybe she really isn't so mad after all you know? It's just that the filter is gone in her brain.
so meaning that let's say if i know my roommate frequently hooks up with guys and one day decide to report him to police, whether or not this report is followed up with and investigated with roommate being hauled to court is dependent on whether AG announces a public notice of intention to prosecute 377A cases, and roommate continues his hookups even after that? full disclosure i do not have a roommate
So much for calling it an endemic. Here we are doing our responsibility and due diligence only to be sabo by the clownery called anti-vaxx boomers who can't keep it in their pants. And the only saving grace for our ailing mental health - i.e. dining with friends and going to the gym will be taken away from us? I know this sounds selfish but it's frustrating how we suffer from the irresponsibility of others so only let these stubborn guys suffer . We expect that these cases will rise and fall - live with it! Or copy France's approach or whatever. Walao eh
So much for the argument there will be less stress if the kids don't need to take the o levels
So much going on in there right now I think i've got my entertainment fix for awhile at least
So next time Putin type against in the search bar he will have a list of countries to nuke because everyone is against him, easy job
so now i know that merlion hid his little arms or fins? under his luscious mane all this time! So cute.
So on that last line. Does it mean that you can be gay, but if you do gay things that's illegal. Hmm makes little sense but such is law.
So Ong Ye Kung got a shred of credibility left? And you guys were downvoting me when I said the People's Action Party are a bunch of liars
So only Russians who do not support the invasion are good people? Who and what are you to make such a determination? This is a Russian-Ukranian affair that goes beyond geopolitical interests into a racial history that few of us little turtles in Singapore can understand. Everyone is entitled to their own views. Stop being holier-than-thou and slamming people when you are sitting far far away and the only source of information you are getting from the war is from the MSM.
So only Russians who do not support the invasion are good people? Yeap. Whatever the political disagreements there were, nothing justifies this invasion. You can try and change my mind if you like. Happy to discuss.
So pretty much like any conservative country? In the nature course of things it'll be repealed eventually. I wouldn't be surprised if it gets repealed in 10 years
So rather than have laws in black and white they are signaling to people that they can freely make shit up as they go then?
So sad to hear of people who cannot differentiate between civilians and the government. The civilians don't want this at all!
So scared of appearing xenophobic, now whole country have to lockdown, affecting the economy even more. Penny wise, pound foolish.
So sorry that you had to go through this. 1. Teenagers are brutal 2. Everyone is a little racist, unfortunate but true. I grew up in Malaysia and even when I was young, I would hear from people family or friends that X race is this, and Y race is that, basically generalizing a whole race as being one way or another. For me, I just try to give everyone the benefit of the doubt, but I also catch myself generalizing every now and then. All-in-all, we are all just a little racist, but we need to try to be better people and not do or say things to hurt someone else. You do you and don't change who you are. Try your best to drown out all the negativity.
So sorry to hear this is happening to your school, glad to hear you are safe now What an ordeal, just know we here for you.
So sorry. Very sympathetic to all of you just trying to celebrate a joyous occasion in your life and having to deal with all of this.
so strong I remember once my brothers were snatching a 10 dollar note in the car and it snapped into half in a very satisfying pop
So tell me, who is pulling triggers on the ground? Certainly not the Russians selling some fuckin dumplings in Singapore right?
So that is fair enough - I'll concede that bit of the argument to you. Thank you, I appreciate the open mind toward this. It's however a painfully skewed comparison with a landlord who will live in the same unit as their tenant I'll concede to that this particular situation is a lot more nuanced than the rest, given than the landlord will be living with the tenant. Lifestyle and personality clashes are definitely an important consideration. But I'd also like to say that at the end of the day, this is still an economic transaction at its core it would be very problematic to say that racial discrimination is allowed if it's conducted as a small scale, but not OK if it's at industrial scale. Also, there's a difference between rejecting a tenant because you do not think you would be able to live with such a tenant after meeting with them and considering seriously, and just flat out saying NO INDIANS or MALAY or RACE . which seems to be what we see most of the time. a landlord who intends to move themselves and or or their family back into the unit after a certain period of time or otherwise see their residential property as more than just a disposable business asset. My opinion to this is the same as my initial reply you're taking a risk that the apartment will not be coming back the same way you rented it out for a chance at profit that the rental you charged to the tenant is more than your mortgage as well as whatever damages incurred . If the landlord is concerned that the property would not be returned as rented out, then they could hedge the risk by imposing certain conditions, security deposits, or charging higher rent to cover the risk of damages. Or not rent it out at all. It is still an economic transaction after all. Society has no obligation to make every business transaction a profitable transaction. Of course, charging higher deposit because the landlord has concluded that the tenant is very likely to not return it in original condition opens up another can of worms as to how the conclusion was arrived at, and frankly one which I have no satisfactory reply to. But that is, in my opinion, a lot more preferable to what we're seeing here, which is simply locking out certain racial segments of society from the market. Some commenters have said, and also likely the de facto way of discriminating on the ground Okay , then I just say I accept all races, then when Indians apply I just reject. Now BOTH parties can waste their time. which, to be honest, is very disappointing and discouraging to me, because they have internalised the idea that racial discrimination, for whatever reasons, is acceptable. They just need to do it in a way that provides plausible deniability. Again to this, I have no satisfactory response, other than that we need to be pushing back and educating this, and that hopefully with time, attitudes will change.
So that people have time to fix their planned outings to 5 people only. Also I feel if it's immediate not everyone will be aware on time and use that as an excuse if get caught
So that they can have the privilege of serving this great nation if they are male
So the international sanctions from every single country on earth with rubles falling to less than 1 cent USD is not gonna make a dent in their economy and arms purchase? You are a monkey. You are pulling stats from a non-warring country to a warring country getting heavily sanctioned by the whole word. Nice bloody comparison. Russia's Ukraine war budget was taken or saved pre-war, shit that needs to be bought were bought before they launched their invasion. Whatever taxes the Russians doing business here had to pay now is either negligible or isn't getting into the war budget, given how every country is doing their best to cripple Russia's economy.
So the only form of socializing allowed from this Sunday onwards is to go on dates? Alright no more excuses lads.
So then it's also not ok for homeowners to say only females or no smokers ? Is that sexist and anti-smoker behavior? Where is the outrage regarding this? Shouldn't we be inclusive in the 21st century? I am being sarcastic
So these clusters would have formed during the ph2a or previous round of restrictions.how are these restrictions supposed to help?!
So they are the same as the ones lining the streets. For whatever reason the ones in urban areas look more domed. Thanks for the answer
So this dude , dint feel like protesting or voicing out last year since March and suddenly when there is a surge in India he holds a placard saying We are not racist what a joke
So tiring. Back to Stuff'ed which will see super long queues again and McDonald's. And eating at car parks, roadside, under the trees, hopefully in good weather if I have to be outdoors.
So true, our tired minds are filled with worries that no amount of work can solves. And I literally dreamt of work, and the worst part is I still have to do the work again in the morning!
so true. compare a straight A student whose parents spend thousands on monthly tuition and studies all day w no life VS someone w wisdom, creativity, maturity of thought, kindness etc but doesn't do as well in sch. it's rather obvious who will be more valuable to society. unfortunately there's no good way to measure character so people still emphasize so much on grades
so ukranian life is more valuable than an african's or south asian's life? I can't really tell if your point is that people aren't educated about the details of the Ukraine-Russia conflict, or that people should be equally cognizant and vocal about all the conflicts and atrocities in the world, but either way, putting words in people's mouths is a great way to make people ignore whatever you're saying.
so ukranian life is more valuable than an african's or south asian's life? so you don't actually care about the suffering of people, you just have a political agenda, which is perfectly fine.
so upsetting. i was a fresh grad when the pandemic kicked in, lived in a period of uncertainty. getting rejection emails from jobs every other week. took me a year plus to finally get an internship. i literally started a week and a half ago. i am so fucking happy finally doing what i truly love. even though whatever i'm doing is considered an essential service, i still am getting flashbacks of anxiety during my time in circuit breaker. please stay safe everyone. we know who fucked up here. and i'm as angry and frustrated. i am thinking of those who are in limbo, or who might get thrown into limbo again. let's just do the best we can to stay healthy for us and our vulnerable family members. be safe
So was Ronald Reagan he was an actor before he ran for president. Your point being?
So what is going to happen with Ukrainians in Singapore? In many countries Ukrainians can stay free in hotels until things calm down or may get a longer visa or PR.
So what would you do. if perchance you found these buggers raiding your fish? Or more seriously, what should you do?
So what's wrong with it? Luckily, unlike western world, we are not destroying society and educate kids that traditional, nuclear family is important. Whatever our kids choose to believe in, lgbtqwhatever will be their choice, but family values are important.
So when firms choose expats over local majority populace, why does it cause so much brouhaha. A firm should be allowed to employ whoever they want. Unfortunately the firm might have some reservations against hiring a local but that's their preference.
So wholesome! Quite interesting when the villagers said that our $2 notes seemed expensive to them. Pretty eye-opening video here.
So why are females not conscripted as well? Doesn't make sense that with our already small population, only males can be called on in times of war. Deploy them into non-combat roles if it's too unpalatable, they can serve as medics or nurses or support staff as well.
So you are suggesting that the elderly put on full urban combat gear, in order to defend a country the size of a Fiat Punto, which will be occupied faster than you can say Merdeka? Even Bhutan's navy scoffs at your proposal.
So you can have a son who can serve 2 year NS to protect the FTs and 1st generation PRs who will probably make up 49% of the total Singapore population by 2035.
So you see zero issue with creating stories based on blatantly false narratives that our healthcare workers are overworked with 4 straight shifts eating biscuits, that it has gotten so bad that hawkers are not even serving food to healthcare professionals and that somehow they are also at the same time so paranoid as to ask others to leave food on the ground for them to pick up. in a time of panic and paranoia. I will repeat this once again. It is never a good idea to create a false story no matter how noble your intentions. In this case its obviously clickbait for likes and shares im genuinely surprised at the amount of folks who believe in this story when previous similar stories often gets mocked when old folks share them.
So you won't give any solution to address the bullying but you want the victim to give a response explaining a basic concept which the bully should already know? by the way, that response won't work for bullies who have already made up their minds to 'other' a person for the fun of it. Parents need to teach their children and teachers need to call out racism actively
So you're not wrong, but the guy you're replying to has a deeper point he seems to have misunderstood. The point is that there are a decently large number of races or ethnicities or nationalities with ties to specific religions. Like if you said Japanese, I'd guess Shinto. If you said Arab, I'd guess Islam. If you said Italian, I'd guess Catholic. If you said British, I'd guess Protestant. Other races or ethnicities don't. Punjabi and Bengali, for example are split between Hinduism and Islam. Irish are split between the majority Catholic South and the majority Protestant North. China specifically has no connection, for two reasons the PRC has been destroying organized religion for decades, and many Chinese myths and tales take elements of multiple religions. Lao Tzu, Confucius, and Buddha can be found in tales as equally venerable figures with mystical powers, despite being figures of different religious movements Taoism, Confucianism, and Buddhism respectively . In general terms, while it might be a statistically valid assumption to say that someone of the Malay or Sundanese or Javanese ethnicities are a Muslim, that doesn't mean that the assumption is a good one. This is what they're missing, and it applies to all ethnic or racial or national linkages to religion. It's not a good assumption because having the assumption is going to be offensive to the group you're assuming against. They're going to be mad about you making the assumption. For an assumption to be a good one, it has to be inoffensive. Like my personal assumption is that everyone doesn't particularly care about religion, which is a good assumption because I'm not really going to offend many people if I make that assumption. Maybe some devout folks if I start eating before doing their pre-meal rites but honestly most don't seem to care even if they are of that kind of religion.
So you're saying it's ok for one race to exclude other races because they experienced the same thing? Two wrongs don't make a right. And all lives do matter, what's wrong with that statement? Are you insinuating that some live don't?
So, how many religions in the world are closely tied to the race? The other one I can think of is Judaism which is the religion of the Jews.
So, what do you think are the reasons behind the cancellation of the contract? Any malicious intent? Did you even read the quote above or are you still going to hold on to your biased narrative? Because worst things have happened to Singapore aside from this. Even RK's saga has more points for discussion over this handover issue
Social conservatives would do well to remember that illiberalism can easily be weaponised to silence our voices if the People's Action Party ever finds it to its political advantage. Are the Malays properly represented in the political arena?
Social media is aggravating it too, where people chase luxury lifestyle beyond their means just for some internet points and attention. But then again, if more internet points means that companies are more likely to sponsor too, so it's an investment as what some of the influenza wannabes are thinking.
social medias cant be used to reflect one government claims.part of why this world is a mess is becuz of social medias. even the US have this problems
Society will still progress at a snail's pace though. I mean in the 30s short skirts were unthinkable, so at this rate we'll probably have legal LGBT marriage in 2085, encouraged casual sex in 2147 and jail for not being nude in public in 2548.
soldiers who think that they are badass usually turn out to be the most useless people in the group. you need level minded people who are willing to do a job rather fetishise it
solid la! I play on my kid's one is damn irritating I have more fun than her
Some good old Adderall does the trick for boosting studying concentration I am being sarcastic Don't do it, these things mess people up esp in south korea and usa
Some how I manage to have positive return from my wedding. I kept my invitation list small, and I only invited relatives not even distance relative and close friends. I notice they give a bigger red packets. Having say the above, I am not cultivating that you use your wedding to earn money.
Some may say that singapore is better in that overt racism is rare as compared to European countries Who?
Some may say that we should not condemn individuals for mistakes and indiscretions. This is not a mistake. A mistake is relying perhaps on wrong data sets, or maybe neglecting blind spots when implementing measures. That is perfectly understandable, as to err is to be human. This, however, is not a mistake but a reflection of his world view, one that is snobbish and sneers at the populace he claims to serve. A half assed apology does not suffice. Hes not sorry for those remarks, hes sorry for getting caught.
Some neighbourhood pai kia school. I think it's partly because they parachuted a VP from an elite school to be our Principal. Maybe that's why we had personal finance course instead of Adam Khoo. Which also explains the general attitude of aiyah stupid fluff . Already hard to get people there to pay attention during normal subjects or they really alr struggling in O level subjects .
Some of them think homosexuality equals to getting aids. MediaCorp helped to push that agenda too a couple of months ago with one of their shitty shows.
Some of us are just old and our parents are from an era where corporal punishment was societally acceptable . Judging by the sarcasm and tales of emotional trauma in the comments, no one's arguing that it's a good thing. E Spelling
Some old guy who wanted to make a crooked bridge and threaten Singapore's water supply. Used to have the influence to almost do that, but not anymore.
some operational realities cannot be covered by simply throwing more money, meat and bones onto it
Some people are the worst, they don't seem to understand this. Maybe they think their religion is the ultimate truth and no compromises in between. Even forcing their children to adopt their religion, any resistance will end up in physical abuse.
Some people choose to have children even though it hurts themfinancially because they believe having children can bring joy to theirlife, not because they miscalculated some investment return As someone who is cutting down on my own spending and paying costly insurance and investment plans for my kids so that they don't need to do it themselves in the future, I guess I belong to these group of people. I didn't do this as a monetary investment or an ROI when they grow up, I did this as an investment for them, so that they'd have more options when they reach adulthood as they'd have money in their bank account. At the same time, I am also padding my own retirement fund so I don't need to burden them. I definitely don't understand why there's this oft-seen comment that people are relying on their kids for retirement. If anything, i think most parents like myself would hope they never have to burden their kids and have them live their own lives happily.
Some people will never learn that citizens of a country are completely separate than the government that rules over them
Some places are already doing this but guess it's going to expand to more places then.
Some potentially affected products include chips, semiconductors, maybe processed gasses. I think also this may hit financial transfers.
Some strikes are legit illegal tho, cant elbow from 12 to 6 when the guy is on the ground
Some things are more important than more money and savings, especially if you are already financially stable. Do I wish I could save away that extra $850 a month for investments? Sure. But renting is amazing for my peace of mind.
Some venues have a tablet or phone to tap in that registers both check-in and vaccination status if that's what you were asking. Maybe it's a matter of time that such devices get widespread
Some venues have a tablet or phone to tap in that registers both check-in and vaccination status if that's what you were asking. The annoying thing is that everyone will have to double-check that the last 3 digits of the national registration identity card displayed are theirs, and the device has a good chance of detecting someone who's behind in the queue as well.
Somebody has got to catch this scumbag. That stomp from the attacker definitely broke a few ribs
Somebody please do the opposite. Get a bunch of Singaporeans and give them a rupee note. comedy ensues
Somehow I don't think it's legal. You can't discriminate based on race or religion in Singapore. It's written into our Constitution.
Somehow nobody mentioned Singapore's most famous or infamous male teenager who never served NS and were caught in US as a pedo.
Someone actually posted this - Go neighbourhood market. No aircon kind. We can survive without mall shopping. Can malls survive without us? Because your spending or lack thereof is really gonna bankrupt the malls
Someone should tell him Ukraine ended conscription in 2013 while Russia still has it. And now the Russian juggernaut is having difficulty defeating Ukraine's smaller but more professionally trained army. edit Ukraine did reinstate conscription in 2014. President Zelensky announced last month that by next year Ukraine will end conscription and expand the regular force by 100,000.
Someone start an online petition to stop the ndp parade and divert funds to relieve f&b owners
Someone very dear to me sought similar help when they needed it, and I'm grateful they made that choice every day. I'm sorry you're in a position to explain yourself. Good on you for seeking help when you need it.
Someone with high IQ but no EQ will be the brilliant asshole - a high performer that no one will fire because they do such good work but no one will promote because they step on too many toes. Someone with high EQ but no IQ will be the well-meaning idiot - a low performer that no one really has the heart to fire but no one will want to promote either. But in reality, if you were the boss and had to let go one of them, who would you pick.?
Sometimes I just wanna question these salespeople why are they even working for such companies in the first place.
Sometimes I think i look either like a pauper or the most unfriendly face, one look from me, the hard sellers stepped away. of course , when it comes to interviews , I also lose out
Sometimes it works out well on TADA. But they don't have a lot of drivers so it's tough to find a can when one needs it most. The service otherwise Is pretty good.
sometimes people do things they don't expect themselves doing. sometimes people are psychopaths. the two students do not know each other as per preliminary findings as reported. intervention by counsellors maybe, but the counsellor to student body ratio is too huge? and not every student gets flagged out. just my 2cents
Sometimes, it's not about the data, so much as the story you are trying to sell with the data. In this case, the story they are trying to sell is that if you are elderly, please go take your booster jab. Think back to an article few days ago where they said that the bulk of those who didn't take their booster shot were seniors. Grouping fully vacc with boosted together would not allow them to sell this story.
Sometimes, optimism. Sometimes, ignorance. Treating children as retirement plan is so yesterday's era. It no longer works. Just look at China's one child policy. Now, each married couple of the first batch of only child has to not only support their own child, they also have to support both spouses 4 parents, and sometimes even their 4 grandparents, if they're lucky or unlucky . Question here is, are you willing to put your child into this bottomless shit hole? Not forgetting that you've got to slog your life away to make sure your child gets the best in life, you can possibly afford. In the end, who wins? Seems like a lose-lose situation for both you and your child. The only party who is likely to win is the government - more taxpayers to finance public policies.
sooner or later just ignore and say no speak bad english. or just move the sign.
Sorry , they will break in and help themselves. You got bread basket also no use.
Sorry about that, I meant Abhramic religions, which compromises of Judaism, Christianity, Islam and more. While modern followers of Judaism generally do not proselytize, the religion is considered an actively proselytizing religion till the time of Constantine.
Sorry brother. Dealing with the walking dead is not something I can help you with. You'd probably need napalm. Lots of napalm. And marshmallows. Can't have a campfire without marshmallows.
Sorry but just because someone does a couple of ugly emotional drawings doesn't make them right. The reality is that the measures don't work, and loosening them which isn't happening anyway makes no difference to the health workers situation.
Sorry but you really don't know what you're talking about, at all. You're really a perfect example of the dunning kruger effect right now. You have no idea what you don't know. Unilateral sanctions is a term used by all countries and has been used for decades by all countries and organizations on all sides, in government, in law, in academia etc. Here's some education for you Feeling Good or Doing Good Inefficacy of the U.S. Unilateral Sanctions Against the Military Government of Burma or Myanmar Let me break it down for you. You go ahead and email all the academics of the entire world and tell them that unilateral being placed in front of sanctions is stupid. Go ahead. Then get back to me. Thanks.
Sorry excuse my mini rant. Honestly I found it disturbing as we go into the pandemic how the healthcare workers are praised as heroes. Don't get me wrong, this is not to invalidate their work and without the dedication and commitment of healthcare workers, this society will collapse. But this heroes nomination seems to keep forgetting that they're human too, with desires to take a good long break and enjoy their time with loved ones, do their own thing. No, the media and society wants to keep calling them heroes while putting borderline inhumane expectations on them. The romanticism blows over in a moment and healthcare workers are back in an exhaustive environment with no rest in sight. A lot has changed for me over the two years but I didn't expect that I would begin to hate the word heroes . It's empty praise. When I had to bring my grams to a&e after a fall last year, i was obviously distraught but at the back of my head I was wondering how the doctors and nurses rushing about, being demanded every minute, still had the capacity to be gentle with a panicking person and say reassuring words. It's amazing, the way they did that. It's insane how they're mistreated by those they take care of. I only hope we learn empathy during these times and be better to HWCs.
Sorry for asking. What is strategic depth in the context of Singapore? Can you kindly eloborate.
Sorry for your experience man but it is incredibly judgemental to base everything on a few China tourists you've seen or heard.
Sorry I don't quite get your question, brain not working properly now. Are you saying that the general public opinion shouldn't be taken into account over medically proven studies or data?
Sorry if it comes across different . When you've been married almost thirty years, people say stupid stuff, get pissy, but ultimately forgive and work on issues.
Sorry if this is an ignorant question. Just genuinely curious. Does this mean you'd be able to have pet dogs? I've seen people in other Islamic countries for example Arabs etc. own dogs and have always been curious whether they are agnostic or Muslims in their country just aren't as strict about owning dogs. edit Okay some of you replied saying dogs can be owned for purposes like hunting or guarding. I'm talking owning dogs purely as a pet. Like tiny dogs that serve no purpose at all.
Sorry that the system has failed you and others, silencing you all under the crushing weight of the bureaucracy.
Sorry that you're probably being downvoted for a very rational and valid opinion. Some idealists on this sub want progress at the expense of stability and at all cost unfortunately.
Sorry to hear about your experience OP. Some thoughts and reflections as an Singapore chinese 1. Chinese privilege in Singapore is a very real thing. We need to be more aware and call it out whenever we see it. Actually, we first need to admit it exists. 2. Racism is not binary yes or no. If it is, everyone you speak with will not be a racist , but yet minorities are on the receiving end of microaggressions and overt racism so often. I think it's more important to question our prejudices and stereotypes that lead to certain behavior. 3. When kids behave like shit, it's largely due to their parents. My parents said some pretty racist things behind closed doors back when I was a kid. Agree with other posters that bullying affect all kids but that's conflating different issues together. 4. I've lived as a minority overseas in both English and non-English countries, and experienced overt racism e.g., heckling on the streets, name calling , microaggressions e.g., asking me if I use chopsticks to eat pizza, telling me my English is good for a foreigner and from young kids e.g., calling me Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan . This has made me painfully aware of how the minorities in Singapore are treated, often thru innocent or non-racist jokes or comments. You don't have to be racist to make someone else feel uncomfortable about their ethnicity or race. To the OP, I hope things get better for you and you get to be the best version of yourself in the future. Pick your battles and educate people, and never accept that being made uncomfortable is okay.
Sorry to hear about your friend, but delta can absolutely wreck people whose immune systems are already weakened by cancer and cancer treatments. Hope you can see the logic in protecting people like your friend from exposure.
Sorry to hear that. It's ironic that those establishments that they flipped to f&b to survive is the one taking down the entire industry now. Hang in there and hope your takeaways increase. Maybe share it here so we can try and support.
Sorry to inform you, but your household income is actually below the median. The median household income is $9,293. You are eligible to apply for Financial Assistance Scheme for your children. The scheme provides for Full waiver of school fees of $5.00 per month Full waiver of standard miscellaneous fees of $10.00 per month Textbook grant - textbooks and writing materials in the approved book list Free school attire, on a need basis 2 sets of uniforms, 2 sets of PE attire, 2 pairs of socks and 1 pair of shoes Transport voucher of $15 per month for students taking public transport School Meals Programme of $29 per school week Hope it can help you to lessen your burden. If you need more assistance, feel free to PM me. u have kids? . That's how 50% of the population lives by the way. that's what median means You are confusing personal median income with household income. An average household is 3.16 persons, the national median income is $9,293. For the average family of 3, the per capita household median income is $3097 and not $1125 $4500 or 4 as implied in your comment.
Sorry you had to go through this. If you don't get responses on IM could also blast them on social media - facebook, twitter. Heard that the refunds come much faster that way. My own approach is to always pretend I am a beaten down employee. Telemarketing? Sorry my boss is yelling at me I have to go kthanksbye Approached outside? Sorry I am in a rush to office kthanksbye I don't need to force myself to be assertive because I am not and it fits with my usual working life sadly . Has worked well for me thus far.
Sorry you had to go thru this. It's not a good feeling. I agree that Singapore racism do exist and they aren't shy to show it although it's subtle. But to fight against racism here, the open-minded Chinese ethnic need to standup. Cannot depend sorely on the victims to stand up for themselves. If you have friends they are racists, tell them it's not ok. Do not encourage it. Stand up for the non-Chinese. Don't be like Malaysia.
Sorry, but can someone tell me how Singapore and the Ministry of Education is transphobia? Did they straight up discriminate against them? Kick them out of school? Refuse to give them education? Or do something to them? What is there to protest about? P.S. Singapore can protest, just get a permit and go to the allocated space. If that is close, just protest online, it's not like that isn't a thing.
Sorry, but I think this is a very naive viewpoint. Growing old gracefully is not just about money. On an individual level, yes. You can certainly have enough money to provide financially. On a societal level this does not work. Even if you have enough money, you need young people in society. Retirees do not pay taxes for the upkeep of public goods. If you need a doctor, or a physiotherapist, or a nurse- these are jobs for the young. Even if you do have enough money, there are other factors at play. My grandma is in her mid 80s. She did quite okay for herself as a nurse. Financially she never had to ask my mum or her other kids for a cent. Never had any major vices- alcohol, or unhealthy diet. Not overweight. Bloop pressure was a little high, but manageable. She still has a full head of black hair. Up to three years ago she was fully capable of cooking, cleaning, and doing a full load of laundry. She had her own friends and social life. Then she had a fall, followed shortly by another one, and things are much more difficult now. She has to walk with a cane, and it's too dangerous for her to live alone or do chores by herself. With covid, she can't go out, and she is constantly bored at home with not much to do- thank goodness at least she has great grandkids to entertain. Financially, she is still independent. But she no doubt needs help from us. I dont think anyone should have a kid with the aim that the kid is going to take care of you when old, but to say you are going to be completely independent and not need anyone is naive, because growing old REALLY sucks.
Sorry, but that's nonsense. Nobody forces sexuality, that's absurd. Children have to receive idea that nuclear heterosexual family is a norm. That doesn't mean that homosexual is something disrespectful
Sorry, but that's nonsense. Nobody forces sexuality, that's absurd. Have you heard of conversion therapy? people there do exactly that, attempt to force homosexual people to turn straight . Children have to receive idea that nuclear heterosexual family is a norm. That doesn't mean that homosexual is something disrespectful The tag of healthy heterosexual marriage implies that anything other than heterosexuality is unhealthy. That is the issue.
Sorry, I don't quite understand your first question. with respect to drugs, depends on the drug to be honest but some of them really do cause a lot of harm to others directly, not just as a 'drain on society' .
Sorry, i know its pretty ignorant of me but I see many malaysians supporting Russia on various social media. Why's that?
Sorry, just need to vent Broke through ?!?! What kind of half fucked explanation or excuse is that when despite numerous people asking for a travel ban or heightened measures were just blithely ignored?
Sounds about right actually. Those who rents know those are the current market price now for rental for 2 bedder condo
Sounds good but I doubt you would manage to come up with this spontaneously when the situation arises.
Sounds like a horrible place to live! Move to the Nordic countries or northern Europe. Work or life balance is high on our agenda.
Sounds like gang or illicit business that he can't afford to have the police meddle in.
Sounds like his priority in life is to have a nice expensive wedding and big HDB in a good location while crying out why money no enough
Sounds like most people on Earth. Most people go through these stages no matter where they are unless you elope and stay in a small village . Even people from Maasai Tribe also need to worry about saving up for marriage, new house, aging and caring for kids and or or old parents. Chinese got a saying, head not so big don't geh kiang wear big big hat. Wedding do a simple one. House can start small and do basic reno. No need change to every new iPhone. Your kids no need study at places like Etons or Odessey that costs like 3k per month. And no they no need to wear Jordans before they learn how to walk. Every commoner is fighting the same battle so don't be so negative, it will only make life more sian. Let's jiayou ya.
Sounds like someone developed a lifelong complex over the whole RI or AC rivalry. Dude, get over it!
Sounds like the typical debate club accent. He didnt put on any american brit accent. I mean based on this video alone havent watched anything else. Sounds like tharman actually. Just a bit higher pitched
Sounds like this is echoing the structural problems that healthcare had been facing for many many years which basically boils down to poor management, toxic working conditions and lack of remuneration.
Sounds like your mind us made up. Congrats. Don't bother unless you're really invested. Kids are hard. Amazing but hard. Every generation will have reasons not to and we have more than enough examples of those who did but probably shouldn't have. Unless you're sure, just don't.
Sounds no different than Sweden. Wanna buy a house, get in dept for 25 years. Sure we have governmentally granted retirement plans, but they are so low you have to live on dog food.
sourdough aint wrong tho however that doesnt mean non-muslims are wrong yea. Honestly its based on gods decision alone whether you go to heaven or hell. Just do good in my opinion
South Korea NS does not allow people to go back during weekends and they do have reservist requirements. But yeah it sucks that Singapore has super long NS. Many European countries with conscription only require people tl serve 1 year. They conscript females some more.
Soviet doctrine was like that. Send in your cheap not so well armed conscripts to soften the ground then send in the more professional soldiers with better equipment
Spain is testing the 3 days weekend and imagine that in singapore! We can sleep for 2.5days, and still got time to bring the dogs out!
Spain, Portugal, and Thailand were ruled by a dictator. They managed to avoid World War Two by luck and avoiding taking side.
Speaking as one of them no. We seem to have been completely swept under the carpet when it comes to these measures. It's so infuriating too, because this could be easily resolved by just having us show our vaccination exemption papers from our doctors. If you can exempt 12 and unders, why not us?
SPF no warning shots. We have a higher chance of ricochet given the dense buildup. Maybe if the 1st round was a blank, yea can be a warning shot. But our 10 rounds all live rounds. Like 1 other commentor said, 10 rounds, don't waste 1 round.
Sph yes, SPH published an article accusing NKF of misusing funds along with the golden toilet tap. NKF tried to sue them, but SPH showed their receipts in Court and tumbled out a can of worms
Spider Monkeys both from 2 Ben 10 Shows, Ben 10 Number 1 and Ben 10 Number 2.
Spiders are incredibly dumb, compared to snakes let alone larger animals . I used to know a guy with a pet tarantula. Way more dangerous than the Golden orb shown here. He would pick it up, put it on his head, and walk around with it as a hat. Never got bitten. The reason he said, was that he never picked it up from the front, where it would see him as potential food. Pick it up from the rear, no problem. Spider literally too stupid to respond.
spoil your vote if you don't like both options! It's what i did in the previous election
sports I attended one of those good schools where even sports is ultracompetitive. If people weren't gold medal-winning material they were asked to leave the CCA. Absolute bullshit.
Spot on . It it to secure the mandate of their stupid elderly voters base .
Spot on. It's crazy to continue to make decisions based on the impact the disease might have on a small a section of the population who have CHOSEN not to get on board with the vaccination plans.
spring singapore will be on their knees begging the braindrain to come back, they been doing it for decades
ST just reported MINDEF to consider scaling back, but you know, NDP is more important than anything else in the world so we will still have it to some degree. Majulah!
ST just updated their article 1524h A student of River Valley High School RVHS was allegedly killed on campus on Monday July 19 in an incident which saw staff initially ordering students to remain in their classrooms. The Straits Times spoke to a parent Mr Jacky Huang, a 43-year-old who works in the IT industry at about 3pm. He had rushed to the school after receiving a message from his daughter in Year One that there was someone allegedly wielding an axe in the school. Mr Huang showed ST the text message he received from his daughter at 11.50am, and a video of students running allegedly taken on school grounds. At about 1pm, a crime scene investigation van, an ambulance and at least four police vehicles were spotted at Boon Lay Avenue school compound. The back gate was closed off, but students who needed to leave the campus were o allowed to do so past 2pm. The rest were gathered at the school hall and briefed by school staff. RVHS has students aged between 12 and 18, as it offers the six-year Integrated Programme which allows students to skip the O levels and instead take the A levels in their sixth year. Staff who spoke to The Straits Times said there was supposed to be a lunch break at 1pm, but the students were told to remain in their classrooms instead. No explanation was offered. This story is developing and will be updated as more details are released. ST has contacted the Ministry of Education, police and the school for comment.
ST video reporting that someone heard someone receive a message that someone saw someone holding an axe. Let's not spread unverified rumours at this point please, there are worried students and parents out there still.
Stabbing deaths and injuries are more common in Europe than they are in the Americas. And remain an issue in China if you read the tons of articles in the media. edit I made a huge mistake and read something incorrectly.
stable nuclear family unit fucking triggers me every time. seen too many youngsters unable to get help and support because everything also need parental consent, which is ridiculous when majority of the troubled teens i've met have family issues that cannot dig themselves out of. getting parental consent is suicide.
Standard procedures. They just love to screw around with your minds, while keeping you in suspense.
standards of life drop significantly under autocracies too. Dictator has no incentive to improve their citizens lives after all.
Star Vista was managed by Capitaland, while the church leased the concert hall. Then came one fine day, Capitaland wanted to sell off the Star Vista mall to potential buyers. The church was worried that if a new mall management came in, they might not be able to continue leasing the concert hall for the services and might be evicted. So they decided to buy the entire mall so they can sit permanently
star vista was originally under Capitaland. the church only owns the concert hall until recently I think capitaland doesn't want it anymore also because they cannot build another roof garden and have Uniqlo and Toastbox around.
Start with a smaller flat. Minimise draw on cpf and interest paid to bank. Otherwise a big chunk of your cpf is eaten by the banks. Advice that I learned of far too late.
Starting to sound like China when they complain about sanctions. Of course sanctions are unilateral. You can sanction other nations in retaliation, but it always starts unilaterally.
Startups can start without capital. Once they have a working prototype they can use it to get capital. Besides that, most of these parties already have human resources, which indicates that yes they do have small amounts of capital ready for them to even challenge the incumbent. The whole point of a startup is having a idea so strong that it wipes out the current status quo. Can you point to me if any of the current political parties are working towards this? So far none of them have proposed a working solution that wipes out the People's Action Party. You need to have something so valuable and effective that it destroys the opponent. Playing the victim card and hoping to win by technicality is not a sustainable solution.
Stay calm guys! don't cheong one last dinner tomorrow, don't cheong toilet paper, don't cheong maggi mee Do cut your hair though
Stepping up to help may get one involved in police investigation too. Best way is to call police. Although the victim would surely appreciate people stepping in to end this violent assault. I guess ideally a min of 3-4 abled men plus MRT staff to come in between them to save the poor chap life before any deadly blow is dealt.
Still as bad, given the whole all school is a good school thing, as long as the part on RI is clearly mentioned, pretty hard to wiggle his way out of it
Still doesn't make it any less ridiculous since dehydration is no joke. There's also how some professions tend to make people thristy faster and if they don't drink water regularly things are going to turn out badly in no time. Imagine having an extremely dry throat or dazed from sweating a lot, drinking some water to replenish your lost fluids so you aren't in agony, only to have your own family membee judge you for wanting to stay healthy. what.
still getting hung up on secondary schools Imagine at the end of your secondary school years you score a scholarship that sets you up for life, first with an overseas education at Oxbridge or a similarly reputable U.S college and then upon graduation you are dropped onto a ladder where the norm is to progress and the exception is to fail. There is a reason why public sector jobs are still asking for all of your academic records.
Still only has one solution. The unvaxxed have to get vaxxed so herd immunity can kick in to protect folks like you that want to get vaxxed, but can't, due to genuine medical reasons. It's unfair that you have to suffer for these idiots' stupidity. To the unvaxxed who choose their path, I quote one verse. You shall not put God to the test! Quit counting on God to protect you.
still rmb during tactical route march, some fella fell asleep while we were proning or high kneeling during a pause. Nobody realised until we reached the next rest point and someone had to run back to fetch him. His section or buddy almost kena gan but they managed to find the guy before any trainers found out
Still sends shivers down my spine, when my mom would scold me for not knowing how to spell a word that is needed for the spelling test. The cries the scolding everything returned. Overall 10 or 10 post
still want to blame us some more. I mean yeah some of us are complacent just look at jem ikea or something but the government had a part to play too and they act like it's all our fault or something. I get economy is important but who asked to open the borders and establish travel bubbles and all, when the situation is still really unstable.
Still, it's madness. I'll wait for more conclusive investigations by the SPF, hopefully in the evening. Meanwhile, all we can do is to give our condolences to the deceased.
Still, USA shooting, UK stabbing. Because one have the most shooty deaths of their other crimes in their country and one have the most stabby deaths of their other crimes in their country.
Stock chart is line graph, not bar graph. Bar graphs that don't start from 0 are misleading because the length of the bar is no longer proportional to the value it represents. A bar graph of 9 vs 10 looks very different if you start the y axis from 8 vs 0. For line graphs it's fine for the y-axis to nicely frame the line, because the usual interpretation is trends over time.
Stop blaming just the people going to a&e for mild issues. Yes that's one issue, but there are a lot of legitly sick people too as evidenced by the full wards.
Stop calling people prick and use my god damn brain? Maybe you need to use yours to see the statistics of india- Singapore flights
stop speculating or attributing the reason of killing to academic stress or school's environment. this is just plain insensitive, tone-deaf and irresponsible. also, please stop trying to contact rv students or staff or alumni for comments or forward the news link expecting hot goss to come your way. we need time to digest and come to terms with such a tragedy too. imagine if this freak incident was to happen in your school and all you get are people pointing fingers at the school or asking you for insider's info, how would you feel? a rv alumnus
Stop trying to make excuses for the young racists . The OP felt it was racist and she has a right to feel so because shes on the receiving end. Racism is exactly about thinking other races' practices are disgusting, instead of having the EQ to NOT make fun of it. Chinese people also have weird things they do actively, like burn paper offerings, i dont see or hear any minority races making fun of them for it also.
Story of Grab - You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
Story related to me by a Chinese Malaysian. He experienced in a supermarket checkout where the Malay cashier refused to even touch a can of pork luncheon meat.
Storytel probably hired a third party company to do their sales. You can try calling in to their company tomorrow to complain. If you are still worried can always escalate to your parents. I'm sure they have encountered such sales tactics enough to be on your side. Do not be afraid. It's your money after all. Also, very unethical to target young students like that.
StoryTel, they stopped me outside a mall, with an armful of library books, and try to sell me their subscriptions. I asked them is it free? because library books are! You need to learn to simply say No. Whatever they say, just say no. No need to apologise. because now is just $99, next time will be a spa package of a few thousands. I used to be polite and kinda apologetic to such salespersons until I feel frustrated that they take this as a weakness to continually pester me. So henceforth, a hand up like a traffic policeman to stop them from approaching me, with an added NO for the persistent ones.
Strangely enough, yes. And is a lawyer. And I also have an unmarried younger sister who is a civil servant.
Strategic depth in the context of Singapore is carving out Johor up to Linggiu Reservoir to create a safe zone against further land invasion. This isn't some huge revelation it has been known for at least two decades
Strategic depth is why our army boys are dressed in green and trained to fight in jungles. It's why we have developed some of the best artillery in the world. It's why our standby airbase is in the south, close to the US Naval base. It's also why we invested the most in our Air Force and our AWAC are 24x7.
Strategically speaking, defending our island is impossible because it's just too small. Most of the defending will be done by our airforce. Once our airforce and navy is depleted, we already lost. The SAF doctrine is to strike first and neutralise the threat.
Strenuous indoor exercise classes, or strenuous individual and group indoor sports and exercise activities, will also cease during this period. No gains summer.
Strong is an understatement considering he was Senior Wrangler. To some, it is the highest intellectual achievement possible.
Strong stance? I think our government is way too lenient on the CCP rhetoric infiltrating our boomers' whatsapps
Strongly agree, while it isn't for all and you won't have 100% of the eligible people on board with conscripting, the least they can do is make it worth their while, aka cushion the pain abit. It's a fair trade, you take up 2 years of our time, at least compensate us more for the invaluable things we miss out on, time or youth or career growth etc
Strongly agree. Having a kid seems really rough and something that as I got older seems more and more unrealistic
Students and teachers are to respect the different attitudes, values and beliefs that different communities may have. I hope that extends past one community and include the LGBTQ
Stun them with some ridiculously outrageous statement and quickly walk away. Like only suckers pay for digital services .
Stunning. I thought such scenes can only be seen in wide open fields in rural America.
Stunningly lazy. A gangster wannabe threw a punch at me in front of 80 witnesses and the police refused to take any statement from me or any other. The officers who first responded and their bosses later. Their first question was if anyone had a video. As soon as that is No, they will not do a thing. They did waste no time repeatedly threatening elderly bystander though.
Stupid advice really, what are you going to do to a guy like this? Pull guard?
Stupid ass government I'm gonna leave for the Antarctica and not come back. Bye
Stupid question. Not claiming I'd have the courage or ability to break this up. people told me even self-defense is messy in this country and can get you into shit. What would the consequences be if you're pulling this asshole back, he falls and ironically ends up in a wheelchair?
Such strong words from a such a small speck in the world. This is something worth fighting and dying for.
Such toxic behaviour also exist in MNC as well Of course it exists, but in my experience it is near universal outside of it, and especially in the civil service.
Suddenly craving to patronise his restaurant again. Not for virtue signalling but because the food and the service are actually good.
suddenly you will have alot of new friends and relatives pop out of the wood work
Suggest instead of NS, Singapore sends all its 18 year olds to rural Australia for 2 years?
Summary of comment section Singapore sucks, but your life don't have to suck. Find meaning in whatever you choose to do and appreciate life itself.
Superheroes dont get paid by the city they're protecting. Thats why healthcare workers are heroes, because they dont get paid enough.
Support local companies. Comfort cabs are also way better maintained than some of the cars on Grab that all look and smell like a group of people had an orgy inside. I'd still take Comfort even if they were a dollar more. Fuck Grab indeed.
Support Putin's shells with your dollar! Angry to those buying Russian goods after downed MH17 confirmed by Hague court, thousands of killed people and occupied territories in Moldova, Georgia, Ukraine and Syria.
Supporting Russia's invasion of Ukraine means effectively telling the world that we do not wholly support the notion of rule of law or the concept of sovereignty, concepts which are critical to our continued existence as an island nation. How can we claim to hold these values dear if we are to hypocritically go against it when convenient?
Sure get those pigeons bathing inside the pool too then right after their feast at the food courts
Sure i agree. But the comic gave me the impression that loosening restrictions is directly related to the manpower issues.
sure it's not like it's more acceptable to say i hate CCP than i hate PRC citizens
Sure let huddle down and do this since it is necessary. But what i cannot understand is how hard is it for just 1 minister to stand up and own up. At the end of the day, Singaporeans are still an obedient bunch. Lan lam suck thumb and follow. But if no one is going to own up to their mistakes, how can we trust them anymore?
sure talk about structural issues after this blows over. not urgent la no worries. are you a healthcare worker? can you find me one healthcare worker who wouldnt want structural issues they have faced before covid and will face after covid solved now? or are you just talking out of your arsehole?
Sure that any school can be stressful. But for this school which appears to be somewhat homogeneous in terms of psle score and heck even ethnic group - might want to consider the possible scenarios. I myself was somewhat naive that the demographics of the school were somewhat homogeneous caveat pre-IP , but dig deeper and i wonder what other underlying tensions there were or are or will be. Also thinking about the parallels with korean schools, but i dont know enough. The overt bullying there can be worse when everyone even the school management sweeps things under the carpet.
Sure we can't tell them what to do. Can call them lots of things though. Racist, for a start.
Sure, but the average income for an engineer is gonna be 120k starting out or 200k for senior. Even after tax and rent, you guys have plenty left over. You can easily afford to spend 2k on a studio outside SF .
Sure, I was just pointing out the criticism was an odd one. It can be questionable without pointing out things that aren't an issue.
Sure. And when Singapore bombs another country, I'll come to reddit and post my objections as well.
Sure. Still doesn't change that this hypocrite move. Let call a spade a spade. Politicians have always picked and chosen actions according to their own agenda.
sure. The Fair Housing Act Chapter 42 of the United States Code, beginning at Section 3601 forbids landlords to discriminate in choosing tenants because of their race, religion, ethnic origin, color, sex, physical or mental handicap. It is straight up illegal to list no blacks in the us
Sure? And? Is it about blue light affecting sleep quality? This is separate from the bugger problem people not going to bed in thw first place. Why are they staring at screens at night? Specically after 11pm?
Surely that's a safety procedure. In school, kids are drilled on how to respond to security threats, and stay in one place, turn off lights, hide underneath desks and shut down phones is the advice.
surely there's a middle ground There is one Don't fuck anyone figure out what kind of issue your child is facing with regards to comprehension as in understanding, not the English assignment of the given assignment or problem and work from there.
surprised no one has mentioned how refreshing it is to see just one shot fired. which is a horrifying thought really. i guess ive seen far too many american videos.
Susan Long M.V.P. I wonder if the newer generation of journalists have the balls to do expose such as this, or they do but the higher ups are just quelling such stories.
Suspect Brings a knife to a police station . Also suspect Bang bang, he shot me down bang bang, and I hit the ground
SV is ridiculously expensive, but if you're willing to live on the outskirts and drive about 1.5-2 hours each way to work everyday, then 2k might be able to rent a smaller landed house. A lot of people do that if they can't afford to raise a family in the big cities but being in traffic everyday sucks tho.
Sweat, heavy breathing, no masks, enclosed space. It's like a covid breeding ground. And yes, gyms have been scientifically assessed as high risk covid transmission locations.
T - Terminated, which you get for cheating or being suspected of cheating and Ministry of Education judges that you couldn't defend yourself. I got that for my O'Level Science because I brought my handphone into Science Practical . What am I gonna do? Facetime someone and ask them what chemicals to mix?
T T and probably the 3 pups too. Hopefully the others will survive and grow up strong.
Tactically messed up tho. He didn't mobilise his reserves till just before russia moved. Granted he and the world under estimated Putin.
Taiwan has a strait protecting it. If PRC can't get air superiority, it is very unlikely the war would happen on the land at all.
Taiwan is 1 year and Korea is 1.5 years. Much shorter than ours. Also, I dont think they have the re-servist requirements
Taiwan, like it or not, doesn't have the standing of international sovereignty of Ukraine. China considers Taiwan as an unresolved internal dispute.
Take an upvote. Hopefully, this elitist afraid to lose mindset will die out in the next generations to come!
Take care and stay safe brother. Hope you manage to find the little things to cherish this Raya still.
Take care little buddy, same to OP. Don't be afraid to ask for help or support, there is absolutely no shame in that whatsoever. You have experienced something that no teen should ever experience. And it will be with you for a long time, my only consolation to you and your peers is that you will be fine and your futures still bright.
Take home of $2800 at 21? That's amazing! Great job. Which industry is this if you don't mind?
Take it as a life lesson. I was once scared of offending people. It's probably due to our upbringing and Asian culture. This makes salespeople easy to take advantage. I lost $120 to a used item seller last time from those forums like HWZ who pressured me to buy his used item in what is probably a bait-and-switch scam. I ended up not using it as it didn't fit my needs. $120 is a huge amount to young me. I didn't tell anyone about it for fear of embarassment. I'm glad that you managed to get out of this particular smooth talking salespeople. Be nice and polite but sometimes you have to be a bit of a dick to these type of people. Just walk away. If salespeople don't respect you, you don't have to respect them.
take this as a life lesson to improve your communication and social skills soft skills you're a student so you still have time to learn. when you enter the workforce you'll encounter similar pushy situations where your inability to stand your ground will be exploited. and i'm not just talking about cute girls selling year subscriptions to mobile apps.
take up orientation camps commitments instead of taking up a part time job this summer Speaking from experience, summer jobs and CCA aren't mutually exclusive. I've had a supervisor tell me they hire students who have extra-curricular experiences. Whether it's lip service or not, whoever signed up for camp commitments aren't crippling themselves. While people should spend within their means, we shouldn't be expecting the less well-off to live a life devoid of pleasure. I do not know if it's a systematic fault, but if it's the average life, the solution would have to be systematic.
Taking the opportunity to give this PSA the Comfort taxi app is actually pretty decent. The interface has significantly improved in the past year or so. They have also expanded to allow PHV drivers on the app too, not just the CDG taxis. CDG has also launched another app called Zig where besides booking CDG taxis, you can book local activities or tours, and they're offering unlimited $3 off all CDG taxi rides until 31 May. I'm not being paid to say this.
Taliban and other piss poor Eastern European states You mean the countries close to Russia or with a long history of conflict with Russia? I wonder why they are speaking up first indeed. What a weird comparison.
Talking about fansigns, it's crazy. The Singapore kpop stan twitter acc are now part time jamus lim stan twittter acc with him as their dp and fancams
Talking about malay muslim struggles what do you all put when documents asked for full names? If i put my father's name they always messed it up.
Tampines - I did not feel anything but my relationship has been on shaky ground for a while anyway
Taser can also not latch properly, so that's why it's not used when the suspect is charging towards you with a weapon. They didn't break any SOP.
Tasers are also not guaranteed to work, depending on where the darts land. Both darts must break skin for the taser to work. If just one dart hits a thick clothing article or misses, the taser fails. If the suspect is fleeing and you're pursuing, a taser is fine to try and immobilise him for arrest. If it fails, you just reload and try again while chasing. If the suspect is charging at you with a knife, this same risk of failure is unacceptable. You think he will wait for you to reload the taser ? Oh shi- missed la. Wait wait I change cartridge. Very fast one. OKOK faster . I go toilet first come back don't want to wait.
Tasers are great tool to use in Singapore because of the weather no loose clothing or puffy jackets . With that said, if someone is that close to you with a knife in their hand, you have to use your firearm to stop the threat. If there were more distance between them, one officer might be able to get away with using a taser with another officer aiming his pistol as a failsafe.
Taxi cost me about $26++ incl booking fees and peak hour charges to get to SPCA from Sembawang. After peak hour, it was around $15-$17++. GrabPet was $46++ regardless of the hour. Grab - go fly kite
TC actually called back about 10mins later and informed fam member that tremors were due an earthquake. By then I had already informed everyone. We just -ed together.
technically you could own a dog in islam. im not super well read on the topic but i think if the dog has a job sheep dog or guard dog it's permissible. also if they just do special cleaning ritual after touching the saliva of a dog. because their saliva is seen as dirty
Technically, my place has no cats allowed, but no one ever comes to check. The cat isn't really mine - it's a stray from the condo that comes to get pats very often. Loophole but yeah. Most places come semi furnished, like mine did. It came with a bed and dresser, but that was about it. I bought and moved in some furniture myself.
Teh Cheang Wan - Potentially corrupt minister Chiam See Tong defermation case against People's Action Party - People's Action Party minister paid damages to CST Operation Spectrum - Everyone remember Operation Coldstore, this one seem somewhat less known Bedok Hawker Centre Cleaning saga - Somewhat got forgotten after AHTC saga came out FMSS getting contract without tender - this one is the most ridiculous. This is the main reason WP MPs getting sued by their own appointed management committee. One of the most watch case in Singapore but most people are clueless about the reason behind it and are blaming AHTC court case is People's Action Party fixing
Teh Cheang Wan's corruption and subsequent suicide? He was the minister of National Development, from 31 January 1979 14 December 1986. for the longest time. He might have been the first, I don't know, but he was known as Mr HDB. As with any scandal, there were quite a few conspiracy theories about his death. Edited For inaccuracies.
Tell me 'bout it, my secondary school teacher used to look down on me mind you she was my form teacher and I quote what she said At this rate, you're going your future isn't going anywhere.
Tell me about it. I get that some elderly legitimately can't vaccinate due to medical conditions. My 75 year old grandmother with hypertension, diabetes, coronary heart disease and failing kidneys got vaccinated. So I don't see why some of these elderly who are eligible refuse to do it. You don't get vaccinated solely for your benefit but for those around you as well. I hope these elderly understand that they are being selfish and are a liability to public health.
Tell me about it. Just now I took MRT and it was packed w students. people squeezing side by side. No social distancing whatsoever
Tell me it a circuit breaker without telling me its a circuit breaker. I'll start Phase 2 H E I G H T E N E D A L E R T
Tell my family. I love them very much. flies F22 towards Putin's mega robo-battleship hovering over Kyiv, which is opening its bottom section to prepare to fire and annihilate the city. glances at photo of family, takes off mask Hello boys, I'm backkkk! crashes into robo-battleship, causing a massive explosion that rains down debris on the Russian army, annihilating it.
Tell that to the self entitled people who come in. I FAINT THEN HOW, WHO RESPONSIBLE. The more you explain, the more tired you get. Easiest answer for the hospital is, ok admit you.
Tell the AGC to moral signal deez nuts. Prosecutor for the state hiding behind cowardly words. Time to push for a referendum, fuck this legalistic limbo.
Tell them you are an insurance agent and ask them about their insurance coverage and then say you got a very good promo only $9,999 per year
Tell them you are very impressed with their product but you need to get approval from higher up wife, girlfriend or mother or you will be dealt with very cruelly.
telling people to grow up, giving excuses, shifting goalposts, accusing others of bad faith, vaguely elitist smears against polytechnic, blaming others for your own words. tell me, have you ever considered being a politician?
Telling people to ignore racism gives off the same vibe as that toxic masculinity, man up, stop crying and grow some balls . I'm sure that the people who recommend this have good intentions at heart, but it does nothing to solve the issue and simply buries the problem to carry on to the next generation.
Telling them you are not interested works only if you can be firm about it, and if the promoter is not aggressive. In future, just tell them you already subscribed to the services, tell them to have a nice day and walk away. It would look really weird and kinda offensive if they start asking you for proof. Most would thank you and let you be on your way.
tend to lean authoritarian In times of stability, the country should be and can afford to be more democratic. The government should listen to the voices of the people and be willing to bend to the will of the people. But we are in the middle of a pandemic, a global crisis. This is when we must be flexible and adopt a more authoritarian approach to things. If we don't be strict about things, even if it hurts us as citizens, we will never fully recover. If things like banning all incoming humans into our country is necessary, including our own citizens, we will do it. Just look at the covid policies implemented in countries around the world. You will realised that most authoritarian countries, or those that used authoritarian approaches to curb the pandemic, are able to suppress the spread of the virus very successfully. The chances of future waves of infections are very low. Those that used more democratic approaches tend to have very volatile changes in rate of infections. When they implement lockdowns, the increase in cases drops or remain stable. But when people start protesting and flout rules, the cases shoot up. Now don't get me wrong. I'm not saying Singapore should abandon it's democracy and pursue authoritarianism in the future. I'm saying that we must not entrench ourselves at any particular point on the political spectrum. In times of crisis, authoritarianism is what we need to survive. We just do whatever is necessary to keep us alive, no matter how cruel because in this case, logical reasoning prevails over moral reasoning. Intentionally preventing our own people from seeking safe havens is morally wrong. It's disgusting. But we have to keep the majority of our citizens back at home safe. We can't afford to let a few returning Singaporeans come in, only to realise they are carriers of the virus we still don't know much about the Indian variant . By then, we won't have a country to protect anymore. And if you think I'm racist, I'm not a fan of the travel bubble with Hong Kong and Australia. I prefer that we keep ourselves locked up in our tiny island until everything is over or under sustainable control.
Tested because+ on 19 Feb. Had shortness of breath. Went to the clinic and the nurse told me to head to a&e at first. Didn't want to go to the hospital. Thankfully the doctor was willing to diagnose me and gave me an inhaler to cope with it. Can't imagine the long queue at hospitals. It was already super bad at the GP.
Textbook takedown. Standing apart, one shot, rush in when suspect down. Everyone gets to go home safe, except the stupid fella playing stupid games. Not easy making the decision to shoot, knowing there's civilians in the background.
Thailand government is pro russia or china. Only most citizen want to condemn them and government never listen since these government also bring a tank to take over civilian government seven years ago. They try to ban ukrainian no war protest here yesterday too.
Thailand took a side in World War Two, they sided with Japan and signed a military alliance treaty. If not, the bicycles hard to come down south and British held Burma will be hard to attack.
Thailand was a part of the Axis through treaty with Japan. Spain and Portugal served as bases for German submarines.
Thank fuck someone said this. Can't believe this has to be explained. Too many government bootlickers jumping on OP without first applying their brain.
thank god firearms are banned in Singapore, otherwise this secondary 4 guy is likely do something similar to the shootouts they have in the US schools.
Thank God for the mountain of empirical evidence that being shitty to LGBT students has saved the birth rate.
Thank god mom immigrated us to the states when I was 10. I love Singapore but seeing how my families that are still back there pains me to meet ends meet even working overtime.
Thank god. I thought we were actually gonna have to start dm-ing putin yooo we're not Ukraine you can just take over its not gonna be much different than what we got just please don't blow us up man
Thank you ! it really is a different life living alone . Aside from what mentioned , families with children also tend to avoid male tenants . i really don't blame them looking at all the news of some adult guys doing messed up things Male tenants are also viewed as potentially more problematic in general fears of being loud and rowdy , being a smoker or drinker and coming home very late at night is some of the things that might scare them off Even though all of these is untrue . Moving forward i hope more landlords can give male tenants a chance by interviewing them in person before deciding over a phone call Many listings would not say Female only they would go Female PREFERRED or not mention at all . This has wasted a lot of my time calling and messaging
Thank you and hugs, OP. You have all right to be sick of it. It's upsetting to see how racism is still very much prevalent here, and how hurtful it can be to people. I hate how all of it is so irrational and ridiculous. And the double standards. The gall one must have to claim that curry is 'smelly' or will 'stink up my house' while durians apparently are 'an acquired taste'. What the fuck. I've been contemplating on whether to comment or not, but I figured I should give my experiences. I'm half Italian, half Chinese. It is incredibly privileged of me to say this from my end for instance my own school experience was pretty uneventful in terms of race but I hate how I've seen how racism and stereotyping manifest not only negatively but also to a positive end and has even favoured me over others purely by my own race. I've been given opportunities on basis of being 'ang moh', and somehow meaning I automatically had better English because of my race alone rather than actual ability. Admittedly this was probably in part also due to my accent being international schooled does that to you but even before I spoke there was this favouring already in place. Meanwhile, fellow Malays didn't even get a chance. Even in spite of this 'pedestal', people would still mock my accent excessively, even when I told them to stop it. Pasta jokes or doing the 'Italian hand gesture' gets real stale after the 50th time. I know my experiences don't compare. Even in my NS, I was incredibly fortunate to mostly be around very understanding and friendly people. I can't say I've been actively looked at with disgust or hatred. In the end, I can just simply give a sarcastic quip in return and treat them more like an overly running gag. But experiences and remarks like what you've gone through can cut deep and impact for many long years. This is our home, after all and racism should have no place in it. I'll close by saying that you are above these fools - so please don't let this consume you, OP - live as you are and be proud for who you are, you are under no compellation to conform to their ridiculous expectations.
Thank you for being practical and pragmatic in a world where social justice warriors and political correctness at all costs prevail
Thank you for being understanding and practical to the needs of others beyond your own. Please stay safe in where you're at. Bless you.
Thank you for doing that. It's really the silent racism that breeds subtle racism which in turn results in those rare escalated cases that go viral. It's hard to stand up to those close to us when they do things. Personally quite a few of my relatives are islamaphobic the irony is that they complain about people being racist to them too and i do find it difficult to stand up to them so props to you for doing that!
Thank you for flagging an underrated comment. Unfortunately, on this occasion your concern was unnecessary and the comment was rated accurately.
Thank you for posting your guide to moving out. The numbers and thought process are very helpful for someone like me who is still struggling to move out and be independent. All the best in life!
Thank you for putting so much effort in creating this guide! And sorry for what you have been through, in a wsy, it helped you become an independent person you are today albeit a very steep price or but im glad you are at a much better place now. in my opinion renting is costly yes, but sometimes we forget that our mental health and our emotional safety are of intangible value as well, which we hardly can put a price to it. When you have to bear the scar of being emotionally and sometimes physically abused, no amount of money can erase it. If we keep giving in, we would live a life not being whole and we would never be able to walk away from toxic relationships. But i believe we do have choices, just that there are things we must sacrifice. I would rather work hard and pay to come back to a place of my own and feel like a human being, not a punching bag for people gave birth to me because they can, and abuse me as their own stress relief.
Thank you for sharing this. I lived in Singapore from 89 to 96 and now reside in Texas. I am sharing your story to my kids.
Thank you for sharing your experience with me. I think I am what you will call a cis male. I am more or less aware that that basically makes me 'the enemy'. The thought of hormonal changes might affect a person and therefore their experiences, did not even cross my mind. It only reminded me of how limited my reality was. Please pardon any lapse in language here, but you are the first trans person I have spoken to. What do you think of this group's actions? Do you support their actions, wish they have taken a less drastic route? If normal day to day is already harsh on a trans person, I can't imagine prison would make that easier.
thank you for sharing! you have a very mature and sensible head on your shoulders! unfortunately this type of attitude is very prevalent, not only among the 'elite' who look down on others, but to some extent among the middle class, who are insecure about not being elite and can sometimes end up being more mean than the 'elites' themselves. my family is firmly middle class, and while my parents aren't outrightly snobbish i still get very frustrated with them sometimes. there's the very singaporean obsession with white collar jobs being 'better' than technical or more blue collar work. for example my dad used to make snide remarks about footballers or entertainment figures like singers being 'not smart' and having 'not gone to school a lot'. and eventually when i started my own career i chose a more technical field that didn't really 'make full use' of my university degree. while my parents did not object my mum would always find the chance to ask me if i was thinking about changing jobs, or if i would have the chance to expand my job scope to include more intellectual stuff. really annoying.
Thank you for that! I was trying to figure out what sort of weather pattern would make the ocean that calm.
Thank you for the post, It's interesting read about things about countries that aren't normally talked about.
Thank you for the translation, first time I've seen one here for us Malay or Indian Singaporeans
Thank you for writing this and for sharing your experience! Im so sad you went through this. I really hope that by amplifying our voices, we might change our society for the better
Thank you for your comment it's moments like the above that honestly keep us going. Hope your grandmother is doing much better
Thank you for your courage and hard work. Find time to rest and do be strong! The whole nation depends on you and fellow workers!
Thank you for your dedication and service. It is heartbreaking to see the ugly side of human nature in times of trouble. Rest well!
Thank you for your hard work! Stay strong and hope yall can still manage to get some rest!
Thank you for your hardwork and keep fighting! Everyone will be proud for you and ur colleagues as our national saving hero!
Thank you for your honesty mate. Really appreciate people who are willing to be impartial. I see people who are not the majority race picking on foreigner. Then i see them up in arms about racism. I get very puzzled. Hence racism isn't just from the majority really struck my heart. Thank you for the reminder to everyone.
Thank you for your honesty. Next time, if you hear friends or family saying racist things, call it out! We would love you for that and it would really go a long way.
Thank you for your post! You've reaffirmed how important it is that my own kids work a 'regular' job early in their lives - it helps broaden one's perspective tremendously. Sorry to hear your work experience is less than positive, however please take solace that you will be more advantaged in perceiving humanity better than your peers that don't work at your age.
THANK YOU SENG KANG! Congrats to WP! Also congrats to an improvement in votes Aljunied GRC, from 50.95% GE2015 to 59.93% GE2020 Hougang SMC, from 57.69% GE2015 to 61.19% GE2020
Thank you Sengkang for a good shaking! You've shown a disillusioned GE2015 voter that there is hope, and that under the democratic process our vote can certainly make a difference!
THANK YOU SENGKANG RESIDENTS! I played my part in East Coast, how I wish we could have celebrated the win with Sengkang. Neverthess it was a good fight, looking forward to the day we get East Coast next!
Thank you so much! I've been trying to figure out what they were, but most people seem to think they are rain trees. And even the page on nparks doesn't have many really good pics.
Thank you very much. I'm very glad we have dedicated healthcare professionals like you. Please persevere, all the best!
Thank you Yu Mengyu! You inspired my kids to pursue ping-pong! Your indomitable spirit is clearly shown here. You did win my kid's heart!
Thank you! Actually, healthcare workers aren't even allowed to eat together most of us also avoid elderly or young family members as a precaution. And our leave is still subject to approval, be it for staycations or travel overseas, it's all dependent on extenuating circumstances and manpower allowances which is obviously stretched thin at the moment .
Thank you! From what I read about the otters, the Bishan otters sometimes patrol all the way to Marina bay, so it could be the same bunch of otters.
thank you! i did not expect this post to blow up and now im super touched shameless promotion but check me out yongyichuaaa on instagram
Thank you! It's honestly really heartening reading all the positive comments under my post in fact I haven't seen any negative ones I was legit expecting this to be full of hate based on the response I got commenting under other Reddit posts thanks for the kind words!
Thank you! Yes, I am lucky in that sense. Though, they agreed to support me only if I agreed to return home every weekend, during which I was frequently abused. How old are you now?
Thank you, OP. I'm Malay and I've experienced vile, racist and discriminatory treatments too. I've always hated my race because of that, and I feel small about being Malay. I work harder than my peers to prove my worth and to be taken seriously. Sometimes it feels so frustrating to be given treated as though you don't belong in this country. I too have done many things just to fit in. It's draining. I'm dating a guy who is also low key racist, always lamenting I'm too brown, my skin color is too chao-tar, and he saw no issue with people being racist. It's frustrating to be a second class citizen.
Thank you, you kind of restored my faith too. We really need more objective people around
Thank you. I wish you all the best too. Definitely not going through the route you are going!
Thank you. I'm not entirely well-read on Russia and Ukraine's situation to make a informed opinion. Hand-waving, I would say Russia's correct response is carrot and stick . Obviously, the stick is not an invasion. That's a knife.
Thank you. This made me teary-eyed. And hang in there. We are all in this together.
Thank you. This needs to be seen by more people. France's approach incentivises people to get vaxxed ASAP. Ours gives no or little impetus or incentive for people to get vaxxed, especially if being vaxxed means you're still subject to these restrictions. We really need a change in strategy.
Thankfully their Rules of Engagement doesn't align with your morality, if it does there would then be a 50 or 50 chance of an officer down moment
Thanks but fair is fair. I think I should start learning to be a bit more thicker skin
Thanks for being the change we need to see and making whatever little difference you can. I personally appreciate it even if no one else does!
Thanks for clarifying. I hope Gen Y and beyond chill and look beyond these race , religion stuff Boomers and Gen X keep dragging up. The earth is one , the people are same , skin tone varies with your distance from the sun and personal beliefs are for self happiness - how difficult are these things to understand.
Thanks for helping me unlock a childhood memory that I forgot I had. I still remember watching other kids play with this, but not actually owning one myself
Thanks for putting matters into perspective. Racism is just an aspect of discrimination and it would be more important to drill down to the source of discrimination instead of attributing all these issues to racism. To be fair, I have my own reservations towards other races due to my social upbringing and actual interaction with them but it is important to consciously maintain an open heart and mind. And seriously, why can't we promote news on how people of different races, religions and creeds working hand in hand for the common good?
Thanks for sharing OP! It really reminded my primary school days. I am an indian too i experienced racism in primary school which caused me to hate my school so much including teachers who were racist to me. Honestly i was traumatised by those racist remarks they made. Whenever I speak in tamil with my friends they always come infront of me and shake their heads. The worst is one time i was doing the Singapore pledge in tamil the students in the hall giggled but they keep silent when the malay and chinese do their pledge. Even my friends made fun of me in class. When i share this with people they shut my mouth by saying i am sensitive. It didnt help me now because of these experiences i have severe social anxiety and i become more conscious of myself when I go out. Cause i always think there will be someone who will be racist towards me. Even when i go to shop with my mom the sales women are racist to us. I hope that other people understand that everyone is human and please respect their culture. I do respect other races and their cultures so i wish i could get the same treatment from others. But however not everyone is racist but there are some people who have this mentality. I hope people will change soon.
Thanks for sharing your story, it's so disheartening to hear, but I'm so glad I have the privilege to hear it. Knowledge of what a person might have gone through changes the way we interact with them by so much, your story will certainly change the way I interact with other Indians in Singapore.
Thanks for sharing your story. Having experienced some of what you have, maybe to a lesser degree, know that you're not alone and you have allies and friends. And next time you're a victim of stupid statements, don't be afraid to speak out. More often than not bullies are cowards and hate being called out. It gets better as you age and learn tools to manage bullies.
Thanks for sharing. I would imagine thats the case. Probably wont find any landlord ok with cats unless they have cats of their own.
Thanks for taking the time to write this. I have written my feedback directly to Ong Ye Kung or MOH or HSA on other measures which I have much more research on or personal experience, some which were implemented. For these particular issues, I don't have a deep understanding so there's not much I can value add. Hence my questions. To me, on a principle basis, just as we need to update policies to align with the new realities on the ground or even pre-empt issues, we should disassemble those that no longer serve its purpose. Loss aversion should not be a reason to keep a policy around. Or else we would end up having different policies that are at cross purposes and or or generate a lot of confusion among the people. Granted these issues on keeping migrants in and unvaxxed measures are not so pressing now, given we have much more urgent problems, but it's something the government should keep in mind to dismantle after the wave is over.
Thanks for the feedback! We really have to do something about movement, a lot of the things you mentioned were discussed internally
thanks for the good news its been my fav mall to go ever since i was a kid
Thanks for the information about Ukraine. I should have used smaller . Konfrontasi was driven by anti-british sentiments with the view that the formation of the Malaysian federation was a neo-colonial move. Also as a geopolitical bogeyman to distract from internal duress. Interesting that you don't see the parallel between the above and Russia's invasions. Russia's invasion of Ukraine was driven by anti-NATO sentiments with the view that the expansion of NATO was a neo-Cold War move. Also as a geopolitical bogeyman to distract from internal duress.
Thanks for the link! Seems reasonable notice is going to be as good as it gets.
thanks for this! I joined assuming this would be the place to talk about these kinds of experiences, and have diverse conversation. Instead it's the same Chinese-dominant, nationalist echo chamber that I've been experiencing in real life. Of course you're not alone, of course you shouldn't have had to put up with these experiences. Not even one, let alone so many. This place is so first world and it's history is so culturally diverse, it really blows my mind how many truly idiotic, racist people are here and seriously believe that people are fundamentally different because of race. Especially when Singaporeans have so much in common with each other, and often far less in common with the people in their ancestral homeland!
Thanks for this! These regulations make sense earlier on to me. But now we have over 97% vaccination rate and hospitals are overwhelmed anyway. So what they set out to achieve didn't work or at least isn't relevant anymore. Why bother continue enforcing regulations that are irrelevant or don't work and for the sake of this 3%, inconveniencing 97% of us vaxxed people to have to continue using TraceTogether? I know TT's other purpose is contact tracing but MOH has already stopped contact tracing for certain protocols so it now seems to me just a fancy vaccine passport now. Same thing with the migrant workers. It made sense back in 2020 when they were the majority of the cases. But since then, we are the majority of cases. Is it fair or necessary to coop them up, while we roam free some even with covid ?
Thanks for this! Yeah, we've had a lot of people say they inventory management is clunky right now. We gotta think of how to fix this IhateUI or user experience
Thanks for your kindness and support, and standing up for everyone! I tried to comment in humansbeingbros but I probably didn't have enough karma for it to show up
Thanks for your response. I know you can only will up to 1 or 3 of your assets except matrimonial home, joint assets, and nominated insurance policies . This was my parents' biggest concern when I told them I was dating a Malay Muslim. Unless I converted, I might be contested out of a rightful? inheritance. I hope your family won't contest the will or waisat! Money makes even the closest family members weird, especially after the ones with the strongest boundary setting skills pass. All the best to you and your gf
Thanks mate! Learning some new strategies, hoping to help my colleagues as well. Not an easy time to be a healthcare worker. I also hope that non healthcare workers can try to understand how stretched we are, and that we arent purposely trying to delay anyone's time - your time is JUST as important to us as it is to you. Unfornately, we are truly, severely, shortstaffed.
Thanks so much you tekopeks! Because of your horniness and 10 mins of pleasure, everyone is suffering now!
Thanks to covid I think we don't need to have one of those expensive crowded big event wedding. One of my friend who is 10 years older than me who is taking full advantage of this right now. He used it as an excuse for not hosting an expensive wedding for their family and friends
Thanks to pap political correctness, now calling for border control is considered racists. Funny how they are the same group of people calling WP the WOKE ones, gees I wonder who is the real woke here
Thanks! And yea it's so shamelessly selfish and disgusting. Wow, make kids for investment purposes. The older gen is so blatant and frank with their stupid ways . Ur grandpa shocked pikachu faces when the family is messed up, like what does he think was gonna happen?
Thanks! I hope so, there has been a number of youtubers who have covered the game
Thanks! I was looking at the cna one originally. VB is outta line w this and I hope someone will call him out in parliament over his misconduct
Thanks. I think more importantly we should stay healthy both physically and mentally. I hope the best for everyone who is reading this.
Thanks. Yeah I did, was from Lasalle, back in the days when it was still at Goodman rd. I'm old!
That argument was valid in 2020, and might be now if there was any indication of anything having been done on that front in the last two years. It doesn't happen overnight but after two years of inaction people are kidding themselves if they think the government has any intention of doing anything other than biding their time til this all blows over
That depends, during the 80s and 90s gang fights with parangs were not uncommon. They have been largely stamped out and any kid claiming to be from a gang these days are just posers wannabes. For it to happen in a school setting however is actually uncommon. Not sure what truly went down over here, so don't bother speculating.
That doesn't actually affect my point. It just means that these measures of course won't be able to reduce that percentage below whatever percentage consists of under-12s. It is still worth reducing it as much as possible. This is especially true since under-12s on the whole are quite resistant to falling seriously ill with covid.
That doesn't change the fact that much of increased strain comes from just the massive number of people coming in without symptoms. It takes ages to process through the Hay so to speak, and there is PILES of paperwork for each case, in order to find the needle that actually needs help.
That format is the default auto generated generic username reddit assigns when you create a new account if you don't type in a username
That greenish milk made $1m . I think these are the same people keeping those unprofitable food courts afloat. Must be some kind of acquired taste.
That guy is from my school . Kranji Secondary, to be precise. I remember my DM making a fuss regarding someone who wasn't behaving during the parade.
That is a false comparison because eating food you are allergic to causes an allergic reaction where you may need medical attention but someone who doesn't like a particular fetish suppose you don't like oral sex, you won't die from having it, you just won't have a good experience - and it is fine. Just like someone who doesn't like durian may feel disgusted eating it and won't enjoy it but it doesn't physically harm you.
That is a slippery slope argument that does not hold water. Do remember that the same argument was used to avoid establishing the Speaker's Corner before 1999 before People's Action Party finally went ahead despite their fears of public disorder. And look at us now, there has been no full on riots brought on from allowing Speaker's Corner to exist.
That is Adam Bobrow. He plays the sport in a semi pro level and I actually enjoyed his commentary because it's different, refreshing and he goes into the technical side of the sport which you don't get from the co commentators the other older guy from UK and the lady which was awkwardly silent throughout match . At least he shows excitement, enthusiasm and knowledge of the sport compared to his colleagues. The only awkward thing is some of the jokes or stuffs he says is a little cringey and the co commentators just went silent and didn't responded when he said it. But I LOVE him.
That is how they justify that there is no discrimination against LGBTQ in Singapore . That and oh but we don't enforce it while disregarding all the things LGBTQ people have difficulty accessing due to the presence of S377A.
That is not going to happen, especially Singapore foreigner policy has always been non alignment, we will not accept any refugees.
That is pretty cool. Petition to have the $5 in the next series feature Yusof ishak and tunku Abdul Rahman in a boxing match
That is really impressive. I'm proud to be a fellow primate alongside monkeys albeit one that is physiologically adapted to running long distances as opposed to climbing trees. Return to monke! Primates together strong!
That is the problem though, the minorities are constantly told to live with it . Hell, I even had people telling me to adapt or exit . Racism EXISTS in Singapore but no one here is ready to talk about that.
That is the reason why more people are staying single, or get married but only have 1 child or zero. But I do agree that the sandwiched group of people supporting children and elderly can be very tough.
That is the standard reddit auto-generated username format that has been around for years you moron. One quick look at my history shows i am as much anti-putin as you are racist. This is what i get for having Russian friends in Singapore who also denounce the war.
That is why it has been said time and time again that Singapore is a first world country with third world people. Most people just work for the money, chasing after pay raise so they can afford more consumerism. Holidays overseas, branded products Instead of caring about how their work can contribute to society and to take pride what they do. The ones who do care, get exploited for their passion. Overworked and underpaid by employers, eventually passionate people get burned out and turn into yet another bitter person.
That is why we need to be the generation that change this and treat everyone better than how we are being treated by the entitled people.
That is, on what grounds justice and equality is defined. The extract of the pledge is based on the law, so its definitely a reflection that is, the justice and equality of the singapore law. The singapore law technically prohibits same sex marriages and queer marriages. Its rhetorical, then, because of the fact that the law in a manner discourages lgbtq activities. Hence, i conclude that its actually fair to have sed reflecting the pledge, and the law
That it's all lip service and the lived experiences of the minorities in these countries are still unchanged
That kid has balls of fucking titanium, caning is encouraged in their schools apparently So metal!
That kinda proves a point. At least with japan and china, the people have a chance or choice to visit other prefecture or location for relaxation. Japan has nature reserve, moutains, hills, other towns with spa, inn, relaxation. Things you can take a weekend trip away from your hometown and stuff. China. Is huge. Nuff said. Singapore? Not only are we small, but there is not a lot of place we can escape too. Hotel? Still in the city and expensive as hell. Island nearby? True, but not much else to do. Nparks? Yeah. Everyone thought of that too.
That means boss never supervise properly. If the boss doesnt see you dropping it in the solution.
That never happened. If anything Trumped didn't do it soon enough. Remember he didn't want to shut down the US Economy.
That part doesn't sound like a joke to me. I think what he said is meant as an argument to what pkismeyea said, which was that the kid was going places, implying that the kid was going to do some great things with his life. The natural interpretation of that would be that he's going to change things massively. Culturally, however, we understand X is going places to be a joke or meme. Cryxtalix must've taken it seriously and replied seriously with his reasoning for the kid's actions and how they don't have any political significance, and thus the kid is not going places. This is supported by how he sardonically, and exaggerated, remarks how the kid probably didn't put much thought into it and it wasn't meant to be a symbol against the Singapore political system or People's Action Party or racism or rising cost of living or COE too expensive or need to go NS etc . It doesn't sound like a joke. It sounds like Cryxtalix is mocking, by juxtaposing massive issues in the country to the idea of a kid who probably doesn't even understand them, anyone who would consider that kid to be the Katniss Everdeen of Singapore, that is to say a hero standing up against some corrupt government. He then develops his argument and says that it was merely a human thing for the kid to do, and not a politically-motivated one. I think that hateshalldevour has given a good reply to what I would consider Cryxtalix's very serious interpretation of the kid's actions in relation to what kpismeyea said.
That part I can understand. But the part where the author seems to imply covid measures are being loosened is completely false. They're doing themselves a disservice by implying a falsehood.
That policy is bizarre especially if someone already has one shot in addition to natural immunity, though.
That problem is surpassed by the threat of antagonising one power, who then lashes out inadvertently or intentionally triggering another world war. Very slippery slope.
That said, it does not change the fact that Singapore and Taiwan had an agreement in training SAF military personnel in Taiwan.
That savage burn. Take my east coast vote for the East Coast so WP can have a East Coast plan as well
That scene annoyed me because they made the prowler look new and trigger-happy in that scene. if I remember correctly in reality according to the books the officer gave the wrong password and the prowler shooting him was a veteran. Terrific series, otherwise
That Singaporeans hate their lives, love to wallow in self-pity, and make tenuous connections over pictures that don't really mean anything.
That sounds too scripted to be true, but then again my friend kinda did the same thing. Sad story
That standing fan brought back some school days horror. I had a really strict Chinese tutor and she would constantly turn the fan on at max speed directly at her. Which means I get it as well as I'm sitting next to her. And the wind just always puts me to sleep and I'm trying to hard to keep awake. Not helping was being tired after coming home from morning session plus studying Chinese idioms at that time was equally boring.
That the crime occurred is certain, but they could have grabbed the wrong guy. That happens a lot, everywhere.
That was honestly stupid of the victim to brush it off. I wonder if that contributed to how easy the attacker got off.
That was my question. I do not know how Singapore operates, but at least in Hawaii 12 hour shifts are the only available shifts, you get 2 days on, 1 day off, then 3 days on, 2 days off. You can't leave your shift until the next shift workers arrive no matter how late they are and they then use the ambulance you were just using. No one has their own dedicated ambulance, and it's 2 or 3 people EMTs and a paramedic per ambulance. There are extra rooms in the hospitals or fire stations for staff to sleep in, but they're for everyone working so they may not always be available when you want it. Source family member is a paramedic.
that was political move by his father. same as how he made Loong learn russian because hedging bets during cold war
that was political move by his father. why ? because political figures rarely came from that school?
That was Vivian B. and hawker centre ceilings I remember this making its rounds on various forums.
That we could merely use sharp elbows was pretty good already. Tuas 2018 is a vital learning lesson.
That will be like a 20-minute video cause employer wants to make sure you didn't swap the test.
That would be great, but renters love to pre-emptively justify why they are renting, and like to shame those who don't follow suit. Speaks volumes.
That would be median life expectancy. Average life expectancy actually gives a disproportionate amount of weight to early deaths. edit Singstat does record Life Expectancy at Age 65, which is 21.2 as of last year. Probably a slightly better answer for If I don't meet an early untimely demise, how many more years do I get to live when I'm old?
That would be neat except it would have a new special ability called Kan Cheong which always allows it to strike first regardless of speed
That's a 3 room hdb flat equivalent Those are around 2.2-2.7k nowadays, so 1k more for condo
That's a fair point. But dating isn't as transactional as renting a room for money, err. most of the time. I understand why people might have preferences especially renting a room in their own home. But I don't see how a bit of perceived inconvenience in the spirit of pursuing a more inclusive society, whilst still giving the homeowner the final say, is a bad thing. edit in other words, if having to show a few more applicants the room before renting it makes it so inconvenient that you cannot be bothered, then obviously the incentive for renting it out wasn't very high in the first place.
That's a great thing. The problem with weddings, especially the old style ones are that if they aren't grand or atleast feel grand then people will badmouth and talk behind your back about you but it has significantly reduced since the old times but is still present, just at a significantly lower rate.
That's a great way but buying just one House here is very hard to do so getting 2 is even harder and you can't even make up for 1 of the houses most of the time
That's a nice false dilema, brah. The real complain is because the government has repeatedly failed to scale the healthcare system to attend these waves of covid. It's false that the only two alternatives are lockdown or collapsed hospitals . The complain comes from structural problems the government has ignored for years and will not address now either
That's a question I've been asking myself since the Ukraine crisis suddenly broke into a full scale invasion. I've been living in Australia since 2007, I now have a wife and 2 young children. But all my brothers are in Singapore, and are still active national serviceman one is a NS battalion CO now, and another is a NS divison staff occifer. If the button is pushed, I'll like to think I'll be on the first flight home to Singapore, but with 2 kids and a wife who are in a safe land, will I? I hope I will.
That's a terrible example though. Public transport is well, public. Renting out your own place is a private matter. Not that I approve of racism when it comes to that.
That's a valid concern, hopefully the vaccines will be approved for our younger children. The best we can do is to ensure that everyone around them is vaccinated and if they were to get infected, it would not be as bad.
That's a valid point. But I do prefer the early 2000s Singapore, where we are developed but not as developed as now. Where there are still plentiful open green space around the island and not the the same cookie cutter mall and build-to-order everywhere. We should strive for progress and growth, but it should be balance with the environment and happiness.
That's a valid point. But there are also volunteers driving and sending medical personnel daily as public transport is down. There are still pockets of good deeds being done at a surprising large scale.
That's a very big one swinging towards half his cabinet colleagues eh. Also, SAP alumni like yours truly shan't get involved in this, and as spoken like a true helicopter,
That's a very Singaporean mindset to have. Most countries do not have such limits on the use of public space. Also, how are 5 people holding up signs disturbing the peace?
That's a very Singaporean mindset to have. Most countries do not have such limits on the use of public space. Which is considered a good thing. What if someone just decide to held a protest in the lift lobby or front of a school? Also, how are 5 people holding up signs disturbing the peace? Might be not at all. The problem is how to define the limit on how . So here 5 peaceful nice people holding up signs of course its okay right? They are peaceful and not disturbing anyone. But what if the signs is about something more controversial? What if there 5 people on 100 different location? What if someone disagree and decide to escalate? You need to send police to check and make sure the peaceful protest still peaceful and no one take opportunities. Uncontrolled protest is a ticking time bomb, unproductive and it cost a lot.
That's absolutely true. But the urgency now for Singapore is with our damaged economy, not cases. We are living in a semi-permanent state of lockdown. The UK will be fully open in June. So whether you vaccinate at speed to save people's lives or to save your economy it doesn't make any material difference. Just get on and do it.
That's assuming you get close enough to destroy the airfield. The amount of early warning capabilities Singapore has is staggering. There is at least one G550 AEW in the air at any time that can see all the way to KL. Then you have the ridiculous number of fighter jets Singapore already has right now it's more than Australia .
That's because everyone is kicking the can down the road.reap the rewards now and they expect a rescue to happen later.they expect either some developer or government swoops in and en bloc.
That's because he was visiting the regions near donbass, macam the president visiting tekong except got risk of being shot at. He's now in Kyiv, not in armour and helmet but staying put, use those pictures instead.
That's because the idiotic millions thought they were special and invincible and could have attained herd immunity. Sweden was already the case study, and yet millions of idiots still thought they had true superpower. Truly india's bull or cowshit superpower?
That's because the religious demographics are so evenly split so we don't have one dominant religion. Even the largest religious group buddhists only make up 31%, and it helps that our founding fathers were largely secular. Singapore comes down very hard on religious extremism, whereas in our neighboring countries it has been allowed to flourish.
That's because they think people have cars when they themselves live in their ivory towers and have multiple cars and condos at their disposal. Too spoiled to be a boss.
that's brutal. and the lady walks off like nothing is happening. well to be honest I wouldn't know what to do in this situation as well
that's cool but well, while I would like to stand up for myself, I don't really take the attacks personally, I just put up with them and smile since I'm not one who enjoys being engaged in conflict. I think this is why some of them like to take advantage of student workers.
That's disgusting! Sadly, I have no respect for the medical community in Singapore with the exception of a few Doctors who are exceptional at their craft. Besides that, it's mostly a bunch of kids good at memorizing inane bio and chem facts and want the money. Even with that, I'm shocked at what you described. I wish they would do interviews and essays for medicine to take people with more holistic competence.
that's estradiol though, treating humans with estradiol mainly only occurs with trans people, it's not like cis people take hormones
That's exactly it, on an individual level, there is no real point some might argue that fulfilling their personal desire to add a child to the family unit is a point, and like, sure if that's your individual cup of tea, go ahead But despite what many would lead you to believe, the key reason why it's so important to have kids here, is to maintain our own national resource Lee Kuan Yew, multiple times Which sounds Matrix-y as fuck to be honest. But whilst no one is actually going to human-farm your kid for electricity, our sovereign independence, political longevity, and economic stability is very dependent on how many times you fuck to conceive. So then, if having a child is not on your agenda, you gotta ask yourself. Does the interests of the nation that priority over your own? Are you willing to not only toss the responsibility of up-keeping the nation's future on their shoulders, but also taking up the responsibility to raise them to fulfill that role?
That's exactly what it is. If we wish to progress as a nation, we can't rely on goodwill and hope that the People's Action Party will not one day decide to screw us over with their supermajority aka the proverbial blank cheque . The potential for groupthink within a single-party majority also puts us at greater risk of a parliament that enacts policies which may not be the best for the country. This is why it is important to have alternate viewpoints in parliament, and why we should have more opposition MPs - Not for the sake of merely opposing the People's Action Party for opposition's sake, but to work together with the government whenever possible, while also providing counterpoints whenever necessary to ensure that no segment of the population goes unheard or unrepresented. The key here is to vote in competent opposition, as opposed to populist opposition. That is what the WP has done so far, and I believe their track record in parliament speaks for itself.
That's good to hear. I could see the argument going either way, but I think MOH has struck the fairer balance here. Here is further confirmation
That's how we've maintained racial and religious harmony . As with repressing anything, it's pretty unhealthy in my opinion
That's if you think rationally and not emotionally. If a brand of products have failed you in the past would you trust that brand again? Or would most people want to avoid that brand? When the owner come up with a contract that says no cooking curry or strong smelling food or heavy cooking allowed that might sound racist and might as well be the same as rejecting them because of their race. Like either ways you're most likely going to not want them as your tenants, and if you phrase it one way or the other some sjw will just condemn you. Maybe that's why when you're dammed when you do and damned when you don't do anything, there's so many owners who just reject quietly in pm or just reject you outright.Some owners might also not reject Indians because of what they cook but they might not like their attitude or how they talk. They might be using the stereotypical reasons to reject you rather than saying that. Additionally the smell of spices or oils might not only be in the curtains, but it could also be in the walls and ceiling which is way harder to remove compared to curtains where the owner can just throw away and buy new ones.
that's interesting. but why did they only say indian rupees when the interviewer asked if they had seen other currencies?
That's japan no? Junko, I forgot if the people who did it got prosecuted since they were all school age. Did singapore have a similar case?
That's just from primary investigations. Once they dig deeper they might find a connection. This attack sounds too personal.
That's just fucking stupid in my opinion, how to concentrate when you literally can't without meds?
That's just honestly disturbing and speaks volume of him. Ashamed to have a minister like this. Never liked him since I saw the way he spoke during the roundtable debate prior to last year's elections.
That's just the tip of the iceberg. Just imagine what we face too when we have to work with these parents in the office as co-workers. Hoho. I'm sorry for what you experienced, but we're surrounded by a bunch of ungrateful, self-entitled goons who think they shouldn't have to pay for parking, demand no ice in a starbucks drink but still expect it to be ice cold, put their children on pedestals higher than all our dreams and aspirations combined, walk on imaginary rolls of red carpart, and these folks are the ones sandwiched between the baby boomers and older millennials like myself. They are supposed to raise their kids up into well-adjusted adults who will bring Singapore into the future, but noooo. It's going to get worse. I think we're shit out of luck, my friend. Hold your head up, and trudge on.
That's nice! My jab centre was quite close to my home, so not much reason to take a free ride there. But which food outlets offer free food for proof of jab?
That's not a massive national scandal, that's a reddit scandal. Too bad it didn't get any media attention at all. HOGC as far as I know, is the darling of our local media. They have appeared on straits times before for positive reasons.
That's not always the case. The incumbent party takes care of its own if they do well. But lose a GRC or make the party lose face? Good luck, on your own.
That's not at all what the judgment says. The AG would have to publicly announce a change of government policy. It's not a matter of letting individual defendants know as and when the AG pleases. ETA Reading the actual judgment, it turns out that the holding applies to s 377A in its entirety, not just acts committed in private. See 149 150 .
That's not how democracy works. Democracy has to take place within a framework that respects rights to begin with no functioning democracy would allow its citizens to democratically elect the genocide of a minority group and defend the process as democratic. The democratic process is meant to function as a check on political power by unelected elites, not as a excuse to oppress minorities. So yes, it's good that Singapore is a democracy, but saying that we discriminate against a minority because of democracy is lazy reasoning.
That's not the same. You can't just dismiss a racial based bullying because other forms of bullying exist. Just listen to the person and what they have to say. You don't need to jump to excuses. Just hear the person out.
That's not toxic milk, that's actually HL milk, the perfect balance of highs and lows. Now with plant sterols.
That's not true, a taser will still cause neuromuscular incapacitation even if someone is high or drunk 100% of the time if both prongs go into the perp with an adequate spread. It was a good shoot though, using a gun was the correct option in this case.
That's not true. We have more than half of the citizens not even called up. Back to my point on keeping to what is being discussed. But you will still be here when war breaks out. Don't you want to fight? Why would they? Would you sacrifice for a country that you migrated to temporarily and have no intention of staying for good? It is also better off that the citizens are making money instead. If you are suggesting that we abolish NS, you are again deviating from the point of my reply.
That's okay. Obviously if you don't get along with a culture and hence don't wish to live with them, that's okay. That's not the same thing as what the other person was doing. I'm just saying the previous commenter made blatantly racist comments such as the following There is some truth to the stereotype. Based on some experiences of people lying 3 in total , I would scrutinise Indians more. I understand why some people outright ban them. And then kept arguing about how none of this is racist. When it clearly is.
That's okay. Obviously if you don't get along with a culture I thought you said i was racist? If so what does culture have to do with it? You do know you just unwittingly associated all the negative examples i stated to your culture right? How is this kind of discrimination better ? What kind of twat are you? So instead of racism you decide cultural discrimination is better? No wonder you are being down voted .
That's one of the drawbacks of meritocracy. Sense of entitlement. Elitism. Very similar to the nouveau riche attitude. These people have to learn that they are no better or worse than the rest of us and a person's fortune can turn in an instant. It's even worse if these people acknowledge and are even proud of their elitist attitude. I guess this sort of behaviour is very prevalent in the Singapore society. We are not a gracious nation. Unless the current generation face some sort of calamity, this wouldn't change.
That's one of the most racist countries I know, despite it being one of the most multicultural ones
That's only if you count death as the only risk involved with getting covid. The long term side effects of covid impaired lung function etc. on working adults should be more significant to the economy than the death of a couple of retirees.
That's our own fault for not signing on, could have been a school principal or smrt director by now!
That's precisely the reason. It's the general population, men included, throwing men under the bus for military defense, where lives are actually at stake. A Singaporean man's life is no less precious than a woman's. A Singaporean woman is no less responsible for Singapore's defense than a man. Using the male physique as a reason for using men as a meat shield in war is no better than using women as child incubators, which curiously some women are all to happy to call themselves when faced with the alternative of defending their country.
That's probably a good thing. If there wasn't piles of paperwork and reports to be filled in to justify the shooting, then you end up with cops that are more trigger-happy because they may not be as accountable. In the UK, cops have tonnes of paperwork to do after they shoot their gun regardless of whether they actually hit someone , and there's a full on internal inquiry into the shooting and whether it was justified or not, guns are surrendered and forensically examined, the officer involved is removed from duty until they're cleared, and if someone was killed then they hold a formal inquest. I don't know if that's also how it works here, but I think it should be. Guns should only ever be used as the absolute last resort.
That's probably because travelers are typically tested by the end of their 14 week quarantine as they anyway board the flight with negative test results. Given that the ban came into effect 7 days back, it makes sense that there are positive cases of EP travellers from India who came before 23rd and have been in quarantine since then.
That's probably due to the fact that Chinese make up the majority of the population. You can keep crying about it but it is what it is.
That's quite long ago 1991 wasn't it? Mbs was mentioned above. Or was there a more recent one?
That's right. people don't get the moral of the story and keeps commenting useless stuff like Fake
That's so not true. Singapore has FTA everywhere, including Belarus and Russia. As i'd mentioned we're referring to the initial phases and reason for the conflict. US vs Al Qaeda compared to Russia vs Ukraine When US included Iraq and Taliban into the picture, it's a whole other argument. Not saying that any of them are justified. Just saying that our nations stance between all these mentioned conflicts have to be different because of the circumstances, reasons and nuances. Of which you chose to ignore and just apply a swiping statement and lump the entirety of the War on Terror to compare against Putin's invasion of Ukraine.
That's SOP. Investigation in progress, best is not to comment. Do send your parents a message to reassure them you're ok.
That's strange, I've been stopped by a few Storytel people before and when I tell them I'll think about it they'll say sure no problem.
That's stupid. No one ever looked at big, gross smelly pig and thought, mmmmm- . I mean I love bacon, but pigs look gross.
That's talking cock. CPG have A 2 year contract with the town council which can only be cancelled by the TC. The WP could easily hold CPG to the contract until a tender could be called. Instead they go and cancelled the contract. edit just to add I did not mentioned any wrong doing, I specifically pointed out its something most people don't know about instead are blaming People's Action Party for no reason Edit2 the irony of the entire situation is the WP themselves never deny this only their clueless fans are doing that. Their defense is even if this is a scrap, they did it out of good faith
That's the case for all healthcare workers. Locums are historically and presently paid multiple times that of permanent staff
That's the concern, and they're really flying everywhere before countries started banning them. Even with the strict border controls and SHN requirements in Singapore we're seeing leaks. What happens elsewhere?
That's the crux of it - power. I am non-Chinese and basically grew up with all the same racist comments that OP is currently facing. My parents advice to me back then was to be better , smarter etc. And when I had achieved enough, I could tell racist people to piss off and not be afraid that they could hurt me in return. I now understand that the idea was to shift the power balance. Not everywhere, but just enough to protect myself in my little sphere of influence. It was how I survived. The first time I told off a racist person and rallied others to condemn them as well, was when I understood what it was to feel powerful. The racist person was marginalised. Was that the right move? Was I a bully? I dunno, maybe. But I was never afraid after that. I still face the odd bit off racism every now and then, but I'm less blunt on how I handle it. Maybe I've mellowed with age. I try to educate instead. And I'm glad to say that more often than not, people are willing to listen. For once, I have some hope that we can have an open conversation about racism. Without the need to exert power over anyone.
That's the entire point I'm trying to make. The common person living in cities are pushed out of affordability. From SF to HK to NY to London and even Singapore. I'd say that Singapore is doing better, the best comparison we have in HK given size and living in Shenzhen is like living in a different country , where if you are poor or lower middle class , you can't even afford a shoebox flat in places like Tuen Mun the Punggol of HK . I'm just saying that you can't just point to a niche group of people and say they are doing well here, so everything is better here than Singapore! . I can do that same argument for Singapore, with people like software engineers, doctors, investment bankers or heck, super scale civil servants.
That's the point of OP question isnt it? In every war, It will always be the average people defending their country. Will the elites and political leaders fight in the frontline with average citizens? Will they send their children to the frontline or run away because they can and have the means to? Remember wars are started by political leaders and the elites, the average citizens have no say in whether they want a war or not. And it is always the citizens who have no say end up losing our lives. The War will End, The leaders will Shake hands, The old women will keep waiting for her Martyred son, That girl will wait for her Husband and Those Children's will wait for their Heroic Father, I don't know who sold our Homeland but i Saw who Paid the Price
That's the point of the closing speech. It's to sum up what their core belief is, not to iterate on their policies which was done on the debate portion.
That's the point! They can ignore the issue like cowards, but if everyone is making truthful police reports for what is, at least on the books, a serious crime it will be super embarrassing for them to ignore or say nothing. I wouldn't call it a protest exactly how could it be a protest, you're just following the procedure for reporting crimes! but it would have the effect of one.
That's the problem. Have you read my comment properly? I said not given a chance . How do you believe political parties could just swoop their way into the parliament with no resources? How do you expect startups to even start anything with no capital? How do you expect startups to grow with no venture funding or investments? Do you know Softbank pumped a shit ton of money into Grab? Grab in their infancy stage received 25k funding as a start. And luckily for Grab, starting out didn't require a shit ton of money. Like Grab and any startups looking to compete with conglomerates, you need ideas, good ideas, and to know what are the weaknesses AKA termed as picking the bones by you of the giants out there. To produce, implement and revise these ideas, you need resources and experience. In other words, you need votes, and your foot in the parliament. Without funding, without votes, without their foot in the parliament, political manifestos and willpower will just stay as that, manifestos and ideas. Grab started out crappy, even with that disruptive idea, and screwed things up for LTA to the point they had to come up with the PHV license. And you know why the taxi companies got fucked? Because they grew too comfortable at the top, got complacent and ended up being fucked by Grab, Gojek and Uber although Uber got fucked by Grab . They could've adopted and implemented the same disruptive idea with simple foresight and willpower. But no, they didnt, and they refused, because they wanted monopoly and didnt believe anybody could topple their hegemony. If we get good opposition through the parliament door, we provide them with the funding to inject proper debate in the parliament with their disruptive ideas and allow them to sharpen their knives with experience to compete with the MNC . Because the incumbent will get complacent. It's just human nature. Because if you don't give the opposition a chance, they'll only have the resources to pick at the bones. And vice versa. If you haven't realised by now, improvement comes from both directions. You produce new good ideas, and you pick the bones off bad ideas. Policy making requires a shit ton of resources, by the way.
That's the same for many other regions not countries , but we haven't had an incident from a newer-generation nuclear power plant newer than fuckushima at least anywhere in the world yet, and nuclear power might be humanity's main path towards dropping fossil fuels for now.
That's the thing! Than leading back to op post. Why would we bring a child into this world where we barely have time for ourself? Yes yes, i love children and they will bring happiness to me and my partner. But. I want to be there for them, and not have to have a maid or a nanny raise my own child. I dunno. Singapore is just a tough place to raise a child. For now. Maybe if things change. Maybe. One can hope and dream.
That's the thrust of the message, but I can't help but think that any objective reading into the situation reveals the opposite to be true. Our SAF is not the Ukrainians, it's the Russians. Poorly motivated, undertrained conscripts invading a foreign land per our first strike doctrine are having an absolutely miserable time while a professional core with civilians armed with AKs, homemade Molotovs, and a dream are doing surprisingly well and will likely make holding Ukraine impossible regardless of whether the state apparatus survives.
That's the truth but most of the bosses do not understand this and always believe that OT means the worker is so hardworking and productive. Weird logic.
That's the type of in the box thinking that should see you straight to the top! Expect your promotion letter in the mail!
That's true and the fact that people have the freedom to do what they need or want in a relationship is one of the things that's good in Singapore as in a few extremist ruled countries, especially in the European and Middle Eastern countries are plauged by extremists that forbid freedom of choice in relationships.
That's true as well. Hence the whole poison shrimp thing comes into play. At this stage unlikely but i Hope it ends soon for all
That's true, I was from polytechnic and then went to a local university. Once, I overheard one of the parents of a secondary school kid in an open house telling him next time you study good, go jc, then follow him pointing to me go local university, don't stupid stupid go polytechnic no use one. I pointed out that I was actually a polytechnic student and their face went so red and they apologized.
That's true, there are worse places in this world. But it's not a valid argument for shutting down a conversation about why people are unhappy about their standard of living in Singapore. Its the classic case of the fallacy of relative privatisation
That's true. Back in secondary school probs half a decade , we had the key to our classrooms and since being secondary 5 with almost less than 20 students, we skipped morning assembly and just took a quick nap in class before the teacher came. No teacher in assembly called us out, our home teacher thought it was pretty smart of us to go to class earlier instead of wasting time at assembly.
That's true. But I always can't answer this question. When does preference cross the line of being a racist? For example, if a Chinese guy prefers to marry a Chinese girl and not open to other race, just because that's his preference, is it racist?
That's very sweet. Honestly a kind word to the medical or allied health team is more than enough
That's weird, so many people are going to hospitals when so many Redditors claimed that covid is now a common flu?
That's what i meant? you have no idea even who the customer is. If you ask where was the interaction, then where else? Their house?
That's what my cousin did. She worked as locum for period of time then decided Singapore doesn't pay that much. Migrated to Sweden. Making BANK there. Even got a husband there too . She said working as a polyclinic doctor was the absolute worst and she really respect those that work there to actually help others because the pay is dog shit compared to private and compared to what shes earning now.
That's what one sec1 kid claims from telling his or her dad, who claimed so to the media. That's why don't speculate, a lot of these details can be blown out of proportion. Let the authorities and the school do what's right for all those affected. The rest of us kaypohs me included should just give them space and time.
That's what religious fundamentalists are known for aren't they. Getting offended over everything not fitting their archaic narrative and proceed to force their beliefs on everyone else. Now, religion doesn't automatically make followers cunts, but it does encourage cunt behaviour in quite a few areas. Like. oh I dont know. the Crusades?
That's what they said in 2007. And the fact is that many of the toxic strategies you see in play now like Iris Koh astroturfing MOH were strategies first employed against LGBT Singaporeans in the 2000s when conservatives mobilised numbers to apply pressure. The fact is that if you can have an empathy deficit when it comes to one issue then you can have it on any other issue, and I would argue that this is precisely what we see now in Singapore society where right wing Polish trolls feel empowered to come and tell actual born and bred Singaporeans to emigrate if they don't like Singapore.
that's what US always doing guys, let's form a new chat group WITHOUT someone china China You guys are childish to form small circles. We should all chat in a big group UN
that's what we hope, but look at all the MLM jokers and all the other rich insurance agents.
That's when commuters need to be straightforward and say loudly do you have no sense of shame ? Maybe it'll traumatise the commission-taking pest enough to never accept any future commission-based jobs.
That's why I intend to move to New Zealand when my ns finish. Partly because I like the environment and customs more than Singapore's, partly because the cost of living there is lower.
That's why I suggested a referendum as a way forward out of this legislative limbo. If the government if the day truly has no major policy opinion or mandate on this issue, why not resolve the direction via a referendum? A referendum is never a simple or sure win deal, as Brexit will be a major lesson for years to come on political polling and forecasting. Never did I project a tyranny of the majority or ethos argument using the people to push through a wish or want as a law. If the religious groups mobilize in droves to campaign against the repealment in the numbers that support the government's hypothesis that they are the silent majority, then I will respect the outcome and acknowledge that Singapore indeed is not ready for equal rights for everyone. May I suggest you stop projecting self-victimization and erect strawmen to argue against the decriminalisation of homosexuals? If you don't see the irony of using China of all available examples to argue against decriminalization of homosexuals, maybe you need to read more news and Wikipedia and stay off the keyboard.
That's your idea of a startup, applicable probably particularly only in the software technology space. And in order to do even that, the startup needs individuals to develop the ideas and commit to prototypes. During this time, they earn and gain NOTHING. And most startups do not even push for an idea SO strong that it topples the industry. Most will only work on ideas that will revolutionise a small aspect of the industrial machinery. But what they need is our resource, our votes, and the experience in parliament to further develop themselves and their ideas. Do you even understand the point I was pushing through in the previous comment. And, pointing out faults is different from playing the victim card.
That's your perspective. If MP did a good job, why not a vote? We were the earlier batch in 2011 to vote the opp in because we were like you naive and idealistic. Have you run a TC, went to an MPS? Everything needs to happen gradually, I believe when WP went into the parliament and have keep rather low profile is because it is difficult to raise objection for the sake of raising one. They didn't do much out of the box, were as arrogant and rougue in their rally 2015, no different than the whites. Surely we don't need another arrogant bunch in the parliament who can't even manage their TC and funds when they know the watchdogs are sniffing? What's the point of bringing up BIG issues in parliament when your neighbourhood is in a mess. I am sure you will also complain. Small things can't do, don't say the big ones. If you want change, go for it. Bite the bullet with your party, if your party is voted in, things are not going to be easy during the transition. They maybe too busy taking care of the estate to bring the BIG issues to the table. It's going to take time for new party to be competent and mature. After 2 elections, my estate is well taken care of, their tone is no longer anguished, their views are more balanced. I will vote for my WP MP simply the same like why the poster parents would. Small things can do, now take my vote and do the Big one. Please respect everyone's decision.
Thats because they fill the rest of the day with bier and schnitzel. Where got time to sleep!
Thats great to hear! Is it graded? Do you think making it part of the tested school curriculum, will be more effective towards instilling those lessons into the youth? Ultimately, the lessons wont get through to 100% of students, and i guess thats where life comes in to provide the lesson. But i'm glad it worked for you
Thats life innit - survive, procreate and die. It applies to all life, not just Singaporeans.
Thats some BS , if our pledge really was severely enforced, the government and our people wouldnt have such a conservative mindset.
Thats the same as blaming the chinese for whatever TF winnie the pooh is doing to HK and Taiwan
thats the same for every country on earth. I could say the same for singapore wanting to invade malaysia as well.
Thats what happen when you reply in the MRT. Thanks for pointing it out. Most vital would be head and neck yes. Non vital would be stomach area etc.
The $2 note shows a group of pupils interacting with a teacher in a Borderless Classroom . Three prominent institutions of learning are seen in the background. From the extreme right, the institutions are Victoria Bridge School, the old Raffles Institution at Bras Basah Road, and the College of Medicine. Besides being closely associated with the late Encik Yusof at various stages of his life , the three institutions also symbolically represent the ideal educational progression in Singapore, namely primary, secondary and tertiary. Source
The $5 polymer notes smell different from the rest. Especially when you run it through the money counting machine. It stinks.
the 'difference' is a stretch at best if sovereignty is concerned. iraq and afghanistan were a sovereign nations by definition. even if u consider 911 as a declaration of war, iraq was basically unprovoked, backed by bs intel. for singapore its basically a qpq ig, we got an FTA for our support or
The 18% will continue to place a disproportionate strain on the health system, so reducing that percentage is helpful.
The 21 gun salute will scare away the virus, don't need scared. It's all planned swee swee by our government. s or
The ability to fall back and regroup at strategic points, usually after a battle gone south. Singapore is too small if the army retreats usually in disorder or when morale breaks , they need time, depth and a good location to regroup, but Singapore is too small to offer that. Non-expert here, though.
The accuracy tho. I wouldnt like to stereotype, but at this point it really be like that a lot. Heck.
The all-or-nothing nature of our parliamentary electoral system ensures that it is possible for any party to form a supermajority with just 33% of the popular vote, provided they win in the larger GRCs. Source
The amazing thing was Khaw Boon came out and said that there was no fault found after investigation, only to flip flop after the EDMW CSI thread came out.
The American initially had 53 charges against him including vadalising and theft of cars, mischief, owning fireworks and possession of stolen items etc. All but four of the charges were dropped after a plea bargain. He later tried to walk back on the bargain claiming that he thought he will be exempted from caning if he admits guilt. Thjs doesn't make sense unless he was not represented by a lawyer. The school he went to was a an affluent one. He would have had means to get an expensive lawyer.
The amount of lead time to 8 May is just ridiculous, haven't we learned that Singaporeans overreact and overcompensate when given lead time? Expect gyms to be a clusterfuck from now till Saturday.
The amount of liberal cancer here is astounishing. When did Singapore become the next usa? Yes, people who are against transgender people because they view transgender as non-natural are real. Yes, people who are against transgender people not because they are religious are real. Yes, people who are anti-trans people yet can still respect them as normal humans are real. We are not against them. We are against the cancer taht has spread to their minds which affects their persepctives on lives and those of others. Basically, fuck off. No one cares that u want to chop off ur dick. Just dont go around flaunting it and telling people to be proud of u for doing it.
The analogy is not that Taiwan is Ukraine. The correct analogy is that China is Ukraine and Taiwan is the Donbas. If Taiwan declares independence and the US recognizes it, the US would be the one infringing on China's sovereignty and territorial rights like Russia with Ukraine. Which is why China cannot be seen supporting Russia in this overtly. But the tacit approval is still quite awkward.
The answer to all these problems is, just stay single. Enjoy your life and die in peace.
The apology was probably scared kena humtum. Not because they are sorry for what they said.
The apparent conflicts of interest are one thing, but it was the whole elected presidency fiasco has convinced me that the political system in Singapore needs more robustness. Glad i have decent opposition candidates in my area this time around.
The article stated there was a dispute between them. If the victim challenged the offender to a fight and lost it'd be a bitch move to call foul afterwards.
The assumption is that restrictions are the main reason for our number of cases when we don't even know if that's the case. Hello brother, remember how we loosened restrictions for delta when we still had quite a number of cases and it never exploded like fearmongers said it would? At this point, we probably have 30-40K cases daily. Just that a chunk aren't reported. I am sick of the government's failings being used as a justification for restrictions. Their long history of underpaying healthcare workers and overworking them have come to bite them in the butt. So no, I won't stop complaining. people like you try to make yourself look caring about healthcare workers but all your comment reek of the same uninformed opinion. MMTF didn't prepare capacity properly but not their fault because only so much qualified manpower available? That is 100% on them. They underpaid them and treated nursing as a low class job. No wonder people don't want to be nurses. The frontliners after this peak are still going to suffer because of bad management, horrible policies and toxic working culture. Are you going to fight for them or abandon them? I suspect the latter because it's what people like you do when you want to justify restrictions but ignore any structural problems that healthcare has had. Maybe if our clowns hadn't decided that nursing was a low skilled job further reinforcing nursing as an undesirable profession, we wouldn't be having such a crucial shortage.
The attitude of Malays being holier than thou is kinda sickening . Have experienced it many times , sadly it's not gonna stop .
the aunties or uncles here in Singapore. boy is the secret technique to get someone else to throw raid balls for you so your hands can get a break after tapping so much.
The AWARE SAGA podcast on Spotify covers this in great detail and it's definitely a must-listen!
The ban on non-citizens has just started so the imported cases from India previously still included foreigners. He's just asking for the ban to now also extend to PRs and citizens. It's more controversial but can see the reason either way.
The basic tenet is that flights from places where the virus is spreading like wildfire should be banned. If that means conferences can't be held in Singapore then so be it. That being said, I am not a fan of blanket bans on flights from countries but I am in favour of one from India right now is due to the circumstances prevalent in the country at the moment. In the US, people aren't dying by the hundreds due to poor handling of the pandemic at the moment. There is a brand new strain of the virus in India that seems to be extremely virulent and not a lot is known about it. It seems existing vaccines aren't protecting people against it. All these factors make it extremely dangerous to allow it into a country as small as Singapore. Once we have a better understanding of this new variant and how it can be combatted, the Singapore government can relook the flight ban. by the way, I am not a PR.
the best comeback, but it's nasty is. you have me as a child but I am not going to take care of you anyway
The best part about that one was he accused the government of targeting him because he apparently criticize People's Action Party or something along that line.
The best story I had when I was in the service. Some crab asked me which school did I go? I answered SP and then he just ignored me the entire night.
The best thing about Grab is that it finally forced Comfort to get its act together and make a useable app.
The best thing about this ndp is the badass aunty drones and best of all this kid
The best thing to do is diam diam and disappear. Otherwise, there will be an influx of friends or colleagues .
The biggest challenge to the ruling party is also their most successful policy, educating the general population. We are now able to understand what they are trying to say. What we need to learn next is to hold the party to their promises and actions.
The biggest mistake the liberals in every generation make is to assume their generation is more liberal and open and the elders are the boomers. Well, I lived long enough to tell you it's not true and the conservatives are usually the majority in every generation.
The bystander effect has been proven to be a bad study. It's simply not true.
The chief of army probably scratching his head thinking what to do now, hope I don't have to book in D
The China market is 1.4 billion big. How big is the Singapore market? Didn't someone say in the 2018 national day rally that we are price takers?
The choice is a lie. Only plain will be served, without curry, without sugar
The clinic is fucking crowded because 1 everyone needs a MC to certify themselves as sick. MMTF can say school and work should accept positive ART Test without MC but everyone knows how schools and companies work in Singapore. E.g. a Grab Driver isn't eligible for the income relief from Grab because he didnt get a MC. So what shld the Grab Driver. The brainless answer is to jam the clinic to get a MC. 2 you get benefits for being in system. Your positive ART test needs to be done by a professional to enjoy delays in booster and a test free travel. Who come up with this policy? MMTF. You say the spread is much worse without the measures. Then why aren't we mandating vaccination? Why are we giving special concessions to vdms for religious unvaxxed in places of worships? I tell you. Because the unvaxxed can vote. All these are done or not done not because of science.
The Comfort app has the 'Pay for Street Hail' function, so when you flag a cab, scan the cab's QR code through the app and it will pair your credit card with that ride. That way, there's no admin fee for a metered fare that you hail from the street.
the ComfortDelgro booking system is also available on a new-ish app Zig , which looks pretty modern. there're also a few other things you can do on Zig e.g. get discounts on f&b places . they also have pretty good promo codes. over the mothers' day weekend, if I remember correctly, they gave out a code which gave you $10 off cab fares. unfortunately, not many people know about this app.
The comment you replied to is ' fully vaccinated by end of September'. You need 3-4 weeks to get the second jab, then another 2 weeks after the second jab to be considered fully vaccinated. So the person you replied to probably mean to get people vaccinated by this week to get fully vaccinated by end Sep. Unless you mean ' first jab by this week', then you're just repeating the same thing. Just bugged me because if you really had meant fully vaccinated by this week , it's really your privilege by being Singaporean. 39 PRs and LT pass holders had no choice but to wait for the last batch to open only from July 2 , meaning they'd only be fully vaccinated by end of Aug, die die wanna earlier also cannot.
The commentary by the guy is spot on. And i think every singaporean whos ever done guard duty wouldve done so as well. This is basically key installation protection as far as the police are concerned, taking a shot is basically what youre supposed to do. Except that we army boys were taught to take a warning shot first before the actual shot im not sure if police have similar guidelines or if their pistol has only one shot so theres no ammo for warning etc. But given the distance between the defenders and antagonists, if i were the guard commander, id have given the order to shoot for sure. The round hit his arm, so id give kudos to the cops for a pretty much perfect disARMing shot.
The commenter explicitly said Putin was wrong, but . When challenged on that, they doubled-down on the US and NATO are also wrong part of the sentence, claiming that it was essential. And quite frankly, I've been reading up on the political context of NATO and USA's decisions, and taking into account just NATO and USA's decisions and not the decisions of other third parties regarding those decisions, which have often been mysteriously omitted from these claims , Putin still made a stupid-ass decision and continues to make stupid-ass decisions .
The commenter explicitly said Putin was wrong, but . When challenged on that, they doubled-down on the US and NATO are also wrong part of the sentence, claiming that it was essential. this is really disingenuous. The commenter doubled down on their full statement because someone else attempted to take their comment out of context . I don't disagree that the order for the invasion is wrong and illegal, but the context helps us to get into the headspace of Putin a little to understand where that decision came from.
The common argument is I quote since Singapore is a Chinese country, they should side with their brothers and sisters for the great of the motherland Sounds familiar ya?
The conspiracy theories behind Lee Hsien Loong's first wife, Wong Ming Yang's death. It was pretty big and much talked about when she died in the 1980s.
The construction workers explanation is not very sound. We've seen how badly hit a dormitory can be and we are going to allow workers from India to come in with a highly infectious variant? Feels like taking one step forward and ten steps behind.
The correct way is to not bring ethnicity or religion into this and teach sex ed as it is based on the facts
The cost of the resilience or whatever packages far outweighs the costs of a dozen flights. Singapore can afford it if it means avoiding another lockdown.
The Court of Appeal held that the entirety of Section 377A is unenforceable unless and until the Attorney-General of the day provides clear notice that he, in his capacity as the public prosecutor, intends to reassert his right to enforce the law by way of prosecution and will no longer abide by representations made by the then-AG in 2018 as to the prosecutorial policy that applies to certain conduct. It can also mean if AG manage to gather enough evidence to sue people for doing the act in private, AG can assert the right to sue as whenever he wants. The fact remains that it is hard to gather evidence for act in private property, hence unenforceable
The Court of Appeal held that the entirety of Section 377A is unenforceable unless and until the Attorney-General of the day provides clear notice that he, in his capacity as the public prosecutor, intends to reassert his right to enforce the law by way of prosecution and will no longer abide by representations made by the then-AG in 2018 as to the prosecutorial policy that applies to certain conduct. They do not face any real and credible threat of prosecution under Section 377A at this time and therefore do not have standing to pursue their constitutional challenges to that provision, said the Chief Justice. Chief Justice Menon said it is therefore unnecessary for the Court of Appeal to address the constitutional questions raised by the appellants. Very interesting case. Usually previous cases attempting to challenge 377A as unconstitutional relied on the same old arguments Article 9 and Article 12 of Constitution . This time it became a question of standing. On one hand this is a bad thing as it basically shuts down any more challenge of 377A before our courts on the unconstitutionality of 377A. On the other hand this case cements the status quo.which can be seen as a good thing as it effectively negates the use of 377A. The pessimist in me, however, thinks that this is irrelevant as AG can just simply cite public morals or some other esoteric reason to enforce 377A whenever they like. Look no further than the Titus Low case to see how fickle our AG can be.
The Court was then asked to consider whether s 377A breached Article 9 1 of the Constitution, which states that no person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save in accordance with law . The Applicants argued that sexual orientation is biologically determined and immutable, and therefore the criminalisation of sex between men arbitrarily punishes an individual's ingrained identity in violation of Article 9 1 . The Court accepted expert evidence on the scientific determinants of homosexuality to decide this point. It found that there is no definitive consensus that homosexuality is caused by genetic determinants alone, and was thus disinclined to rule in favour of the Applicants. In addition, it held that because s 377A only criminalised acts of homosexuality , not people of a particular sexual orientation, it was therefore compatible with Article 9 1 . High court say no so ig thats what government think
The court's job is to make a legally correct ruling. You may not like the outcome neither do I at least, in the sense that it's not the best possible outcome , but I prefer this judicial process to the kind of barely-disguised politicking you see coming out of, say, the US Supreme Court.
the covid cases in india are going crazy right now so i wouldnt consider to be racist but more of trying to limit the potential covid cases here
The covid seriousness measurement is the oxygen level, and that's why every household has one. If your oxygem level drops to the 90% you should head to the hospital, otherwise just panadol and cough syrup. In case of doubt just go to the GP and he or she will evaluate accordingly
The covid situation in India has been in dire states since beginning of March. If they are not back in Singapore by now, they don't really want to come back
The credit card salesman doesn't yell that you're going to Hell for not buying his credit card
The current political party is just incapable of leading the modern and next generation of Singaporeans
The current situation is a direct result of the ivory tower inhabitants not heeding or acting upon that alot has been said ! You know what you sound like? I had two years to study for A levels but I totally didn't. Now only left a few days and I can't cram everything into my head. A lot has been said about studying the past two years but I need a solution now!
The current thinking appears to be that the outbreak actually started in the fish market, and some people went from there to karaoke lounge, but the karaoke lounge outbreak was reported first, and is a convenient scapegoat no doubt encouraged by the G clowns.
The curry murder was a high-profile murder case in 1984 that supposedly involved the perpetrators covering up the killing by chopping the victim Ayakanno Marimuthu's given as Marithamuthu in some sources body into pieces and cooking them in curry. In March 1987, six suspects, including Marimuthu's wife Nagaratha Vally Ramiah and her relatives were charged with murder, but given a discharge not amounting to an acquittal as no remains or evidence of the killing were ever found.
The dangerous ones are those that gave the hate speech. They are no different from Putin. Same character but just on the other side. Singapore is a multiracial society. Any tear in our social fabric and we will be destroyed.
The data and history also shows that most Singaporeans were descended from coolies and this is something that Lee Kuan Yew also pointed out a lot. If I were to be as uncharitable as you are in your characterisation I would say this explains why Singaporeans are always 50 years behind the rest of the world. But unlike you, I don't cherry pick facts and statistics to fit whatever discriminatory narrative you want to promote. Before quoting facts out of your ass, try thinking about how your own attitude would look like used against you. You might be the straight majority in Singapore but going by this logic you're the minority in the developed world
The day our government decided to conveniently perceive precaution as racism was the day I decided that I would never vote for the men in white ever again. Truly scum in sheep's clothing
The declaration was to not go for surgery BEFORE the wedding. ROM already knew that she would do it after the wedding and confirmed that it was ok before backtracking after HDB brought it up. If it was not ok at all, it should have been made clear to her from the start.
the demands of the society we live in is drastically different from our parents generation. so it's understandable why Singaporeans are pushing to start a family towards a later age, esp when work is so demanding at the start of their career, if they even want to have kids. that's being responsible, only bringing a kid into the world when you're able to provide in terms of time, emotionally and financially. and that's only the start of the discussion, which OP brought up several good points all the talk of encouraging kids by the government and parents are not helping if they don't solve these root issues
The demographics are working against pap if the trend continues. With every passibg election MG or PG pool is shrinking and the Gen Z pool is expanding. Alot for them to think about.
The difference is that people can hide behind the pretext of preference in private matters, which makes it morally ambiguous as best. A Chinese girl saying that she only dates Chinese men wouldn't be called racist. There's no malice involved and nobody is forcing anyone to do anything. Saying that's the same as apartheid is a pretty long stretch.
The difference is, a McChicken in Singapore is a cheap meal if you can call it that. On the other hand, McDonalds is definitely considered more atas in India - like families will go to McDonald's for a meal like they might do at dtf here or something.
The direction of the attacker is from has cars and civilians, in the updated POE, not allowed to give warning shot as it may cause further fatalities. Especially when shooting blindly into the air or away from the target. And also if the target doesn't give you time to give warning shot and charges at you, you shoot to disable. Looks like they did it exactly by the book.
The elitist schools only exist for people who has money not the capacity to being smart. A lot of people can succeed going a mediocre school.
The En Bloc sale failed last year brother - barely got 25% support. Mall isn't going anywhere for a while.
The entire purpose of retaining the law is to appease the conservative voters. Getting rid of this law would make the government very unpopular. Do you think these conservative will vote against People's Action Party in GE if government abolish it? Will they vote WP as a result?
The F is wrong with these people. what the fuck they expect a small restaurant owner in Singapore to do about an invasion?
The fact is that by continuously dragging out this issue our society has basically become fixated with it to the point where we will never stop talking about it. And one of the things globally associated with Singapore now is how anti-LGBT it is. It's not going to go away, it's just going to fester. Until the day Singapore becomes a hermit kingdom and cuts itself off from the developed world, this issue isn't going away and it's become a national obsession by this point. We didn't move things along. We made it toxic.
The fact that Ministry of Education released a separate joint statement with IMH goes to show how inert the people and government authorities are towards the LGBTQ+ community. I personally believe that anything that has to do with sexuality should not be liaised with the IMH. There is little to no medical evidence that indicate that it's a mental illness. The LGBTQ+ community should be supported separately by a unique institute, not mash them with people perceived to have mental illness.
The fact that people would vote based on LGBT laws rather than other more urgent and pressing issues is something that should trouble every reasonable Singaporean. It's not a sign of a healthy society
The fact that she can go toe to toe with world no.3 is amazing. Not trying to take anything away from her, but I've always wondered if the pandemic might have sort of helped us because the majority of the world's athletes weren't able to train properly as they went through lockdowns. Then again, the same argument could be made for us as well, since we also went through multiple uncertainties even after cheebye ended
The fact that the government can't and won't even govern their people's actions properly speaks volumes about the former's competency or incompetency
The fact that the victim and perpetrator do not know each other is more scary. At first I felt it could be related to bullying and retaliation or some internal beef among different groups of student. This is very difficult to explain. rest in peace to the victim.
The fact that this dude broke down in parliament and cried like a little bitch shows you his inability to handle extremely stressful situations. That's not the kind of PM I want. Nobody wants a weak man that cries at the first sign of trouble. Put on your game face and make it look like you have the answers you fucking dope.
The fact that this is the only thoughtful post that argues for the case of having kids is. equal parts telling and startling to be honest. Good points, and I'm glad there's some representation of views that are more common among the average Joe than what you'd be led to believe.
The fact they're going on with ndp is a slap in the face to all the restaurant owners. You can't have 2 people groups dining in but they can have how many thousands at a parade
The fan is turned off because she doesn't deserve cool climate until she gets her grades up!
The first change happened within a few hours giving Pritam Singh an office as leader of the opposition.
The first soldiers to step into Ukraine were conscripts sent to the border and told they were 'on training'.
The first thing the salesperson did was read the message on my shirt. I was going to return my NS uniform at Chevron, so was carrying a big plastic with the word emart as I walked to the bus stop. This guy Hello you returned from emart shopping? Me in my mind No I'm going to emart, but it's none of your business and I won't even justify a vocal reply. so I just do a small shake my hand to signify nope not interested to stop for you and continued walking, my bus almost immediately pulled into the bus stop and I boarded it like a boss, without slowing down my pace. I will not stop for any sales person or evangelist, because I do not want to buy or subscribe to anything a random person is attempting to force down my throat. Neither do I want to give my personal detail like phone number and email which opens up opportunity for further harassment and identity theft via a leak , or even worse credit card detail. In this day and age, even handing your phone to a third party to make an emergency call is a risk of phone theft or other digital theft. So I made this mistake once before but never again. Learn to say no and be firm about it. It's the simplest way to avoid being forced to make an on-the-spot decision without doing sufficient research if that's what one really wants. I give you a practice test now reply yes below to continue.
The Four horsemen of whataboutism 1 Hello I am a very progressive Chinese person. There's no racism in Singapore. You have encountered a 0.1% of the bigot population so don't judge the rest. 2 What about the fact that anti Chinese hatred instance ? The Chinese have suffered a lot so it's okay to be racist 3 I'm an Indian and Indians are racist too. So it's right for you to suffer. 4 Hi I'm white I like Indians because they are a peaceful and high earning. I won't entertain other Indians in my neighborhood tho. Just the rich and servile ones. Also they mustn't take my job up.
the four P's of marketing - price - product - place - promotion everyone gets hung up on the last P. they forget marketing also has three more P's.
The fuck are you talking about. You're saying you're not racist because you had briyani? You just pointed out that it would be completely understandable for people to be angry at Indians if we carry on allowing flights to Singapore. The purpose of the flights could very well be to transport Singaporeans working there Indians, Malays, Chinese . Your inability to grasp that it is wrong to blame a whole race for such an action is appalling. I was pointing out that if you wanted to blame Indians for such a thing, then you might as well blame Chinese people for the virus like what the Americans are doing. Grow up mate.
The funny thing is, becoming less Islamic is really not a bad thing . B4 Muslim bashing accusation, I say the same for all religion.
The funny thing is, yes life may suck if annexed by another nation. But it's the leadership that they want to replace, not the citizenry. Is it worth throwing away your life for, not a country, but a regime?
The G is now terrorised by covid, total incapable of making rational decisions, and instead are being ruled by their terrified constituents. covid is mutating from a physical disease into a mental disease.
The G would love that though. Nothing like some good old Western Liberal Values to use as a common enemy to galvanise the conservative and moderate segments of the local population together to root for Asian Values ie. People's Action Party.
The gap in what he said and the reality is technically a lie. But since it's not under oath, it's aaaall okay. No need of asking to substantiate, pofma, and don't bother with investigations.
The general consensus is that we're not, hence the poor attrition rate every year. With the average 90-100hour work week including 30 hour shifts , the junior doctor's hourly rate is on average $15 or hr
The general population are patient. The general population are understanding. Granted, people take out the anger on the wrong person. The anger is towards those clowns sitting on the MMTF, but the grunts gets the burn yep. Absolutely agreed. But again. On my last shift, my hair bun was grabbed and pulled on so hard by an angry patient, it needed 3 colleagues to help detach his grip. May I ask why? Since you had been a victim of this attack, but the story is only told halfway. Was the patient mentally unstable? Gotta remember mental health focus in Singapore is dead in the water. Again, no way am I dissing your world. but the painting should be showing the powers that be MOH, senior management, policy writers etc
The general sentiment in Europe and US right now is very anti chinese so of course people here will be pissed. If you are asking for a more historical pov then you are right. When the British bailed on us and Japan took over people suffered a lot so that added up to resentment. Moreover the Japanese treated the white prisoners badly made them sweep floor etc which was an uncommon sight because the whites were previously the supreme overlords who people looked up to. It destroyed this concept that the whites were some kind of godly people who are better than Asians which was one of the reasons why when World War Two ended and the British came back Singaporeans wanted independence other reasons was because now they started seeing themselves as Singaporeans and not as Chinese or Indians or Peranakans or etc who are in Singapore for work + other colonies like India and later Malaysia got independence so they want too those are just general trends i have observed + taught in school for history and they aren't the only factors because everyone who is resentful towards white people have their own reasons and of course there are people who aren't resentful
The genre is not my cup of tea but I will give it a shot when I get home today. It looks fun. Good luck and god speed!
The Gift of Fear is a great book for people to read to learn about fick politeness
The good ones don't get attention because good people are, thankfully, pretty damn widespread and therefore unremarkable. Chin up, there's still hope in the world edit but ya, some people damn fucked up
The good work done over the past 50 years is a different generation of leaders. Let's not credit the current buffoons with having anything to do with the achievements of past People's Action Party. It's like trying to credit the current Republican party with how progressive they were to fight for slaves to be free when it was the party of Lincoln.
The Government also urged commercial landlords to help their f&b tenants tide over this period. Read more at I just hope there's teeth behind this
The government at the start been saying to protect the healthcare and not to overwhelm the system. They have not flipflopped on that. Now the issue is the cumulation of spike of omnicron cases that have mild or asymptomatic but people are still heading to the hospital a&e to get mc or medical attention. How is that not going to overload the system. Next you have a system that has a base of a large proportion of foreign healthcare workers who have been stuck in Singapore since this fiasco started, and now border restrictions are being released. If the hospital or healthcare providers are still imposing a strict leave policy, no shit sherlock, would they not just throw their letter and leave? Locals and the remaining foreign healthcare workers will need to pick up the slack, hence now the manpower issues. And why do they leave? Obviously work culture and all, but also abuse by the public, the very same people that the healthcare workers have signed up to help. I wont be surprised that the abuse they face is getting way worse compared to precovid. Plus previously, healthcare is an area that alot of parents would not want their children to go into, and thus the low intake. So it's not only the government that need to change their way of the management of manpower in the healthcare sector, but also it needs the attitude and cultural change from all of us Singaporeans to know that it is a thankless essential job which is often taken for granted. We Singaporeans need to open our eyes to see that we are very fortunate to be quite sheltered from most of hit from pandemic, and having a relatively stable healthcare system holding out thus far. But reinforcement is sorely needed for our brave but burnt out healthcare frontliners and revamp to the system is needed once this pandemic is over.
The government can't since there are people who can't get vaccinated because their health conditions make them severely allergic to the vaccine. Unless the government make special exceptions for them, they can make it mandatory.
The government does provide daily updates on the severity of illness for confirmed cases. You may want to check out the MOH website As of 19th july, 289 cases are currently warded in hospital. Most are well and under observation. There are currently 5 cases of serious illness requiring oxygen supplementation, and 1 in critical condition in the intensive care unit intensive care unit . None amongst these 6 cases is fully vaccinated.
The government has been like this for years, we all know that so this is no surprise, but the thing is, this being handed out to thousands of young minors, and it could make them feel unacceptable, unwanted, not good enough and could develop issues throughout the years like anxiety,gender dysphoria, and they could start being embarrassed of their family type. These type of messages will affect children more as they absorb mote information and are more malleable, which could lead to mental issues and more. But the thing is, it is okay to not be straight. It is ok to not be part of the perfect nuclear family . You arent any worse than anyone else out there but forms like this can seem forceful and conflicted and they might have no one out there to reassure them and it could snowball, since they are also saying that it's unhealthy if they arent straight or in a perfect family type.
The government holds on to outdated ideologies. It's the people, us, that hold such toxic behaviors too. Officially, work hours are 9-6, but 90% of us would regularly push past that boundary to wayang.
The government inaction is because of how many powerful people are Christian fundamentalists. Source I grew up in some of the more exclusive Christian spaces. Think the stereotypical ACS alumni, GCB dwellers, well-known names. The powers that be can't afford to go against them. In fact a lot of the time the powers that be ARE them.
The government is hesitant on banning flights from India for pragmatic reasons that mostly benefit the elite. 1. They have investments in India. 2. Companies here rely on cheap Indian labour. Everything else like racism or xenophobia is just a smoke screen.
The government is listening to the straits times commentators who are scared of their own shadows
The government needs to get on and vaccinate everybody, immediately, no more effing around. The vaccination program is the only way out and currently it's a joke. The UK has already vaccinated over 30 million people and we can't vaccinate 6 million? Embarrassing and inexcusable.
The government needs to speed up vaccinations now by giving young people their first doses now and defer their second dose like what Canada and UK does. Canada accelerated vaccinations and has seen cases begin to drop.
The government rather throw the money into SPH Media Trust than to help the healthcare workers sigh.
The government really fumbled the bag man. We handed them their 'mandate' and it seems like they took that mandate and wiped their asses with it. From the uncoordinated launch of TT, the various TT scandals to the reactive border control. The way that the government have been carrying themselves could be summarised as arrogant and you can literally smell the contempt that they have for the average Singaporean. I do see the good work that they have done over the last 50 years to bring Singapore to where we are now but this current iteration is simply unlikable and possibly incompetent. And this is without mentioning their dozen other controversies and mistakes since they were handed their 'mandate' via a hastily called election during the height of the pandemic . Funnily enough that 'mandate' led us right back into a Not cheebye cheebye. Hopefully Singaporeans have a better memory this time around and not fall for election time theatrics the next election.
The government seems more excited about building Airport terminals and selling plot of land to developers for private property development than anything else.
The government seriously needs to come up with a more concrete plan to move forward with vaccination rates. in my opinion they're essentially trying to hold the fort with this P2HA, to reduce exposure while building up vaccination numbers. Most of the 12-39 range should be getting their second doses done within the next few weeks.
The government still hasn't budged on gay or lesbian rights, and has barely acknowledged the existence of trans people. It's frankly appalling how adamant they are in stifling equality. The arguments they give about proper family structures or appeasing the religious bodies is also pathetic and disrespectful. They're arguing for less rights for a portion of the population. They should feel ashamed, but I don't know if they know that that is.
The government weaponises SM to make things like that become part of the national psyche though. They censor anything that they won't allow to propagate, but let discourse like that flourish.
The graph not mine shows death only. So thats why my comment is about death only. There are other graphs if you check. They're not as drama but still also quite low. Suggest you have a look.
The graphs are proportional no? If there is no diff to vaxx and unvaxx, proportion of cases in 80+ in vaxx would be 20% instead of 3%
The group of people behind the 2 people also sort of help by supporting and holding them or else they might fall into the drain
the guy is puny though, looks like a skinny 50kg kind of guy no way he'll be able to break up the fight
The guy who plays no.2 is one of the best. If you told me that he wasn't an actor and an actual encik I would believe you. He has that garang attitude, especially in those scenes when he played the role of a sergeant during the early days of NS when they were allowed to get physical with you and hurl hokkien vulgarities without parental complaints
The Halabja massacre Kurdish K myabarana Helebce , also known as the Halabja chemical attack, was a massacre of Kurdish people that took place on 16 March 1988 , during the closing days of the Iran Iraq War in the Kurdish city of Halabja in Iraqi Kurdistan. In context.
The head does not rotate in such angles, although I do acknowledge that extreme head rotations are an acceptable standard in this style of drawing. For me the dynamics of this piece feel disjointed - the street and buildings have dynamic angles, and the bottom half of the girl has a juxtaposed dynamic running straight into the centerpoint of the piece , but her upper body part is rotated and looks dynamic, producing a clashing vector. The hair and the bag fly to the right, but the skirt hangs heavily. The general aesthetic is clean and fresh, so good job.
the head looks sorta disjointed from the body were you planning another head pose at the start? love the colors and background tho, looks like a painting or photograph.
The headline is only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to restrictions - it's actually a lot more comprehensive than these two measures - no dining in by extension, no wedding banquets - gatherings capped at 2pax - 2 distinct visitors per household per day - WFH as default - no indoor exercise classes, individual and group indoor sports and exercise activities - no facials, saunas, singing, musical instruments - events scaled down to 50 w or o pre-event testing, 100 with pre-event testing, including congregational, worship activities and MICE - operating capacity of attractions down to 25%, museums and libraries 20% If it looks like a circuit breaker, quacks like a circuit breaker, then.
The high school equivalent in Singapore is secondary school age 13-16 . My secondary school has morning assembly at 7 30. If you are not past the school gates by 7 25, you're late. Our lessons then stretch from 8 00 to 16 00 or 17 00 it's been a while, I can't really remember now with a 45 minutes recess in between.
The HOGC Heart of God Church whistleblowing about their forceful practices and accounting inconsistencies right here on this subreddit. Damn, they did dirty by getting their own as a sketchy Russian guy to claim copyright over the post and then said redditor to pose as the original poster and force admins to delete based on DMCA. Fucking cult.
The house owner can choose whoever they want, but shouldn't be allowed to advertise in a discriminatory way. Everybody in the rental market should at least have the opportunity to view or offer on the place. You never know, the owner's prejudice might be dispelled by meeting the right potential tenant. or it might not. But, if the door is closed at the point of advertising, there's no even a chance for them to change their mind.
The IB or M&A bankers are the ones i see working nonsensical hours. I'm buy side and when we have deals running, we call the advisors at 1am and they pick up the phone. DCM can also get pretty nutty if bookbuilding crosses timezones.
The idea is to disable the threat not to kill people willy nilly. Sometimes the only thing that will stop someone is a bullet.especially if they are a person in a drug induced rage.
The idea that people can encourage a sexuality is risible and stupid and is precisely why people need to live in 2022 and not 1800. I can tell you that not a single gay teenager will go through this programme and think, oh wow I will now marry someone of the opposite sex
The incident was caused by the madman, no arguments there but the trigger point was due to counter protesters who shouldn't be there clashing with the alt right group. The police had issue a separate permit for the counter protesters to protest in another location but they decided to do it in front of the alt right protest which led to the clashes and ultimately tragedy. There are reasons why even in the US, such restrictions exist but it seems clueless people only think permits for protest only exist in Singapore
the incumbent People's Action Party has been in power since the inception of Singapore. They have done an admirable job, by and large, but as with any place, it's not all peachy. the opposition is largely nascent, due to this stranglehold. out of the opposition, the WP who Jamus represented at this discussion , has the manifesto, and candidates with very strong potential for governance if they came to power. With that said, Jamus is approaching this realistically. everyone else is talking about what-if's if they win the election. the WP's angle is that the People's Action Party is going to continue to stay in power for now so the real work is in encouraging people to think big picture, and vote to not continue the supermajority and allow Singaporeans to have representation that can prevent unilateral passing of any measures without it being debated and or or contested. so yeah, the faint whispers of a real democracy, but time will tell if 2020 is the year it takes root
The individual wouldn't have the requisite notice. It would have to come before commission of the act charged.
The innocence and simplicity of these people makes them appreciate every small thing out there. I can't find the right word to describe this, but i think this video is very touching.
The iPad falling seems inevitable considering he's holding it with one hand, and im surprised he isn't using earphones.
The irony in our context is that Singapore is much more aggressive than Malaysia. I've always wondered how the Malaysians felt that we are spending such a huge amount of money and effort for the not-so-secret purpose of invading them. All things considered, they seem really chill with it.
The irony that the joke is on the people who got vaccinated. I can almost hear the uncles who avoided vaccination say See , get vaccine for what
The issue is that most countries have land that they can sacrifice, burn, give away. How could Singapore do such thing? All the land here is not only scarce, but filled with material wealth and expensive infrastructure. The damage an artillery shell can do landing in a random ucranian plain is very different to the damage it could do in some industrial hub in Singapore. I understand that the point of Singaporean defense is deterrence, but the unique land limitations in terms of land for this country make it very difficult to survive an invasion. Notice that the same level of development of Singaporean infrastructure means that this country needs to maintain that level of wealth to survive as Singaporeans know it. Finally, the civil response of Ukraine is expected to be very different from the Singaporean. Yes, NS is a thing, but Singaporeans are pampered first world citizens used to live in one of the safest cities in the world, most have never even heard gunshots in the streets they live. Meanwhile, Ukrainian history is filled with violence.
The issue is that these studies have a tonne of funding so there is a tonne of research being pumped out that links covid to anything. Dementia, lung function, psychological disorders ? . If you read the papers, they are either weak associations, correlations, or barely significant, and often not compared with other diseases. If you look for something, you will find it. Common problem in academia
The joke is none of them have any links to china. The boomers are post war babies. Born and bred in Singapore. They dream of hav8ng a big country like China
The karaoke lounge cluster is under control. The escalation is from the Jurong Fishery Port. The virus likely came in through the port. The wet market cluster is still growing.
The key is to list down the topics of what you wanna cover, and sticking to it religiously. The tiny breaks in between also helps to keep your mind relaxed, but there's some self-discipline required to pull that off sucessfully eg no wandering off for gaming or netflix .
The key thing to translate, 'What we're trying to deny the People's Action Party is a blank cheque.'
The knee to the head, easy permanent brain damage. The guy's going to be eating jail food for a long time or not? with our justice system .
The lack of mental healthcare, the stress of coping with exams, while also going through puperty. No wonder sucide rate is the highest for Singaporeans aged 10-20.
the lack of transparency at key decisions is frankly insulting to Singapore's citizens. it feels more and more like there is a story underneath what is being mentioned and the political motive you mention feels like a plausible theory. the implicit idea we have been sold is that if we vote for one party and ensure political stability they make the best decisions for us. at this point, if they are already having to make decisions to win votes 4 years from the next ge, then the underlying idea does not hold anymore.
The last last part Would you like to serve NS, or would you like to serve NS?
The last official estimate was around 80 individuals it's likely a little higher, since there are some families and lone otters that are very elusive or living in inaccessible areas that have not been counted, and depending on the number of pups that survive. But it's getting tiring to read all the people griping about a species that has such a small population islandwide, and one that has wide public appeal. If people can't stand otters, how can we advocate for other less charismatic wildlife?
The last public tv content I enjoy other than the stuff CNA produces was the tv radio drama featuring 933 DJs that was aired last CNY. Other than that I've no clue what other shows there are that's worth watching.
The last time I remember raising the subject of humanity being an interstellar species, I was met with 'ape merepek kau?', which roughly means 'what nonsense you?'. Some Muslims really don't like to entertain ideas that don't fit easily with what little they know about their religion.
The last time I was there towards the end of last year , i recall they had the Ukrainian flag hung up along the wall, which they probably wouldn't do if they didn't think it was a country of its own. Also, they specified in their menu that their Borshcht was Ukrainian rather than Russian, which is what many might have otherwise believed to be the case . Edited for spelling and grammar
the last time they used taser gun for someone who refused arrested and attacked the police officers without any weapon. and they have to do it twice but the person still barely fall. this time round the person got a knife and seems very determined to the point he took cab to stop right in front of a freaking police station. so I guess it's pretty logical choice in this case
The last time this came up, people were victim blaming Singaporeans for being addicted to Netflix and Facebook as the reason for lacking sleep.
The last time truth seekers went online, they birthed a new generation of flat earthers and anti-vaccinators.
the last update was in jan where they say he will be held in boys home while the police investigate. hmm then no update.
The late timing of it was to show neutrality towards China or US or something, I recall Lee Kuan Yew talking about it in a book We did not want to be seen as favoring China because of our population that consist majority of Chinese ethnic.
The latest tightening is aimed at buying time to reach the target of having two-thirds of the population be fully vaccinated by National Day, said Health Minister Ong Ye Kung during Tuesday's virtual press conference. When that is achieved, Singapore will have the confidence that it can stay safe while staying open despite a daily load of 100 to 200 new cases, he said. This give you the hint that it is all politically motivated. In 2 weeks 200 cases per day will be all good and OK . Now, 160 or 170 cases today is really bad. What a silly euphemism, they must be thinking people are slow.
The latter is apparently a foreigner, so no surprise he has the incentive to defend People's Action Party.
the law isn't real it's made up by people and if the law is unjust then fuck the law
the layout of tuas link is quite different than the normal stations, it looks nice, go take a look
The leadership shapes the country. How do you miss that crucial fact? Who do you think they will replace the leadership with?
The libertarian in me says idgaf what somebody wants to do to their body provided it doesn't affect anybody else. The problem is with forcing the world to accept mental illness as something that it isn't out of supposed compassion. Further, I'm pretty confident that the vast majority of trans people don't want all this attention they just want to be left alone. It's the stupid trans activists that polarize by calling anybody who disagrees transphobic.
The logical thing to do here is actually remove all barriers at entrances and have random spot checks with the penalty of heavy fines or jail time if you enter somewhere that you should not do. Otherwise you're massively increasing compliance costs and causing huge crowding while trying to filter out a comparatively tiny number of unvaccinated individuals. That would also help on the psychological warfare front. If battling covid is, as the government says, like a war, then visible barriers to normal life that everyone has to encounter on a daily or near daily basis are free propaganda for the enemy. Why?
The main point is that healthcare workers are struggling. Do you disagree? They prop up the healthcare system and being overworked to this extent is not sustainable. Their workload was barely sustainable even before the pandemic. Given the ramifications if the healthcare system were indeed to collapse, I'd say that their struggles are a cause for concern. I'm not a healthcare worker. I'm not advocating for tighter measures. There is no band-aid for this problem right now, it's a skilled job and it's not like people can be trained overnight to relieve them. So just, have some empathy, man.
The main reasoning as far as I can tell is staggering public transport usage and letting parents drop off their kids before going to work. Still not a great reason to make 8 year olds wake up at 6 and get to school by 7 20 that's what it was in my primary schools
The majority of Singaporeans think adultery is wrong. But do they want it to be criminalised? Do you see people asking for the government to make it illegal to commit adultery? Its not a good analogy On the other hand there are actual people who support 377a. More than half the population even.
The Malay-Muslim culture is pretty much the end result of that combination if you ask me.
the malaysian subreddit seems to support ukraine. Though people on the subreddit tend to be much more liberal
The man he outed, Vincent Wijeysingha, was the son of former RI Headmaster Eugene Wijeysingha. The plot thickens.
The man is not made for pressure. I understand having a cathartic breakdown at the end of a hard fought battle, but crying in Parliament in the middle of a pandemic is not assuring to say the least. Keep your shit together and save your tears for when we're over this pandemic. This is why he will never come out to make a statement about lgbt issues - because put simply, he's a pussy ass bitch.
The management who create the policies are usually not the ones doing the work. In both private or public sector.
the map display used here is so much better than the dogshit full lcd screens used in the newer trains. you can see clearly at a glance where you are and where the train is going, whereas the lcd screen displays so little info.
The mcdonalds at Queensway SC is the best of the best for me in Singapore. Rarely got crowd unless holiday period or lunch time can get packed sometimes
the mental image of me yeeting my parents into the vaccination centre cracked me up
The middle finger was what everyone was waiting for. Forget about the rest of the show.
The ministry added that epidemiological investigations have identified food and beverage settings such as hawker centres, retail establishments, and shopping centres as settings frequently visited by a significant proportion of covid positive cases, including those who are unvaccinated, and who later fell very sick. government did back it up. Public transport has way more surface touchpoints than malls. Indubitably higher exposure in public transport. You can probably get Paul Tambyah to argue for your case. See if anyone suggests banning of public transport for unvaccinated.
the ministry of religious affairs in Brunei has risen to be come considered 1 of 3 key ministries . Theyve been instituting all sorts of religious laws and doctrine into society. Theres also a good amount of non-halal or halal meat that fail to meet their certification , burned from Malaysia , like tons every year. All can be googled for more info.
The moment the WFH mandate was over last week, I was told to come back every day. I'm 100% certain that they aren't going to revert that.
The moment you realise Lee Hsien Loong might just step down after 2 years. Man is getting old. He has served the country. While we may disagree on what he has done, he deserves some rest. Who's gonna get the amk seat?
The money issue is easily solvable by requiring security deposits and expecting your tenants to restore the property to original condition. Both are standard terms in tenancy contracts.
The money wil help draw more people in. And more people means shared workload. Naturally they will be less strained
The more damning part was she said she saw Gomez submit the form and it being accepted.
The more I read about proper military training online the more I realised how undertrained national serviceman are. In basic military training, a US Army soldier fires 600 rounds on their personal weapon over 16 days. Throughout the whole NS, a combat fit fulltime national serviceman has 2 to 4 live firings with 32 bullets each. So in a 16 day basic rifle training , a US Army solider fires more than six to eight times more bullets than an fulltime national serviceman does in two years. I wouldn't be surprised if a US Army infantryman who was just a recruit is a better soldier than an fulltime national serviceman corporal about to operationally ready date. The difference in training is just huge.
The name we use middelbare school is something like middle school, but that's not a very good translation. It's 4-6 years starting from age 13 12, depending on your intended tertiary education level. We actually had only a 20-minute recess with 2 more 15-minute breaks. There was no lunch served just a canteen with some snacks, no real food and the typical lunch consists of stale sandwiches brought from home. With those hours and still more time needed for homework and revision for tests I'm not surprised you got tired! I wonder what you actually do after assembly, just twiddle your thumbs for half an hour? Seems like a waste of time.
The need for talent is something that feeds into a successful economy. You don't need nice people for that. If you lived in Hong Kong or New York you'd know. Incredibly successful, but the people aren't very nice as a whole. You need nice people for a nice society, but you don't need nice people for a successful one. Not economically or for a high standard of living anyway. Otherwise, our people are generally on par with that of most first world cities. So I'm not sure what the fuss is about
The next part is important too, stable nuclear family units which points towards the government ideal of father-mother-children or woman-man-married-hdb which is why single parents are not talked about in sex-ed nor cohabiting causing those with traditional parents to view these rarer cases as taboo or wrong.
The notorious job stress that you hear is mostly for the white collar jobs. Thankfully I'm not in that. Nature is everything, for me anyways
The nuclear family is generally defined as a family group made up of only a father, mother, and children, which is basically shunning out single parent families, families with step-members and etc.
The nursing course at NITEC is 15 months. Diploma is 3 years. You can fast track them, cut short a semester and let them earn a full salary under provisional license must work at the hospital for at least the length of the semester to graduate instead of forcing a longer internship on these students where they earn jackshit and convincing them to leave after graduation. But i dont get paid millions a year to find a solution. Lets hear it from someone who is and what they've done since our last round of increased restrictions.
The officer did well, he was being charged by a assailant with knife but managed to stop him with one shot without killing the assailant rather than just empty his clip at him like in other countries. Thats a sign that the police knows what they are doing and are trying to limit harm the best that they can.
The old man asked great questions. Even in old age he is inquisitive and curious. I'm glad he is happy to see schools being honoured just as I am happy to see a man of his age not so jaded of the world as to brush off details without asking.
The one I remember is the City Harvest Church scandal since that was the one I heard alot growing up. I'm at that age that I didn't know about the NKF or RenCi scandal.
The one near my house is playing a really slowed down cny song that sounds more like a horror film bgm. Then again, it does seem pretty apt for what this year is looking to be.
The one that comes to mind is shake shack giving out free fries for people who are vaccinated
The one who gave that name must have been a big fan of Kpop.there a member of super junior name henry but he no longer in the group.
The one with coupons that we had to sell? I don't remember ever seeing any results being published.
The ones you will see running are the new citizens who have OIC cards or can use Singapore a stepping stone. OCI you mean? It's disgusting how this allows some people to practically enjoy the benefits of two citizenships, when Singapore prohibits dual citizenship for most other cases.
The only contraindication to the vaccine is allergy to the first dose of the vaccine. In the event of vaccine allergy there are usually alternative vaccines so this group of people probably have to wait for newer versions of vaccine.
The only problem is that among younger groups of people, they may not die but there are long-term covid side effects that are still being studied. Recently saw an article about long covid sufferers experiencing more lethargy and breathlessness even when doing short bouts of exercises. There are also those who suffer from side effects of vaccines. So even though many in those younger age groups are not dying from covid, they may be living on and suffering from other various illnesses linked to it.
The only reason I hated my work was the lack of sleep. I just cannot get my sleeping schedule to conform to the 9 to 5
The only reason I went to the office was because there were 3 screens available to me. I'm otherwise free to WFH when I like. I spend a good 1.5hrs a day commuting to or from work which really cut into time I could be doing other things so going to full remote really helped, in some form. There's always a trade-off. 4 days x 1.5hrs is already 6 hours a week spent on commuting which is just under a full work day by itself.
The only thing I learnt from this video is that the cost of living is high in Singapore and our purchasing power is weak
The only way to get them to do something is to generate enough negative public attention for them, which is what protests can do, either that or suck thumb till the incumbent is voted out
The opposition in general has been very tame and mature this election. The People's Action Party on the other hand. I cannot fathom the thought process behind their attacks. It's as though they mistook the opposition's civility for weakness and saw it as an opening to be vicious in their mudslinging.
The outdoor thing doesn't make sense , since it's been shown better to socialize outdoors than indoors
The parent who said to the child that they need to wait because she is not smart . Seriously, I would have looked at the parent and said I'm studying in XXX JC and I'm the top of my cohort. Just to see that face change.
The parents though. They probably saw the kid off to school on supposedly a normal day. Hours later their son is dead.
The Penal Code has classified certain extreme forms of hurt as grievous hurt . These include Fractures Dislocations Permanent disfigurations of the head or face Loss of sight or hearing Loss of limb Death. Probably didn't check any of those I assume
The people who are medically unable to get the vaccine like myself, tend to be immuno-compromised. All the more you should stay at home! seems to be a reasonable response. But most of us already or were or . The difference between massively reducing going out and being straight-up banned might not seem like a big one to you, but I can guarantee it is a huge difference to someone like me. Before this, my family and I were making grocery runs at 24 hour supermarkets at 11pm. We were already avoiding crowds and limiting our social interaction. Those last shreds of mobility were what prevented full-blown cabin fever. Consider this people like me are not at risk just from covid, but even common cold. Does that mean that the immuno-compromised should never leave their house, ever? It's this stiff paternalistic streak that seems to be running through the public policy right now that's just. Incredibly stifling.
The People's Action Party and even businesses certainly know that more time spent working can cause overall productivity to decrease. I hope you are not naive enough to think that their inaction stems from their lack of understanding. They will continue to squeeze us out of our time anyways because slightly decreased productivity is worth it if it causes us to consume more. Your time has become a commodity, to be substituted by consumption. Think of how much money you spend each month on conveniences that are unnecessary if you had more time out of work. Eating out, packaged meals, taxi fare, childcare. No time to celebrate your kid's birthday? No problem, buy him an expensive gift and order a luxurious cake. No time to prepare a romantic home cooked valentines dinner for your girlfriend? How about a $200 per person dinner at a high end restaurant and a leather purse to make up for it? The more money you spend to make up for the lack of time in your life, the harder you have to work to earn enough. The harder you work, the more you need to spend to compensate for your lack of time. This is a vicious cycle that the capitalists are gleefully prospering from.
The People's Action Party doesn't even do what they preach. With this they have lost what little respect left I have for them.
The person who pressed the button will need time to explain the situation, so the officer on the other end can assess, eg how many people to mobilize. Calling once you spot an emergency gives the staff more time to mobilize necessary people too.
The person who spread the WhatsApp picture floating around didn't even bother to censor the names of the students. what the fuck?
The person with the highest power to make any decision. Oh if you want to blame the current PM for it, that's fine. I've just seen people blaming Ong Ye Kung for current healthcare manpower shortages, which is fucking mental. The dude can't conjure up more physicians.
The phone number is included in the pic. Wouldn't hurt to call it and find out
The point I make is that just because it's a rat race elsewhere, doesn't mean it has to going forward into the future. It's good to encourage such discussion. And I'd say there's plenty of unhealthy cultural practices and norms around work unique to Singapore and other Asian countries that ought to change, such as long, unpaid and unproductive working hours, lack of minimum wage, little or no union protections, etc. that only worsen the rat race.
The point is Singapore Skyline . I'm not the only one bored to death seeing the CBD sykline
The point is that you care, and your kids are likely to care too. Sure this world sucks, it has sucked allot worse before and it could suck more in the future. You're going the opposite way, populate the world with people who give a shit and maybe we can make it work.
The point was that they were supposed to be confident in the tracking process fully acknowledging that there would be cases from time to time when they announced phase 3. Certainly there are some economic benefits to facilitating some travel but i think it's pretty clear that the level of acceptable risk slipped too high, especially recently. But even then, to shit the bed at the first real outbreak. What was the point of trying to maintain the balance to only revert at the first sign of trouble? Terrible
The police didn't shut them down completely actually. They gave them an offer to go to another location but the protestors refused. To take it out of context alittle, imagine if you owned a company and some people came over to protest for something. If you call the police and the protestors refused to move, what do you think is going to happen?
the poor kid who discovered the body though if it was a kid that found it . probably traumatized for life especially if it was a friend or if they discover they knew the murderer on a close basis
The power of the cane works wonders. Or slipper or belt, depending on which day you studied
The problem is that when they say it's weird, they will sound and look very condescending even if they didnt mean to. And if the majority say the same thing to the same person, of course its gonna pile up. Intentions don't matter if you don't take responsibility to clear things up. Like you can just argue that oh you didnt mean to without apologizing in retrospect but arguing in good faith wouldn't be fair or make sense when the damage has been done because the incident in the first place was caused in bad faith. With the topic being about cultural differences, of course the perpetrator would be labeled a racist because when he mentions that it's weird and being condescending, it can be inferred that he does not like that thing and does not respect it. Regardless of his true intentions, it would seem that way in real life and its up to him to clear it up properly because we can't read people's minds and can only judge by what happened in real life.
The problem is you think its just a little longer. It is obvious right now that this government has zero risk appetite, and nothing will ever be good enough for them. After all vaccinated and if they even ditch those who chose not to vaccinate, the government will point towards the kids and those who cannot be vaccinated. And then point towards the need for a booster. And then point to the need of opening borders before restoring civil liberties because Singapore's survival depends on it. The government has no concept of accounting for the mental wellbeing or opportunity costs or any other intangible negative impacts these lockdowns have. And that it impacts the younger generation disproportionately while they are the least at risk is just irony at its best.
The problem isn't the government, its the people. Look at the only 'credible' opposition. Their minority candidate is explicitly against homosexuality and is part of an anti-gay organisation.
the producers came out to say the couples aren't scripted. which i can believe, since when you get someone old and rich from a first world country trying to marry someone young and poor from a third world country it's bound to be a cool story or shitshow maybe Singapore would have a reality show like this someday
the propaganda arguement would be oh its for their own good, so they are less exposed and can work normally. realistically, half the arguement is that it is easier to maintain the status quo while the other half is that the government panders to their employers, so restricting their freedoms is the easy way out
The psychological counselling, the IO statement taking, the investigation, the boredom of doing deskbound, the bar from arms and the AARs will kill him as well
The queue is way faster in Macdonalds. i have to wait 30 mins for some dude to finish his curl press on a bench press.
the queues at even our GP clinics are soo long. my mother has to visit the GP for non covid reasons and she can't get an appointment for treatment two weeks. our healthcare system is struggling and many other countries ones have collapsed under the immense pressure. it is expected we struggle but I hope we also practice some level of support and patience as well. I've seen people yell at clinic staff for 'missing their turns' whilst they go and eat. it's horrible and I hope we can behave better
The real complain is because the government has repeatedly failed to scale the healthcare system to attend these waves of covid You can't scale without manpower. How do you propose you get manpower in 2 years when it takes 10 years to train a physician?
The real issue is that the restrictions don't seem to be doing anything or are implemented in a way where they effectively can't work. A related problem is that the government messaging regarding the initial severity of covid is leading to hospitals getting a lot of otherwise fine patients still worried about covid based on a past pre-omicron pre-vaccine understanding of the virus. In fact loosening restrictions on international travel and liberalizing immigration to let healthcare workers bring in their families might have even improved the situation by reducing the loss of foreign staff and improving the morale among existing staff. Functionaly we are facing similar caseloads to jurdisictions like NSW,Portugla and denmark with similar vaccination rates but far less restrictions yet are ourselves more restricted for very little benefit.
the realities of this conventional war is a stark reminder of how much the strategies and tactics puffed up by warrant officers and their ilk today is complete nonsense board gaming
The really off-putting thing about CDG for me was when cab drivers won't take you to your destination if its not on the way to where they are going. Eg driver refusing to take passengers to Tampines because he is headed to Jurong. They did this when they had a monopoly and the entrance of Uber and Grab really taught them a lesson.
The reason conscription still exists in Singapore is to deter a Ukraine-like foreign invasion here. This threat may not be as realistic today, but such messaging has been consistent across 5 decades and 3 prime ministers. All the propaganda we get in school and BMT is centered around the idea of protecting national sovereignty and self-determination. If our government doesn't condemn such acts of aggression abroad, it undermines the very foundation National Service is built upon and sustained by.
The recommended temperature for sleeping is 18 because, though a temperature which doesn't make you sweat is good enough.
The recorder provided the umbrella and usb cable, and tied the umbrella to the stick. What did you provide?
The rectum guy will argue because got financial component like casinos. So I suppose the solution is we need gay Integrated Resorts! Win-win!
The relationships themselves have extremely high rates of abuse As do straight relationships. and the women involved in them have significantly higher rates of drug addiction, depression, and suicide That's the case for the LGBTQ community in general though, whether or not they are in a relationship, and drops off sharply in more supportive environments. Healthy relationships generally improve mental health across the board, and gays and lesbians in straight relationships are even more miserable.
The religious side is going to argue with 'no freedom of religious expression' if they were going to accommodate LGBT individuals. The reason why religion indoctrinate their followers. Religious fanatics.
The response should be at workplace boss is paying my salary, so i listen to him. In school my parents are paying your salary, so you listen to what my parents say.
The restaurants aren't closing by order as takeout is still an option. intensive care unit rates are a lagging indicator, obviously it's wait and see isn't it. It's a stressful season for many but stay rational. Our G has been doing a decent job, just look across the causeway, that could have been us.
The results of climate change cannot be understated. I feel like most people avoid the topic because it makes them uncomfortable, but the world in 2030-2050 will look very different than the one we were used to pre- covid. All our lives will probably become a lot more miserable as well, but we were already born, so it's not like we have the say in the matter. You could however spare you possible child the burdens of having to live in world with extreme weather, frequent natural disasters + drought and famine. Plus, most of singapore ganna bye bye liao
the results of this election has truly warmed the cockles of my heart. i will now go to happily go to sleep knowing that WP has gotten 10 seats in parliament and that the ruling party only garnered 61.24% of the vote share
The retention of Section 377A served to accommodate the views of the more conservative segments of society What happens to doing what is right rather than what is popular?
The rich do not have to proof to others or themselves they are rich or better while the middle high and lower middle class or those classes at the boundaries needs to proof to themselves and others. in my opinion them overcompensating is the explanation for their terrible behavior.
The rich looks down on the poor. The elite looks down on the plebeian. The strong looks down on the weak. This has been a fact since time immemorial. What the 99% needs to do is to band together, capture the assets of the rich bourgeois elite and then divide it up for everyone to enjoy, in a communal way.
the rich won't let saf enter later they complain their resort paradise value drop when the aggressor start dropping artillery on their precious property.
The right thing to do. We should not repeat past mistakes like shipping chemical precursors that ultimately contribute to massacre
The rise of cases ain't but the rise of serious conditions and rise of intensive care unit occupancy IS. 2 or 3 of the intensive care unit beds are because of them . Ideal world is vaccinated can do wtv, unvaccinated are restricted because they have a more chance to end up in serious conditions. But hey, this gvt is ridiculously Conservative in opening up, I'll take what I get.
The Russian delegate is rambling on with the expected Russian rhetoric right now in the UN emergency session. How can one be so full of shit? . . , .
the Russian invasion of Ukraine has really shown that western 'democracies' and even many western people are so hypocritical when it comes to international law and war crimes.
The Russian people do not want this war spare a though for this poor man and his wife, they probably have relatives from both sides. They probably know someone's who's son or brother or father is being forced to fight It is a great gesture that 10% of their delivery proceeds will be going to Ukraine. In fact, it's pretty brave of them to do it as Russian citizens considering the repercussions if they ever head home. I for one will be supporting them - people like you and I who just want to make a honest living
The Russian people just lost their access to the world. Their savings are worthless, their sons sent to a war no one wanted. Blame the insane overlord dictator, not the common folk.
The sad thing is the bullies will get away scot-free and the bullied who over reacted will be forever condemned.
The sad thing is there's no one among the 4G leadership that I have any confidence in. The only guy I trust is Tharman but then he's not 4G so. Yeah we are fucked. This whole clusterfuck has made me look seriously into migrating.
The SAF absolutely conducts more live fire excercise than Malaysia, and we know this because such excercises are announced. Ammo and spare parts are not cheap, so the budget difference means the SAF reservist used his weapons more often because the SAF has the money. Like I said, the Malaysian soldier spends more time in uniform, but due to budget he gets less money to spend on live ammo in training.
The salary has been like this for a very long time honestly. My aunt is a hawker stall owner and she has been employing mostly Malaysians or PRCs for $3.5-4k since 2010 because no Singaporeans are willing to work as hawkers. Technically my aunt is also PRC so I guess really not many young Singaporeans are willing to leave continue the hawker scene
The same way every People's Action Party minister and their offspring went into top schools. Money and connections.
The sanctions were introduced after Crimea's annexation in 2014, Georgia's invasion in 2008, etc. labeling as a villain indeed!
The second one really depends on the geopolitical specificities. I doubt Ukraine could have ever not chosen sides - that choice would've been forced on them regardless of their decision given Putin's personal view on Russian territorial claims, Ukraine's location, and long term Russian concerns. The Ukranians were stuck between a rock and a hard place A Western coaliation keen to encourage Ukraine to join its fold but not offering membership in its organizations and a belligerent Russia which was adamant about its claims to Ukranian territory. Could they have played the two sides off and remained a useful buffer? Maybe, if it was run by a strongman who is not beholden to an electorate increasingly leaning towards European integration. It's too late at this point but making oneself indispensable to the world economy is probably as a good a deterrant as it gets Alongside a strong military . Say, being a major energy supplier.
The security Council has one main purpose. That's to avoid global, nuclear war by giving the largest powers veto rights on resolutions so one can't be dominated by the others. We see that being played out today.
The sex-ed teachers in my school, all of them are married. Which kinda sucks. Why only married teachers are allowed to educate students? There can be science teachers to teach sex-ed as well. And plus, it's soo boring. Lessons about homosexuality is like HOMOSEXUALITY IS BAD and that's it Not much content about it, which me and my friends thought it is unfair, since we should be educated about it as well, no matter if the teacher is homophobic or what.
The SGH case sounds scary. Went to Google more about it. It was the outbreak of Hep because cases in the wards. According to ST, 4 senior officials from MOH and 12 SGH staff were disciplined. Affected 25 patients and 8 died.
The shit will not end until we build community immunity. covid zero will be nice for healthcare workers except it is 1 not a long term solution, 2 not even achievable as demonstrated by HK. That said, it doesn't mean we should lift all restrictions, but we have to allow the wave to continue. It is now stabilizing at around 15-20k with no intervention from the government. That is a good sign. Any tightening now to squelch the wave prematurely, and we are only punting the issue to three months later, when our booster immunities would have waned further and the elderly become vulnerable once again. Rinse and repeat. Wait for a new vaccine perhaps? Don't know about you, but I highly doubt Singaporeans, healthcare workers included, want to play that waiting game again.
The shuba and okroshka were interesting, zharkoe was satisfying and the chebureki was nice too when hot . I went on a Sat but sadly many of the dessert items weren't available, I would have liked to try the syrniki.
The shutter speed of the camera may not have caught the muzzle flash. To catch a flash, the shutter speed has to be in sync with the flash. Before anyone asks, yes, shutter speed is a factor in a video as well, not just a still photo. A brief explanation
The Singapore Pledge? . How old are you? Do you think the People's Action Party believes in the Singapore pledge? Our president election takes race into account FFS
The single digit unvaxxed make up over half of those who are severely ill, which still represents a disproportionate and excessive strain on an already overloaded healthcare system. So his point still stands.
The smart ACSian keeps such talk for kopi with the boys. Not in Parliament. He done mucked up .
The Smooth-coated otter population has held steady over the last few years, at around fewer than 100 individuals throughout the country. Each family occupies a very large territory, and they actively exclude trespassers. There have been many eyewitness accounts of vicious fights between otter families, with individuals becoming seriously injured or even killed outright. Even though the various families are producing pups every year, not all survive, and there are also deaths and disappearances. As for predators, we've seen large Malayan Water Monitors and Estuarine Crocodiles attempting to prey on otters, while an otter was once found in the gut contents of a Reticulated Python. And there's also the possibility of small pups falling prey to larger raptors like the Grey-headed Fish Eagle and White-bellied Sea Eagle. When you consider these predators, on top of the otters' fiercely territorial nature, it's really unlikely that we'll see an overpopulation. It's true that otters can become pests when they raid fish farms and ponds, but the issue is more about a lack of barriers.
The society is hypocrite at best. It has been far too common in Singapore where one is crying about discriminatory action against themselves, while behave like bigotry towards another less privileged group.
The startups that dominate do push out an idea that strong. That's the whole fucking point, really. If you wanna be mediocre and take a niche, go ahead but if you want to be kingslayer you best be way ahead your opponent. Most people don't see a future in the opposition because they don't offer anything that's 10x better that justifies switching a new government. The parties actually has plenty of chances to do it on the ground bit by bit. For example, democracy in the workplace is an idea that might be interesting etc Successful startups end up first with a killer app that delivers on its core idea that stems from a fundamental change in how we think. I don't see that provided by the opposition
The story uses a hawker as an antagonist, but it's not about the hawker. If you remember the story in 10 days, it's not going to be hawkers are assholes , it's we should treat our healthcare workers with respect . It's not going to damage our hawker's reputation in any way.
The stupid ass times that you also had to go to school also played a role. Even as a guy in his late 20s now, sometimes I still get nightmares that I am late for school
The style of the artwork is on point! I can picture this in some PETS textbook
The Sunshine Empire MLM scandal seems to have been forgotten. Actually knew one of the founder's kids years ago from church. It's pretty sad that their dad is a convicted felon.
The Sunshine Empire scam in 2007. It was the largest Ponzi Scheme back then and many people were cheated of their money - a total of $190 million. My grandfather and his were friends but their offsprings didn't keep in contact. Which wasn't a bad thing, in my opinion, otherwise my relatives might have been scammed too.
the talk about all schs are good schs now too all schools are good schools in that they pass certain standards set by the Ministry of Education. but it's clearly never been the case that all schools are the same - likewise it's also the case that some schools are better schools than others, but it doesn't mean that a school that is better for person A is necessarily going to be a better school for person B.
The teaching and learning of SEd is based on respect for the values and beliefs of the different ethnic and religious communities in Singapore on sexuality issues.
The thing about authoritarian people is they literally have no principles beyond percieved might right and 'democracy bad'. These people are the same in every country. I take pains to emphasize that 'might' in this case is 'percieved' rather than real. If you want to look at what might is, look at the power wielded by the worlds Liberal democracies. NATO only has about 10% of the world's population, but has 50% of the world's GDP. Heck if you want to see what real might looks like, look at what democratic Ukraine is achieving right now vs Russian tanks. These people are suckered by a shirtless guy on a horse, or soldiers goose stepping down Chang An avenue or their government abusing the human rights of their own citizens because they value the performative spectacle of national power rather than actual national power. To them, a government boot on the necks of 'liberals' strength. A government that seeks and possess the consent of its citizen weak. Regardless of any other facts. If you lurk around this sub, you will note that our most authoritarian, anti liberal most pro- People's Action Party government posters are also the same people who are taking pains to explain Putin's arguments and shill for them on this sub. This is even though the People's Action Party's position is anti-invasion because the People's Action Party, at least in this case, knows what is good for them. Posters like zukiff and sec5. I fully expect them to be somewhere in this thread spreading wumao or 5 rouble nonsense.
the thing about having alot of alts is that sometimes you continue conversations while forgetting to switch back to your normal account. dudes been caught out before
The thing I learned the most is how effective disinformation campaigns are. The internet is filled with such trash that people have no idea what's happening. Some Americans even think that it's Ukraine's fault it's being invaded because they attacked Russia first. Wow, never thought I'd see the day when Americans would support Russia invading another country.
The thing is people will remember these sour people after the dust has settled. Those hawkers can reject people outright now but it will stick in people's minds. The words will eventually pass around who that shitty hawker stall owner is and karma will eventually find them.
The thing is Singaporeans are still enjoying the standard of living that the government has provided us with. Hong Kong for example has faced many problems with housing shortage. Singaporeans are not going to revolt anytime soon because our government is still competent
the thing is that there are laws in place to prevent this from happening and this particular unit wasn't about cohabiting. imagine the outrage if an atheist put up an ad up saying no christians, muslims or hindus? for this to happen in 2022 is ridiculous.
the thing is that there are laws in place to prevent this from happening and this particular unit wasn't about cohabiting. You'd need to be specific here. What is the 'this' that you are talking about? imagine the outrage if an atheist put up an ad up saying no christians, muslims or hindus? for this to happen in 2022 is ridiculous. I think we'd have to word things more specifically then. Maybe this atheist doesn't really have a problem with religion, but doesn't want their tenants to burn incense for example. As we all know, certain religions are more inclined to burn incense Buddhists, Taoists, Hindus and it might be the quickest or laziest way to weed out potential dealbreakers. The same thing can be said about cooking habits. For example, a muslim home owner might not want non-halal food stuffs to be cooked in their kitchen maybe they want to move back eventually? . Would it be acceptable for them to say Only halal food or muslims acceptable ?
The thing is, this is stupid. First of all, they already have compulsory bi monthly testing for all f&b staff. So we know all f&b workers are covid free. They should throw f&b a bone and let them accept fully vaccinated guests only. And let dining be allowed for fully vaccinated only. Otherwise, with high rental and no income, all the staff gotta go unpaid leave.
The thing that gets me is, if an mRNA vaccine that prevented cancer were to roll out tomorrow, everyone from all age groups would be all over it, no questions. Perhaps because everyone knows someone who has died of cancer ? The whole point of the covid vaccine and prevention is to prevent us from getting to that stage of everyone knows someone who died from covid , but people can't seem to think that far ahead.
The thing that is wrong is that they are not respecting and accepting people and their sexualities and their future ones if they are students that are questioning and part of the LGBTQIA+ and they are trying to shun it out and make everyone straight, and calling relationships that aren't straight unhealthy. It is also feels like they are saying that non-nuclear families are not acceptable which is very backwards, and ironic since you'd think that they'd encourage any family type since PM Lee is so desperate for higher birth rates. And they are forcing the unacceptability of non-nuclear families to some extent and forcing society to be a certain where when that should not happen even a little bit. We cant compare to countries that aren't doing as well and just sit still when there are so many things to be improved on and ironed out.
The third paragraph about the food on the floor and sleep in the ambulance you believe . don't think the hospital allows that
The timezone we are using is 1 hour faster than our geographical timezone. It really makes a huge difference for people who need to reach their school or workplace at 8am or earlier because they have to wake up when the sky is still pitch black.
The total number of cases within the time period is static. So is the deaths. They take all the death cases within the said time period. And for each case, they look at the vax status at the point of death. Then they segregate all that data by age groups.
the toxic work life balance that healthcare workers have needs to change that's what I feel but on top of that I believe monetary incentive will be good to have as well considering how the government just clap their hands for them imao what a slap in the face
The treatment of students by parents based on what school they're from is ridiculous really. I'm the only one within my extended family that didn't go to ITE and none of the aunties or uncles even try to talk to me besides the basic greetings. They even discourage my cousins from hanging out with me often. what the fuck?!
The two of us, 40yo. No kids. No wedding, no dinner, no gate crashing. Just a ceremony at ROM. Elders were aghast, but whatever la. No luxe photo book with heavily photoshopped versions of us in grandiose clothing. We went travelling to Europe, backpacking instead. Downgraded to 2 room flat. DIY the hell out of everything. Painted it ourselves, IKEA furniture, Taobao furniture. No interior designer to do it for us. Used the saved money to buy more quality appliances instead. Paid it all off, no loan. Served my NS 10 year ICT cycle. Loads of shit, loads of fun. In a twisted way, I missed the camaraderie and the forced leave annual ICT to gather with a bunch of folks to talk shit and late night chats. Basically done most things on our bucket list. Tried our dream jobs, took the unconventional paths to do business. Lived abroad, and seriously considered immigration, did the paper work. But Singapore is the place for now. We are doing fine. 20+, 30+ years maybe? to go, to meet our maker. Might sound terribly boring to some, but as slowly the years gone by, you might realise that simple things matters the most. For example, having a yelping dog to greet u when you are back. Going to mum's place to have home cooked dinner. Having a steamed pomfret cooked by my in-law for a meal. Playing Paper Mario The Origami King on the Switch. Well, age changes one's perspective?
The two people you cannot trust regardless of the context Obscenely rich people The Government in absolute power You must always expect bullshit. Nothing more, nothing less. Don't even look at their race, gender, sexuality, etc The more they hold power, they're likely corrupt and sour. The deeper their pockets, their bullshit skyrockets
the upside is we get to enjoy this great city with all its amenities for mostly free. if u have been to India or places like that, 99% of the population would trade places with our poor . in that respect, we did a great job
The US didn't sign in 97 but enforced a policy of completely ending production of landmines and their use . This brings the US into full compliance with the treaty.so, great nuance for you, I guess. Trump reversed that policy in 2020.
The US has rather hardcore income inequality though. It really isn't the place to go if egalitarianism is your thing.
The US's general approach is to sell their outdated tech off to poorer countries. Years ago it was the F-4s, as the US replaced those they started showing up in various other countries. Now the F-15s are being phased out, so not surprising to see them getting sold more readily. Also I'd bet my paycheck that those planes won't show up with any of the current gen electronics. The US isn't going to give Indonesia anything equal to its own capacities.
The use of the word ban is wrong here, halt would be better. You don't wanna ban a country, you just want to halt the flights till things get normal and the word ban feels like u striped someone of their rights.
The VACCINATION is just a DISTRACTION to make our population DOCILE. They are just using the to make us OBEDIENT and STUPID!
The Vatican had at least 1900 years to accumulate that wealth. Til now nobody knows how much money the Vatican has. For context, they had, and still have private armies and an insane amount of books, back when books were made of vellum and could cost as much a year's salary of a labourer
the very max i'll do is hold up my phone and shout at the guy like a coward. Kanina i call polis! then i'll fuck right off, later the UFC guy come and whoop me next, 100% better to let some fulltime national serviceman with stun gun handle it have any of you guys ever gotten into a fight before, punch in the face etc. hurts like f---!
the vibes is diff brother, if i do that now im just vibing normally, but if i do when im 70 blasting hokkien songs thats the real vibe
The victim need to press charges. One time i called the police on a guy punching his gf bloody in public. The police came, talked to them, then just leaft. I assume the gf didnt say anything.
the video got picked up by WUSG on instagram so maybe it'll gain enough traction there
the video of the terrorist in the truck, in a split second you can also see one of the actor giving the finger
The villagers in this video are from the northern side of India, and the majority in this particular geographic location are living below poverty lines, hence they are saying 110 rupees is so high but also the cost of living is also lower but on the southern side of India, there are also people living below poverty, but 110 rupees can only buy you a plate of Chicken Biriyani and cost of living is higher compared to the north. Regardless, people are suffering on that beautiful country because of corrupt POS politicians
The vote is for the people who go to the parliament and debate and work out the best way forward for Singapore. The vote is not for who's going to improve Senkang's facilities and scenery. That is the job of the government, not the party. Know the difference.
The War will End, The leaders will Shake hands, The old women will keep waiting for her Martyred son, That girl will wait for her Husband and Those Children's will wait for their Heroic Father, I don't know who sold our Homeland but i Saw who Paid the Price.
The way how that old gentleman speaks and reacts really warms my heart. I wish longevity bestow upon him. 3
The weird part is that NDP carries on with reduced capacity while businesses are closed. More people suffers while the entire country should celebrate NDP, where got mood?
The West is protecting us as you now say vs they are pressuring us per your original post are quite different. Indeed we are only still able to ask for respect of territorial integrity precisely because there are still groups supporting or protecting others who share this sentiment In this case it happens to be West, even China who chose not to side Russia outright as it goes against their stance on supporting seperatism . So you are right Singapore wont be able to say shit, and I add we would also get steam rolled if there wasnt any bigger countries upholding international rules of law. In this case isn't it to our benefit that there are still groups fighting for respect of sovereignty? Of course I'm not naive to think that they are doing this without their share of personal interest. But my original point is, Singapore's main motivation of doing this is not to suck up to the West as implied by the Russian embassy and we should be aware of deliberate attempts to the change the narrative.
The West is protecting us as you now say vs they are pressuring us per your original post are quite different. so because they are protecting us they cannot be pressuring us? The pressure works because they are protecting us, otherwise why do we care? deliberate attempts to the change the narrative. Singapore isn't going to say shit if the US decides to violate another country's sovereignity. Just like how Singapore hasn't said shit about the Yemen conflict, where Saudi Arabia and friends are suppressing a popular local revolution leading to millions of Yemenis facing starvation and even using the U.N. to do it because their Saudi friends want it. But hey, your friend thinks it's ok, because it's a civil war and it's not intervening with sovereignity somehow right? Because it's one thing if Russia backs Syrian dictators but another if Saudi and friends back Yemeni dictators. Deliberate attempts to change the narrative my ass.
the whole AWARE or church affair? people around my age mid 20s didn't seem to know about it edit spelling
The whole idea that your value or worth is decided by your grades is stupid. Many of the most well-adjusted and kind people I know dropped out of high school or never went to post-secondary school. They simply knew academics weren't for them and just wanted to live their lives.
The whole point of Grab was to eliminate the need to look for an available cab on the side of the street and have your ride rejected based on your destination. Are we remembering life before Grab differently?
the whole r Singapore has been circlejerking each other on how minority are being 'abused' in Singapore for small big related and unrelated thing the majority race has ever done in their life. anything that goes against this narrative is downvoted. if a chinese talk to friends in mandarin in a group setting, is it racist? Yes, it is and if it was in malay or tamil, is that racist? No, it isn't chinese bashing and racist comments against Chinese getting upvoted, much SJW trying to fight racism. in the end ownself become racist. say anything against the Chinese equals to racist, minority discriminated narrative, you get downvoted
The window to the left we are aleph nice to meet you Aren't they rebranded Aum-Shinrikyo, the ones behind Tokyo subway sarin attack? edit luckily not.
The Women's Charter says that a marriage will be considered legal if both parties were respectively legally male and female at the point of marriage , which was the case here. The provision was made explicitly for trans people.
The word 'ignore' is used several times in comments I've read on this post, and I will have to respectfully disagree. That's a big ask, and it is one that is far, far easier said than done. Practically, it's a tad laughable. Many have already walked too far away from and off the ramp of the 'indian' portion of their Singaporean identity in a bid to assimilate and cope, and 'ignoring' has often been a part of that strategy - usually going hand-in-hand with self-deprecation. I've read something in the comments that mentioned ignoring along with building confidence - regretfully, that's a big ask too. While both may very well be mutually exclusive, the fact that many find various ways of shunning certain things and masking themselves up in order to cope has much to do with the erosion of confidence and identity due to repeated exposure to mockery and responsive shame or the stunting of confidence in layers of their own identity in their growing years, due to the same . Much of this impact takes place early, at the primary school stages, and is further compounded going along. Would ignoring have a part to play in the solution, whatever it might be? Sure. Would self-confidence play a role in restoration of the individual? Definitely. But we must understand that humanity, for the most part, is about relationships - we are social. We listen, we observe, we take in and we process. In reality, the sussurrus catches up no matter how fast you run or how confidently you walk. And when it does, you figure out what works and you cope. Now, put that problem in the hands of a 7-year old.
The word is from various Malay languages so it's perfectly possible both the British and Dutch picked it up as a loan word.
The world could really do well to emphasize the importance of labor and retail jobs during formative years. Even the elites or rather, especially the elites could benefit from a summer job taking flack from the general public. This could be applied to people of all ages as well, not just teenagers.
The world is not black and white. If something is portrayed healthy doesn't mean that something that something that doesn't fit it is unhealthy. Pulling suicide card is way too extreme. And you have not read the comments in this post by LGBTQ people including me who have self harmed and attempted suicide because we were made to think that we're broken and wrong. Nobody demonises the minority, why so much of a pity party? We live in a free world. Noone cares about any types of unions. Seems like you live in a bubble given how the demonizing of LGBTQ is done so often see the MediaCorp Gay Pedophile scandal or WAAPD . Again you pulling that card. Million times explained it's not enforced and not technically enforceable, but it's still brought up. It was enforced in roundabout ways a post on a few months ago already showed that the police tried to entrap gay people years ago . Legally family is a union of people of opposite gender. Period. You or I may like it or not, but it is so. Which is where Singapore is backwards because this is done just to appease anti-LGBT bigots. Which denies LGBTQ people a lot of stuffs subsidized BTOs, being able to make medical decisions for their partners, etc . That's self-entitlement and not justification of your position. Nobody is equal in this world, it's a leftist agenda, it's a lie. Nobody is equal, just suck it up. It is what it is. Really? Try proposing a law right now to prohibit any group of people from marriage and make their act of having sex a crime for something that they're born as. See if it gets struck out immediately for bigotry. From all of your posts so far, you have pretty much demonstrated that you're just anti LGBTQ while disguising it as i don't really care but it's illegal and should stay illegal . Just own up to your bigotry since you're horrible at disguising it with your lgbtwatewer .
The world is over crowded. Sure there are sparsely populated areas, which Singapore obviously doesn't have, but in general everywhere you go in Europe, cities in the US, Asia, there are too many people.
The world is overpopulated. We cannot sustain it. This is tye beginning! I reckon soon enough if people don't decide to have less kids, it will be enforced some way or another. Eityer through economics like its affecting people now, or eventually grouch law For now it's natural demand vs supply which is driving up all the prices. The less demand there the cheaper it will be again. Examples. More people? Less unoccupied land. Means land is worth more. More expensive and less affordable. Less food and water to go around. More energy consumption. More damage to the world. We are the problem and we keep adding to it the more kids we have. I reckon the world should be sitting at around 4B, not 8 or 9B that we have now. I have chosen to have 1 child. Everyone keeps telling me when are u going to have another? I keep saying never! If I had 2 I could never provide for it like I can with 1. I also don't believe people today should have more than 1 child till the population comes down. Just my opinion. Probably not morally or ethically correct but it's my opinion. It's not like every child we have is helping the world. We are breeding more consumers of the world's resources. I for one will encourage my child to try and do something positive for this world somehow. Will not force it as they have their own path, but I will encourage it. U never know, she may be the one that solves a world crisis!?
The world needs fewer children so there should be zero guilt about being child free. But if you have the urge just do it. I was very reluctant so had my one child late 40 but I fell in love instantly and he has been a constant joy. Totally changed my view of children and ended up going into early years care or education. I love kids. They have a joy in living we as adults need reminding of. As for Singapore. There are many upsides noted above compared to a lot of places in the world. The one area I do think is missing is open wild spaces for them to feel free. My son and his friends would go camping in the fields overnight from a young age, making camp fires. As for climate change - it will be a challenge. But there is always a doomsday scenario for every generation that we somehow survive. If humanity has any point in this universe it's to grow and improve and learn. Maybe one day spread to stars as enlightened beings. Life right now is massively better for everyone. We all live like medieval kings but without the horrible diseases that killed off most children before puberty. Embrace life. Each morning is a gift full of surprise.
The world will never be racism-free. There will be various degree of racism, ranging from subtle to outrageous. The outrageous ones are done by ignorant people. But the subtle ones u may never know until u have to go for job interviews or even during casual conversations with colleagues. But yes, as u have said yourself, every race including the Chinese face racism. This is a fact of life and maybe even a remnant of our primitive instincts. The world will never be perfect. Racism is just one of them. There are many more evils. u can either wait for utopia or u can just carry on with life and be the best person that u can be, regardless of what the world throw at u.
The worst kind of people are people that justify the behaviour by saying it's human nature . It's not. It's a large mix of socialisation as well.
The worst milk in the history of milks. Sticky, overly starchy and fake after taste to it, I do not know why would anyone buy HL
The xenophobia directed at PRC citizens was very pronounced in the 2000s and early 2010s. The reasons are many 1. A large influx of PRC migrants during this time, who were in very visible service industry jobs. Bus drivers, f&b, postmen etc. A lot of them didn't speak much English, there were cultural differences which were super apparent to Singaporeans, and incidents of cultural misunderstandings were quite common. It was quite common to hear ugh I had to deal with a PRC at the hawker , the food quality has gone down the drain ever since they hired China workers etc. Older folks still say things like this. 2. Perceptions of uncouth behaviour. PRC were often labeled boorish and not 'house proud'. Much like how Indian nationals are being labeled today. 3. PRCs were seen as low in social value. Most folks at the time were from rural provinces, and were doing low-wage service jobs, or menial ones in construction. If anything, Singaporeans are super attuned to perceived economic worth of a foreigner. PRCs didn't score well on that smell test, at the time. 4. There were of course the ultra high net worth PRC nationals, and this rubbed in more salt. There was a high profile accident involving a Ferrari-driving PRC in 2012, and the torrent of hate was intense. PRC folks were accused of leeching the benefits of Singapore, and showing their arrogance. Locals felt the PRCs didn't deserve the prosperity. What changed? Well, the kind of PRC migrant changed. There's a bigger population of skilled, educated and richer migrants, who Singaporeans prefer to associate with. Also, China has transformed into an aspirational country for many, to say nothing of the economic and cultural soft power it wields today. The Singaporean distaste over foreigners often correlates with class. I daresay the discrimination towards Indian nationals will disappear when there is a visible economic step-up amongst the South Asian diaspora. However, as long as there's a sizeable chunk of South Asians in menial jobs, the negative stereotypes and the undesirability will continue to be used against them.
Their 9 dash line and related activities are already the most obvious evidence of bad faith with respect to international law. I don't think there's much necessity to say more. will be adopting a wait and see attitude with this. Well it's your choice, not that you presumably or I can make impactful global decisions. Ironically, wait and see is exactly what would have doomed Ukraine has they not made defensive preparations and had the most charitable interpretation of Russia's troop massing at their border, taking their words literally.
Their dumplings are great and they're donating 10% of sales to Ukraine. Give them a try.
Their elite crew or something, the Spetnaz, have been caught dressed in Ukrainian Uniforms and attempting to sabotage already, so definitely some has tried
Their manager or something I don't work in an embassy is possibly a tiktok dancer
Their own people, obviously. But this is real life and cartoon villains aren't as common as you'd think, so unless they're going full holocaust genocide, life still goes on. Kingdoms rise, kingdoms fall. I cannot say if it will be better or worse, only different.
Their PR team will be working overtime to push narratives like What Singapore can teach Hong Kong about being invaded , while they flee the nation.
Theirs is actual lockdown, and the city is ground zero. Stocking up is rational. And even then it was orderly. It's not a competition, but we have to look at ourselves.
Theirs no way this guy is trained his form is way to ass for what is relatively punching a punching bag.
Then accept the next order and process that one first. When she complains about it, say sorry I'm not smart enough to process your order. I'm still thinking how it should be done while I process other people's order and just continue to ignore her.
Then also got another Singapore kenna arrest for bribing US military officials for contracts. You mean the Fat Leonard scandal?
Then ask him to produce MC to the coy Giving him a taste of his own medicine.
Then I think it's best if they just mention the reason too since straight up saying no Indians directly comes off as racist
then i would love to know, which asian country would you prefer to have be born in? in fact, scratch that, if you could be born anywhere in the world where would you like to be born? like many others have said, why pay for an extravagant wedding? why do people 'expect' a certain hand to be dealt to them? just because they think they're special? I say I'm so fortunate to be born in Singapore, where I'm already better off than so many other people. sheesh I just don't get it sometimes
Then if he going 2 weeks ago? Did anyone know the extent? If your fathers last wish is at stake you won't go?
Then let's not go back to lockdown and just let the virus spread. If they don't see the point of not getting sick from it then let them catch it and die. It's their choice.
Then people starts to complain f&b is dying or expensive to operate or no hope etc etc. Even if one committed, the career ladder will lead to nowhere.
Then the picture is pointless and biased. The answer to whether they will stay is obviously yes. These people literally fucking survived konfrontasi, riots and threats from Malaysia and Indonesia. They stayed. The average Redditor kpkb and hid.
Then they ask me to install the app and sign up. As im signing up they ask me all sorts of weird questions. Which school you go to? Oh JC is it? What was your secondary school? You only child or have sibling? And in all of this i got confused whether to respond to them or to sign up. All this is basically them trying to establish common ground and or or act like they're interested in you, or maybe just try to confuse you so you're partially distracted before they swoop in for the kill. I find them very pushy and annoying. One of them even said oh hi it's you again when I went past them a 2nd time after I said no the first time . I should be the one saying that, you're the ones who decided to camp near my area I hate to appear rude and I always try to be nice to everyone. Those two things aren't mutually exclusive. You can be nice, polite but also assertive Learning to stand up for yourself and say no is a very, very important life skill to have and can be practiced.
Then we should be fighting for the welfare for healthcare worker not taking away freedoms from others to make it fair .
Then what's the solution you suggest? This impasse - one way or another, something's gotta give.
Then what? Take the MRT home? You really think deserting the Russian army by yourself is that easy?
Then why did ROM originally agree that she could get married even after she told them she was trans and planning to transition?
Then why is providing education on healthy heterosexual marriage part of Ministry of Education's job? It is sex education. Teach the students how to protect themselves, not teach them to that being straight is healthy and anything else unhealthy. The family is the basic unit of any society and it comprises of a heterogeneous couple. That's the only known way to propagate offsprings. Untrue. Surrogacy and other sciences allow homosexual couples to have children, just not in Singapore because Singapore government listens too much to religious lobbying just look at egg freezing . not cater to fringe groups that contradict societal norms. And religious groups used to be that until they somehow became the societal norm. LGBTQ was accepted in Singapore with Bugis being famous for having trans people. But look at us now.
Then why will people opt for the metered approach then? Sorry Comfort noob here always been using Grab or Gojek
There are a lot of ethnic groups around the world whose identities are very closely tied to Islam. Where at least 90% of the ethnicity adhere to islam
There are a lot of Filipinos 3.4 million in the US and people tend to think of them pretty positively from what I understand.
There are a number of Putin apologist comments here so your's probably got lumped in with those. Some people see everything as a football match and don't like their team criticised. This kind of tribalism is exactly why we have idiots hating some Pelmeni shop for Putin's actions.
There are also some discord servers that has chatroom for people to video streaming their study sessions ngl, that sounds pretty awesome.
There are always someone who ruins the days of everyone else. Spare a thought for others.
There are jerks and there are racists. There are plenty of Chinese people that are both.
There are no earthquakes in Ba Sing Se Here we are safe Here we are free
There are no non essential shops closure right? Just in case I missed when reading the news.
There are no nuclear missiles on Russia's border and the invasion is an illegal land grab with zero justification. You're just a shill for CCP.
There are plenty of steps of increasing severity that can be taken before full-on air missile-launched war. Diplomacy + negotiation sanctions and other restrictions e.g. financial, travel restrictions, trade embargoes, blockades. even though blockades arguably can be seen as an act of war There are plenty of tools available. War should be the last resort - really the last, because of the heavy cost it entails. Whenever anyone goes straight from Talks failed to WAR , I immediately lose respect for them for how ignorant they are of politics and how little they know of the true cost of war.
There are Singaporean companies and agencies there with Singaporean staff there. If we were to ban flights, which at this point only Singaporeans can take, we would be preventing these people from coming back home and getting away from the tragedy there. Keep your xenophobia away, you stupid fuck.
There are some Abangs in Tampines or Pasir Ris who won't look out of place in Tijuana or Bogota D
there are some crazy accounts in this sub that simply trade issues are justifiable pretense for an invasion upwards, these morons just want to lay back and watch kids die
There are some problems with even allowing citizens to return Is the recommended 14 or even 21 day quarantine effective? It's been a long time since anyone has checked, it's just been 14 since the early days before mutations. That's also completely ignoring the dangers of the flight, the airport, and the travel home, all of which are done in the vicinity of other people. What's the point of quarantine when Day 0 on the bus or MRT or taxi home, they already mix with other people? Is the requirement for a negative report effective? If everyone requires a negative report to enter, why do we still have import cases? Makes zero sense. Quarantine is meant to be only for suspected exposure, negative at first then quarantine to check. If on arrival they are positive, that's a failure at all levels. The sooner we get rid of the pandemic, the sooner our economy gets back to normal. The reason we're not getting back to normal is because people and governments are rushing and taking shortcuts and compromises. It's a failure to see the big picture of 5-10 years down the road. How can we control the pandemic if we have so many uncontrollable factors? We cannot control what happens overseas, that weak link has to be completely eliminated, zero, only then we can have full control of our own situation.
There are two games in life, the money game and the status game. Those who know they cannot win the money game tend to play the status game, and the way many do this is using religion to put themselves on a pedestal and judge others. Preaching is nothing new. Proselytising has been happening for millennia. It's just more noticeable now because of social media and cross-mixing of cultures. Religious or not, preaching is generally frowned upon. It's mostly a really tiny minority in every religion that think it's totally cool and encouraged.
There definitely was before. I stopped using a registered CC on the comfort app due to the additional fee. Not sure if it has changed now.
There does not exist a party which champions LGBT rights, because its political suicide. They will never win the majority vote in the area they contest
There has always been no point man. Think, 2040, the average temperature here is expected to increase to 30 deg because. Assuming equal variance to temperatures now that's +2 deg because for every day. Have children for what? For them to suffer, to take over the burdens left over from the last generation i.e. our generation ? To live in a perpetual hotel state of Singapore, where people only set up satellite HR offices here, and leave when better opportunities arise? Naw man. Getting long-term birth control or heck, getting STERILISED is probably better than bringing life into this hellhole of a place. I'd say forget it man, for the sake of your potential kid and for yourself and your partner. I wouldn't put someone uninvolved onto my sinking ship just for them to salvage it.
There has been a lot of posts about how People's Action Party is some how like Putin and saying Zelensky is heroic and Singapore leadership is not. I know Singapore is not perfect nowhere is , but it is a miracle that an Island of this size and population has the economic might and foresight to build up enough resources to protect itself militarily and economically. It has strong institutions and while it seems that there is no real opposition, corruption, the disease that destroy nations, is extremely low to non-existent. Let's please take this crisis to appreciate not living under oppression while not being under constant threat from foreign interference. I will admit not all is hunky dory here but it's still far better than many places in the world.
There have been a few scandals in the past 2014 Focus on the Family sex ed vendor saga NLB saga 2009 AWARE saga Generic AWARE bullshit What Ministry of Education actually says on the subject Sexuality Education teaches students what homosexuality is, the importance of respect and empathy, and the law concerning homosexual acts in Singapore.
There have been some MPs who support LGBT for example Baey Yam Keng who featured a trans person on his social media, and Shanmugam who visited a home for transgender people if I remember correctly, amongst others That is 2, out of how many? On the other hand, we have Vivian Balakrishnan, Christopher de Souza, Zaqy Mohamad, Indranee Rajah, Alvin Yeo, Ho Geok Choo, Ong Kian Min, Cynthia Phua, Muhammad Faishal Ibrahim, Lim Biow Chuan, Seah Kian Peng who argued to keep S377A in Parliament some outright stating that they don't agree with homosexuality . Yeah I'm saying that it's unnatural. I'm not against it, but I'm just saying that you can't deny that it's unnatural. You have to use copious amounts of lubricant and prepare for it or end up with bleeding and injury. You do know that even PIV sex requires lubricant some might need a lot or bleeding and injury can also occur. And the interesting thing is that this argument is seldom used for oral sex but because anal sex is usually linked to gay sex, the wrong body part argument is used usually to mask the homophobia . Also, if it is wrong, why is anal sex between heterosexual couples legal but illegal for homosexuals? The basis of the law lies in homophobia, not the wrong body part .
There is a balance in enacting the will of the idiot people, and leading them. Your logic would see the release of cpf immediately today to a vast majority of morons with disaster within a few years. Inching forward is a good way to let the boomers die and not embolden a new generation of bigots. You only hold referendums if you are sure you're going to win and just want the other side to STFU finally.
There is a big difference in banning flights before something has spread containment and banning flights six months after its been in the U.S.
There is a call button and a stop button if I remember correctly just use the call button so MRT staff can stand by at the next stop + call in spf
There is a history of Malay culture being looked down upon by the ethnic majority. OP said he experienced a trend of bullying for being in malay dance. The person insulted his dance, an integral part of malay cultural identity, and called him a black dancer, clearly already making a racist comment about his skin tone. And yet, your reaction here is to whine about whether his actions should be considered racist or just mean? Instead of trying to be anti-PC, maybe just consider the perspective of the young boy who was just trying to participate in a fun activity that celebrated his culture, and had to endure this kind of behaviour.
There is a legend in bmt that a csm unknowingly shoved his pacestick up Lee Hsien Loong's ass and called him a guniang during grenade drills. Csm only saw a lanky guniang throwing grenade like his grandmother from behind.
There is a reason why our Total Fertility Rate is one of the lowest in the world.
There is already a ban on non citizens and pr. Those who enter are required to serve a longer quarantine time. That's how we are being CAUTIOUS for now. people who are coming in are mostly family members and loved ones who are simply trying to return HOME. Could you imagine getting barred from returning home?
There is also an asymmetry in the ease of migrating. For a comparable standard or living, I may go to say Canada or Norway etc but whether or not they will take me in is another issue. Seems like Singapore isn't all that hard to get PR or citizenship if you uhhh. fit the unofficial ethnic or nationality criteria dont pofma pls other people say wan
There is always difficult people around. people who think differently. Is not the country, society, company or environment that is difficult. The people within is the key. Change school, change company. The people remain the same.
There is an increase in covid cases but 99.7% of them are either having mild symptoms or no symptoms. The case could have increased because many are testing themselves with ARTs at home. As for the hospitalization rate, it is less than other countries
There is dis old man playing Chinese New Year music on the bus at max volume and started to laugh at lianhua primary school name for some reason. He goes Lian Hua e
There is eyes on this and its a political issues these are kind of thing that would probably involve the division commander. They are unlikely to get mistreated, at worst they get charged, fined or let off with a stern warning.
There is freedom within, there is freedom without, try to catch the deluge in a paper cup
There is huge rental demand in the Boon Lay area. The entire tuas area taps into Boon Lay.
There is literally chip that can be implemented on human but I never trust vaccines have microchips on it
There is no Circuit Breaker in Sing Se Here we are safe Here we are free
There is no NATO response to this crisis. There is France's, Germany's, Latvia's, Estonia's, Poland's, but not NATO's. Several sent lethal weapons, Germany blocked the shipments of German-made weapons. Many want SWIFT sanction and block out from the SWIFT system, Germany and Italy say, no way. And nobody sanctions Russian oil and gas. In the end, this is the club that Ukraine wanted to join and is getting rekted for.
There is no need to help and fight the aggressor. Is it enough to stand up and yell him to stop to get him out of that rage status. It's enough to at least stop looking at your cellphone or walk away and just say something. But the people freezes and this is their natural reaction.
There is nothing moral about following the law. A good law reflects morals, and thus should be followed. A bad law does not, and therefore should not. Morals determine what is law, laws do not determine what is moral. To give an example, if it was legal to punch people in the face, I would not go around belting old ladies, because it's morally wrong to do so. A law that lets the police arrest two consenting adults for their private sex acts is morally wrong, and should be removed, not followed. And in this case, a law that silences the powerless in order to make life easier for the powerful, is wrong and should not be obeyed. One can reasonably say to follow the law, on issues where one has not considered the underlying morality. If, after considering the morality of a law, one finds it lacking, then disobeying it is being moral. edit it's shocking to me how many supposed adults never get halfway through moral development, and are stuck at it's wrong because my parents or government or magical sky daddy said so! .
There is nothing wrong for Dr Chee to speak up for Singaporeans unless he is telling lie.
there is nothing wrong with that if that is one desires. and there is nothing wrong with renting too if that is what another desires.
There is so much misinformation and fear mongering. I feel sorry for you and am frustrated at the stupidity of people and the lack of effort to educate them by the government.
There isn't any time for warning shot even. The policeman ain't no John Wick. And SPF don't practice warning shots. Regular GRF was on the right of the video equipped with taser. However, for Taser to work effectively, you need to hit a big muscle group to effectively stop the suspect. The arm alone wasn't enough.
There really shouldn't be any religious law or courts in a secular society in my opinion. Both freedom of religion and freedom from religion are important, but most importantly religion should have no say in politics and policy making.
There seems to be a rising trend of preachy religious people, and I'm wondering if it has anything to do with a decline in religious-ness in general. It might feel to the devout that something is going wrong, when the later generations seem to be 'straying further from the right path' and the preachiness probably stems from that fear.
There used to be a courtesy movement from way back in the 90's and they ought to reintroduce it now. Just simple acts of consideration for others like walking in a single file on a shared footpath or not bumping into strangers along the way, most of them are incapable of doing that. Parents used to reprimand their offspring for being disturbances in the library, now they just can't be bothered.
there was a time where you can win condo or car or coupon or phone by donate during charity show and all the mediacorp artists basically selling their life climbing the ladder that's made of sword etc 1900 112 6868 or 8888
There was an article a few months in CNA women ago about vaginismus the act of the vagina clenching up during sex . I mean you teach sex as Taboo then when people need to do the deed to grow your population it's like expecting things to go from 0 to 100. After a lifetime of don't you dare do this thing before marriage , do you expect it to suddenly change when people are married? Do you expect women to suddenly relax after fearing at least 10 years of maybe getting pregnant then disowned out of wedlock?
There was never one to begin with. You were more like a jinx if I have to say.
There was one a couple of years ago at Tanjong Katong but it's since closed down
There was one person who got arrested for smiley faces here so yeah I think he can. And then the g will prove he will
There was one time I got trapped listening to a random Christian girl at Woodlands MRT for nearly an hour. I will never be that kind again.
There was one time my malay colleague and I went to donki to buy snacks. Went back to office with it and the old malay aunty started scolding him saying HARAM HARAM. Really spoiled the mood for the day.
There was this guy at whitesands giving death stares at everyone who turned him down . Can hear him muttering fuck ccb too
There were no charter flights what charter flights? Only option to get back were the Indian airlines for many Singaporeans because India banned other countries from flying.
There were Protestants and Catholics from China who fled to Nanyang to escape the Chinese Civil War and later Communist purges. It's not so simple to say they are suck ups.
There were some pics of him getting scolded by a teacher after this, pretty funny. He's probably in secondary by now , wonder if he's infamous
There won't be any travel until 2023, you can forget about 2021 and 2022 based on their current behaviour. They've become completely terrorised, and have stopped thinking and just reverted to panicking. It's embarrassing to see.
There'll always be salespeople bullying students and preying on them. Especially all those seedy MLM schemes. It's disgusting and I hate it. For credit card is easier to cancel the transaction, just inform your bank. Next time you have to be firm and say no. Don't need to worry about appearing rude or trying to be nice. Salespeople only want to make money, they don't care about your life or anything. Usually if you just say no, they will leave you alone as well. But if they persist then you can just ignore them or persist in rejecting them. If you think it's ok, see if you want to let your parents know as well if you think that they won't be mad , maybe they can also share some tips. My parents are very well versed in rejecting everything
There's a branch in joo chiat too. Highly recommend trying out both light and dark kvass drink. Sproti when they have them in stock. Their pelmeni dumplings are good too.
There's a difference between the War on Terror and the current invasion in Ukraine. How the War on Terror started off was with the intent to flush out Al Qaeda to prevent and further attacks on Civilian grounds like 11th September. How the war changed over time was all within US's decisions, not UN. This one is an unprovoked invasion with the intention to overthrow the standing governments of a sovereign state. It's a topic that is very close to us due to the similar geopolitical situation Singapore is in since independence.
there's a korean guy who got famous streaming himself studying because handsome I think that started the trend.
There's a play, Lungs, about exactly this question - it was showing at the Singapore Repertory Theatre from June to July 2021
There's a Russian kitchen or restaurant near my office at Citygate in the basement. Always walk past and it's closed or nobody inside majority of the time. Very weird, wonder how they pay the rent.
There's a solid historical reason for this too. Brunei, Malaysia and Singapore used to to part of the same British colonial management. They used the same currency up until independence.
There's a tinyyyy sliver of something just positioning itself into the frame along the right hand side. If you look at the very corner itself of the picture you should be able to see it.
There's a ton of people buying apple products and expensive gaming computers at simlim. Modern gpus like 3080 or 3090 is 2.5-3k sgd. I guess this is mad riches for india what a perspective, damn. Makes you appreciate everything you have.
There's a very large number of things you cannot legally do with your property. The idea that if you own something you can do whatever you want with it is false.
There's actually a solution to the conflicting situation of declining birth rate vs difficulty of raising a child. But, we would have to give up our own happiness and the child. There's always someone who wants a child. Those who actually don't want to are actually a minority, there should not be a push towards one direction or the other. Humans are built to survive, until they don't.
There's already a scanner available to automatically indicate whether you're vaccinated or not, they use it currently for those people that go around with only the TT token.
There's decades of media content that's soviet-bashing, communist-bashing, and straight up American propaganda which has shaped how we see the world. I know a lot of it isn't deliberate. The American media machine has become a juggernaut fueling itself on its own themes and tropes created over the last 100 years. I've been consciously trying to overcome this by diversifying my media diet. I'm honestly a little sick and tired of the naked US-centrism in everything I consume.
There's definitely things that can be done to ease the burden at the frontlines now, mostly administrative to be fair. My argument wasn't really that there is literally NOTHING to be done, but that screaming about opening up right now does nothing for them.
There's katong laksa inside the same mall, as well as the food court at anchorpoint mall though
There's low risk but also low reward. Either way it doesn't matter about the timing really as long as we do it by the end of the day
There's no such thing as a warning shot. Period. The SAF policy is to warn the assailant two times before you are allowed to use force. Unsure about the SPF. Also, if by warning shot you meant a shot up into the sky, please search up on deaths caused by falling bullets.
There's no winning. Brag about being from happyland, adds to the stigma that happyland students are snobs. Don't tell them you're from happyland, they maintain their snobbish views.
There's one mantra in life - if you have no shame and no morals you'll definitely get rich.
There's quite a distinct cultural difference between maritime South East Asia Singapore, MY, ID, PH, BR and somewhat TH vs indonchine south east Asia.
There's racism everywhere- especially in the US. Guess you didn't read last year's news on the George Floyd incident and the recent post- covid Asian-Hate incidents.
There's so many beautiful things in the world to see and experience your focusing on the bad stuff also you can leave Singapore and go somewhere else
There's some tricks to this graphs The vaxxed population among the older age group is significant understand we only have about below 15% of tgis age group not vaccinated? If so then if people who are unvax and die will obviously form a higher percentage. Likewise people who are vax and die will form a lower percentage since there's a lower denominator
There's still big discrepancies between Chinese or christian culture. I do not know if it's just me that feels this way, but somehow the 2 of them combined can quite often bring out the worst, most conservative, backwards aspects of both cultures.
Theres a big difference to compare cultural practice with pop culture break dance moves for example
These 4 languages are a direct result of attempting to be inclusive Just to provide some more info These 4 languages that are chosen also contributes to exclusivity. Not all Chinese speak Mandarin. A lot of locals speak Hokkien, Cantonese, or Teochew. But the diversity is being forced into a box called Speak Mandarin Campaign . Ditto that not all Indians speak Tamil. But the government chose Tamil to represent all Indians. What was most people's original Mother Tongue has been retconned by the government into something else entirely.
These are future doctors we're talking about. It's expected for the typical office worker to behave like that, but definitely not doctors.
These are the kind of parents who will have the mindset of 'malays are lazy,Malays always end up in ITE,ITE is for failures,the mindset of Macdonalds are for Aunties to work and so on'. Those high class parents think their children should not be in ITE,should not work at Macs. They are also the type to never help the disabilities and poor people. Which is why i think singaporean getting more ruder and having no sympathy for one another. We keep on comparing to our neighbour,joke about them?are we any better? Yes we are all stress by our life,we can be unhappy about certain things,but let be grateful that we are still alive and never had any major tragedy.
These bystanders need to goddamn press those emergency button. This is close to murder with those knees on head, punches on kidney, and elbow at the back of head.
These circumstances make this incident so much more painful. Hoping students, teachers and families involved get the emotional and psychological support they need.
These clowns really makes me wonder what reality they live in. They could easily have done it at Hong Lim and not get into trouble. They are just going to end up getting arrested. The only people who are going to support them are those that already support their cause. The message that will come out of this is totally loss for the rest of the general population, what people will remember from this is idiots knowingly protest where they are not supposed to and gets arrested. I forward this picture to 3 of my whatsapp group and literally got that reaction
These days, those found to have committed negligence or offences and crimes don't even admit to their wrong-doings much less commit suicide or even step down.
These kids dabbed the shit out of me during ndp duties, they are pretty exposed to the things on the internet so I think it's safe to say he knew it was a rude gesture. Nonetheless his face was priceless
These people are ridiculous. Did Genghis Khan play Civ IV that's why he tried to conquer the world? Or did Hitler play Genocide Simulator 2? people have always been violent, to blame it on video games is the dumbest thing ever.
These regulations make sense earlier on to me. But now we have over 97% vaccination rate and hospitals are overwhelmed anyway. So what they set out to achieve didn't work or at least isn't relevant anymore. that's the thing about the unpredictability of the human nature. The policy makers did not forsee people panicking and not reading the instructions broadcasted. Why bother continue enforcing regulations that are irrelevant or don't work and for the sake of this 3%, inconveniencing 97% of us vaxxed people to have to continue using TraceTogether? I know TT's other purpose is contact tracing but MOH has already stopped contact tracing for certain protocols so it now seems to me just a fancy vaccine passport now. Well this you've to look from a medical standpoint. The virus is new. Scientist and doctors are still studying it. And to top it off it is mutating into multiple variants. dec 2021 article on covid variants My best guess would be that since there is a multi-million dollar system setup for tracing. why not keep it around, collect data for research or isolation purposes if needed. Until the whole situation is 100% under control. Same thing with the migrant workers. It made sense back in 2020 when they were the majority of the cases. But since then, we are the majority of cases. Is it fair or necessary to coop them up, while we roam free some even with covid ? This is complex. And I'm kinda lazy to go read and research it. But off the top of my head. Think from a decision maker standpoint, not just on covid measures but taking into account every other factors. Example 1. Financial who bear the costs? can we afford? look what happen when GST is increase 2. Societal human rights, riots, lock downs, etc , 3. Construction Industry now build-to-order takes up to 7 years if another epicdemic occur with the workers, our young couples get engage at 20 but only have a home at 30+ ?,cost is a big factor here also when we have companies going under because of covid 4. Manpower now with the strain on healthcare, who's going to take care of the workers if there is another outbreak I'm do not agree or disagree with the measures taken since I did not really look into it. But just to iterate it is a complex one and there is no perfect or fair solution. This kind of decisions are not made from Lee Hsien Loong sipping Mr. Coconut from Istana balcony and dreaming up random ideas. There are teams and teams and groups of people that are constantly debating, monitoring and drafting solutions. In fact if you've some good ideas on what to do, I believe you can write in. I've seen a guy on LinkedIn making some suggestions on the tracetogether app and it actually got implemented. Lastly, while it would be awesome to try and take care of every being on the globe, don't forget the piority of the our government is us, Singaporeans. sorry for the very wordy novel
These religious cocknuts watch too many preacher youtube videos and think they can apply it to real life. Lack of critical thinking mixed in mysiticism and you get this shitshow. Sorry that happened to you.
These sort of people don't be parents better. The world is toxic enough as it is.
They advised you all not to speak to media too partly also to protect you all, if anyone happened to leak misinformation that end up alleging any innocent parties to be the culprit etc, there is a risk of the said person being sued for defamation in the future. Media give no shits or if what they quote out of your mouth gonna get you in trouble or not.
They already banned non citizens and PRs with travel history to India. They also banned transit for the same group of people. The only ones coming back on these flights are SC or PR. India is not allowing SQ flights so it's not a matter of whether SGP government wants to launch or charter flights. There's also cargo movement from these flights which are vital to SGP.
They already have. I've noticed since around Sep-Oct 2021 the workers have been taking public transports and no one give a 2nd look. There's really no point. They're vaccinated. Just let them have some 'me' time outside work
They already tried the diplomatic route, legal route, monetary route dangling economic incentives and benefits for Ukraine, campaigning for political change etc and have been doing so since 2008. Crimea was already previously invaded . They have no other response left but a military one. They are primarily a military power after all, and an old world power at that. They have been complaining about a eastward NATO expansion for decades. The real solution was for NATO to not play politics with Russia via Ukraine. Russia has been fending off western advances from Nazi Germany , all the way back to Napolean. They are very concerned when they see the west moving east towards them.
They also own the cars. Grab doesn't have anything concrete. If good engineers and right culture go to comfort it should easily beat Grab.
They are assuming all Indians cook curry at home, this is just stupid stereotyping that shouldn't exist in a supposedly first world nation
They are authorised to go one-up on the assailant as far as i know. If someone's coming at them with a knife they're not gonna take their chances with a taser or baton
They are correct, cause to them healthcare worker are just numbers. Do the numbers look alright? Totally acceptable! On the ground however, most people i know are like slogging along, feeling the pain and suffering but carrying on cause they know what is at stake. Is it healthy? Definitely not! How many will give up soon? Maybe some, but most are thinking about it.
They are here as a tool only, to build or maintain our environment in exchange for a crappy salary. The treatment of these guys during this pandemic has been nothing short of abysmal, highlighting something that was an uncomfortable truth beforehand into a raging sore now. There is no justification for segregating the population - the fact cases were 'community cases' or 'dorm cases' shows how bad the problem is. We never locked down a whole HDB block when a case emerged there, why did we do it for the poor bastards living in dormitories? Only because they can't vote and the average Singaporean thinks so lowly of these guys. Sad but true.
They are here to wipe us off the face of the earth. All the more reason to fight back. I'm no Rambo and neither will I pretend to be one, but I know bending over without a fight in a 'do or die' is the stupidest decision ever
They are like 4x older than secondary school age children, yet here they are trash talking. How can we trust such immature people to run our government?
they are perfectly clear. and they are doing to you, what they are supposed to do. enjoy your day standing in front of the signs.
They are proportional but they are scaring people that non vax has more people dying which may not be the case If you looked at the chart you may think non vax deaths vax deaths. Wouldnt the reveal of the number by count makes it more accurate?
They are struggling, but the part where the author seems to imply covid measures are being loosened is completely false. They're doing themselves a disservice by implying a falsehood.
They are targeting young adult who are between polytechnic and JC to like University who supposedly reads a lot. Can confirm because i graduated 2 years back and till now they are still approaching me because i look young and like I still read books or study and then gets shocked when I am a proper full time working adult not a part timer ? , I remember one of them even asked and I left them shocked
They are trained to continue talking to you when you turn them down initially. Tell them firmly you need to learn to take no for an answer .
They are venomous as well but their fangs are not thick enough to penetrate our skin. Most spiders are venomous but only a few is dangerous to humans.
They are very persistent and will use all kinds of weird tricks to get you to stop and talk to them. Sometimes they'll even walk alongside you if you decide to ignore them and keep walking. It got to the point whereby I had to take alternative modes of transport because I couldn't bear having to face them.
they aren't bombing air strips cause they want to use it themselves. Just like the fighting over antonov airport.
They aren't vaxxed, they aren't allowed to enter. It's in the title. And this is from the news Those who have recovered from covid, or have a valid negative pre-event test result, are also considered fully vaccinated. It's just bad wording.
They arent diverse friendly my guy. theyre discriminating against an entire race. Thats not a just one race thing. Its a what the fuck, one WHOLE RACE . In case its not clear, discriminating against an entire race is fucked up. Its in the pledge my guy. The Singaporean Pledge? The one all of us took every day in school? Its not that there is a wide range of acceptance, but that there is even a discrimination by race in the first place! I do not know what copium u gotta be on but discrimination in any amount is bad. And stop comparing this shit to investing. They are people. Humans. Same as you and me. Not stocks. Have some empathy and not think of discriminating against people like a buisness transaction. Sorry that im riled up, but the way you describe your stance makes it come across as the delusional mental gymnastics an entitled person lives in. Tho it could just be me being a minority making me sensitive to these issues. I do not know who decided to take the effort to downvote everything ive ever commented or posted but. im flattered you decided I matter that much to you
They attempted to get me to give them an allowance, but I simply laughed in their face. No, but I wouldn't be surprised if they filed.
They better jail and fine those responsible for this mess or else more people will feel like you. I think it's time for the government to reconsider allowing these karaoke lounge establishments to exist or ring them in stronger from here on.
They better sell mopc, that drink is the best drink ever. IYKYK. If you don't google it.
They call you a hater for pointing out the green milk is clearly spoilt and inedible .
They call you modern heroes but it's sounding more like modern slaves. Please do let us know if there's anything else each of us can do to help aside from clapping, being respectful which should already be a given, and not rushing to the hospitals for non-urgent care . I've recently joined a volunteer group and can help to suggest some programs to help.
They can but i think as aoon as the vaccintions for 5 to 12 year olds are out, they will start clamping down on that area as well.
They can get an appointment with an allergist to determine whether they can get covid Vaccination but yeah this wont help those who really cannot get the vaccine even after the appointment.
They can ignore it. To my understanding 377A is a public law, so you can only be be prosecuted by a public prosecutor. The AG could simply not file a case.
They can just send a plane and take their citizens out of a doomed situation if war ever comes to us.
They can say that because people support teams, but don't say I'm one of the sole reason the team won The point of my comment is don't self-credit inaction not don't cheer or record
They cant, otherwise they have to pay us all to sit at home and twiddle our thumbs for another month
They changed the gun emoji to be a water pistol. It's the little ways tech companies try to manipulate things. It would make sense if they changed the other weapon emojis also, but they didn't.
They contribute by winning the life lottery of being born here which automatically make them superior
They could have found a better way to make their intentions known instead of resorting to illegal tactics. I mean, I'm all for that but it would be very helpful if all the people suggesting this here would explain what those better ways are that have not already been tried to no success.
They could teach that sex should be reserved for a committed partnership in adulthood with someone you love, married or otherwise. And teach responsibility in relationships, and how children can result from certain sex acts, and tell them not to abandon their partners when they're pregnant. Many single mothers were abandoned by their husbands, so marriage doesn't even solve that problem.
They definitely need higher pay, better respect from the public, and a government that doesn't treat them like expendable resource that can be supplanted with military resources if need be. Not just that, once we have the capacity to relieve them of this pandemic effort in any way, we better give them well deserved breaks. It can be anything at any time at any cost, but we better rejuvenate them before they snap and leave us even less capable and snowball into a disaster.
They did increase call pay for junior doctors as of 1 Jan 2022 but not entirely sure that was covid related. Probably had been in the works for a while
They didn't have the balls to do it before the hospital system almost got overwhelmed, but better late than never I guess.
They dismantled their national service resulting in the 2014 takeover of crimea. Military deterrent must always be a nations first line of defence, not diplomacy.
They do not face any real and credible threat of prosecution under Section 377A at this time and therefore do not have standing to pursue their constitutional challenges to that provision, said the Chief Justice. So basically, CJ Menon is saying not my problem, let future generation take care of it . What kind of moral signal is this sending?
They don't care about people at all. Look at how they jump to help businesses with everything, then leave it to them to pass on anything to workers. Jobless? Don't help directly, but instead give money to businesses to provide internship. Old people? Don't help directly, give money to random programs and wait for old people to go to them.
They don't need to attract us with more pay when they can just trap us with a crazy expensive bond
They don't see us as people, just sheep to be managed like in some video game simulator. I wonder how many Ministers ever worked in an entry level job for some shitty abusive SME boss before and not parachuted into cushy government-linked company roles as pRivAte sEctOr eXpEriEncE .
They don't though! None of them do. At least they're not burning people alive anymore. Well, not here.
they dont even walk the ground, what do you expect the shit has to be tanked by the people on the ground to the nurses and doctors out there, just quit your job if you dont feel good or are dying. you can be re-employed again
they dont hv all the details and they scared later student leak possibly wrong info st or cna prob outside yr sch alr edit dont talk to reporters
They dont need POFMA. This is gonna be one of those news that will remain on and only.
they dont walk the ground, what do you expect sadly the brunt is on our poor nurses
they eating sashimi in their swimming pool while I'm eating beans on toast for breakfast in my underwear at home
they even own a big piece of Suntec. They initially plan to buy the entire suntec city convention center. and this is why the authorities and public find it weird like HOW DO YOU GET THESE MONEY
they expect him to take his dumplings, fly to Moscow and throw those dumplings at putin till he pulls out Russian army from Ukraine soil. with little knowledge about geopolitics, I say they are extremely naive cues Jiang Zhe Ming scolding a reporter naive
They freking love exploring. They cost sentosa thousands in lost koi every year and its hilarious.
They get their commission only after you signed up, they have to take photo of my subscribed account yeah I gave my CC to subscribe
They had 1-2 years to prepare for a surge and they did nothing. Why should the citizenry suffer from MOH's lack of action.
They have but still not enough hospital beds for lower-middle income families demand for B class ward and below meanwhile we have more and more airport terminals throughout the years.
They have the sense to tell whether you're trolling or not, yet they don't have the sense to get vaccinated. Strange world.
They have their hands tied unfortunately. Some of them want to help but due to limitations set by the school and parents they can't do much. Or some just really don't care.
They have thousands of people passing by. Do you really think they would feel offended if you, one out of those thousands of people, would say no to them and walked past? There's literally nothing you should buy on the street. Worst case ask to take a brochure and to think it over at home.
they just achieved the impossible, if she wasn't on the verge of crying in joy that'll be weird. So happy for SK , everything backfired so badly
They just relaxed the rules for vaccination a month or so back so people like my father could get vaccinated. There should be a slight uptick from that. But yeah those who damn stubborn don't want to vaccinate then really cannot help them.
They just updated and said it's secondary 1 student that is the victim and a secondary 4 is assisting the police.
They keep allowing imports from high risk areas and now with this mess, the obedient citizen has to pay for price and here the government told everyone to remind vigilant and they are the one underestimate the situation.
They keep saying is a us problem then do all those restrictions. To be honest, this is a you the government. They seem too relax on prevention and border control. So now shit hits the fan, all restrict restrict and outbreak control which could had prevented . So why not start the restriction for yourself too? So how's banning the flights from india coming about?
they keep saying that we cannot afford to close our borders for long because The Economy but it's average singaporeans and singaporean fresh grads that get hit hard when we do have to lock down
they knew what would happen and were ready for it. what matters now is if the public outrage and the conversations everyone will be having will be enough to pressure change. and if it doesn't, at least more people are more aware of the struggles lgbtq students face within our education system. solidarity with these brave protestors
They know it's an archaic law. We know it's an archaic law. The entire purpose of retaining the law is to appease the conservative voters. Getting rid of this law would make the government very unpopular. Numerous parliamentarians spoke up in favour of retaining Section 377A, often on the ground of safeguarding societal morality and with the recognition that a sizable segment of our society regards homosexual behaviour as unacceptable, said Chief Justice Menon.
They like their SAF generals and OCs too much. people who will ask how high when you say jump
They lose the majority of their income. Healthcare workers get worked to the bone and treated like shit by others. Neither is enviable
They missed by such a small margin. I'm sure next election WP will gain East Coast. Amazing effort.
They must be thinking what a waste Jamus joined WP instead of pap. Jamus is a gem. First saw him on MSM already very impressed by him. After Jamus joined WP that msm stop inviting Jamus on their show.
They need to appear to be doing something and create a group of people to blame. Hit the nail on the head. Can't believe people are so gullible.
They need to appear to be doing something and create a group of people to blame. When currently even vaccinated people are catching the virus and dying. And they still banging the blame due to the unvaccinated. There is possibly a reason why they don't show the % of people who caught covid who are vaccinated or unvaccinated. Anyway.time will tell
They only stepped down at Suntec showdown because they got what they wanted for homosexuality to be scrapped from sex education. They lost the battle but won the war. If you heard the podcast, when the new guard took over, they actually ransacked the entire HQ for that specific portion of the sex education curriculum. They were literally obssessed with it. Afterwards, Ministry of Education changed the vendor and stopped engaging with AWARE to provide sex education
They pretty much already do? Do have a solution to suggest or is your only action in life to pee in a toxic pool
They really need to open up the purse and improve the salary for all healthcare worker during this extraordinary times. Put in better working shift timings for workers and not expect all to work long hours. In the budget, they are drawing from reserves for covid public health expenditure so I hope a portion of this goes to these essential workers. Things will improve so much if they just focus on these two things.
They say Singaporeans need to practice SafeEntry. They never say government need to practice SafeEntry. I am being sarcastic We can only hope the electorate get pissed off enough and hand over a few GRCs to increase the voices in Parliament, keeping the government from being complacent and playing with people's lives and livelihood. We only had a GE not so long ago. people will forget the shit by the next GE. They probably can afford to be reactive. They don't need to lecture us on vigilance. We stay vigilant for our own sake, and for the more responsible, for our community and our people's sake. Its not like most of us actively want to get and spread covid.
they see some videos about stat or graph can lie but did not really understand the gist of those videos
They should just be honest and put, Please marry to those of the opposite sex and have children. Honestly, the system is so biased towards married couples, I wouldn't be surprised if people are marrying solely for convenience. yes, convenience marriages, what an excellent environment to raise children.
They should switch to the other platforms. Gojek giving people free rides to support vaccination. RYDE has a campaign now to help out hawkers. Grab is
They sleep very well in their nice houses where even with cheebye, they have no financial worries, they have a nice house with all available luxuries to weather the lockdown. The families living in 2 room flats which are cramped, the parents losing their jobs? Just throw some financial aid at them but always remind them that their situation is because of their own fault. Last time never study, never work hard.
They take the vast majority of healthcare resources To quote again As for intensive care unit beds, these are disproportionately occupied by seniors aged 60 and above who are unvaccinated or partially vaccinated. They represent 1.5 per cent of our total population, but currently account for two-thirds of the patients requiring intensive care unit care, So the focus makes alll the sense in the world since all restrictions are currently based on protecting the healthcare system
They think Indians will cook curry, the curry smells penetrate the walls and when they move out the landlord needs to spend extra money removing the scent. Of course, not all Indians cook curry at home. The common sense thing to do is for the government to ban such racist ads and landlords can instead put in the contract that cooking food with strong smells is against rules, take money out of deposit if smell penetrates walls. This is what would happen in other countries.
They too scared to use the words cheebye again but they not scared to let the Indian mutation in.
They using the elderly not vaccinated enough to force us back into this crazy dystopian living. What. The. Fuck. If the elderly by NOW, not vaccinated IS THEIR OWN CHOICE. No amount of cringey hokkien, teochew, canto ad is going to make them take the vaccine!?!?!?!?!?!?!? FUCK.
They very smart. Edmw kept giving fantastic suggestions on how and who sucks and they advise is so much better or WP can do much much better jobs.
They were also at the LRT Dude asked me if I know or heard of Storytel and I told him yeah, online. When he tried to ask me more stuff, I told him I need to rush somewhere. The end. Usually if you say you are in a rush or just act like you're in a rush, they won't continue one.
They will be their own undoing. One can stand with human rights and still see that their method will not work. Lgbts like to play brinkmanship Yo you're with me or AGAINST ME brother.
They will have to face the burnout again later when the government try to reopen. Or, you know, wait till Singapore is past its Omicron peak before lifting restrictions. Most countries that are reopened did just that, namely the UK and Sweden.
They will simply move to another platform where they can make more money than grab. Or find another job. That's how the market works and it works out in the long run, in a sound economy.
They will tell the citizens that the military is coping well even if we're getting blasted while they seek asylum in some other country
They'll usually redraw or gerrymander those areas that they almost lost. Opposition wards they'll leave it alone as it'll look overly bad and obvious
They're always been here. They're miserable and they want to drag the rest of us down with them.
They're not higher risk than malls, but does that mean there should be no restrictions on malls? What kind of restrictions do you suggest for public transport?
They're only getting 31 minutes of sleep less than the top country. Correct me if I'm wrong, but that doesn't really seem like a lot?
They're our brothers. people harp on racial issues but at the end of the day. They never tried to attack us. It's all scaremongering by folks in power. Remember. No one wants war. Its obvious from both sides of this conflict. But power corrupts. Absolutely.
They're probably expressing surprise to find a Malay in JC and university. That's a super idiotic remark from a small minded person living in a hole. Let them be. You're bigger than them.
They're putting everyone thru pain just to get at the boomers. If inconvenience is the aim, why not just stop boomers from going out? Put age in the safe entry, and deny them. Stop holding us all hostage what the fuck
They're talking about a roadmap and not doing anything Or rather, they claim they have a roadmap but who knows what is going on since there is still no sign of any roadmap.
They're the only ones who actually has enough clout and incentive to make the government take note. They have 0 clout or interest. These governments are happy to have their hands free of them, and also get some contribution to their income in return. Like Singapore, they don't want to risk losing this competitive advantage and lead to Singapore getting cheap labour from other countries with lower regulatory risk. So yeah, they're definitely to blame too, but they have no incentive to do anything in a globalised economy. It's all kinds of fucked up that governments are willing to play hot potato with people's welfare.
They've been wearing the Singapore flag for so long YMY has done so for 15 years and TIL her medal count is absurd and they're being judged by people who have done absolutely nothing for this country.
Thing is though, they just did a total revamp of the comfort app not long ago as well.
Thing is, a lot of doctors actually want to aspire to become something more than just money making. Not sure how big of a thing clinician researcher is in Singapore, but in other countries being in University hospitals is the aspiring thing to do. Becoming professor and teach future medical students, get involved in frontier medicine and lead clinical research is the most aspiring. You don't get that if you go private clinic or just do locum. Sure you may earn more if you go private or open a clinic, but you will be reading the new guidelines, not the ones making the new guidelines.
Thing is, this do be a consent form for sex ed for secondary 2 students, which said lqbtq students have to sit through
Thing is, under-12s are innately quite unlikely to suffer serious harm from the virus, as anti-vaxers love to point out. Thus, there is less of a compelling reason to keep them out of higher-risk environments. The concern is more about them spreading it to others if they catch it, whereas the concern for people medically unable to get the vaccine is for their own safety as well as those of others.
Things could have changed by now. It's been years since I operationally ready date'ed. But let's just say eating there is something you would do only as a last resort. At least that's for the stations. The training centres on the other hand, it's really good!
Think about it. They have kept Sengkang divided for over 20 years by constantly redrawing the electoral lines. Punggol East SMC does not even cover any part of Punggol, and is in actual fact Sengkang East. It is also the only ward to have had an opposition victory outside the WP stronghold of Hougang-Aljunied and SDP's single seat during said period. So why then, after all this gerrymandering, have they finally decided to properly unite Sengkang as a whole under its own GRC if they weren't anything but confident now?
think as a society, the younger the generation, the higher level we aspire to attain in maslow's hierarchy of needs.
Think if the situation gets worse, that will be the next thing up for the chopping block in terms of restrictions. Gyms died first before swimming pools the first time around.
Think of it as less of a loss and more of a step towards a win. Look at how close they were even with HSK in the People's Action Party team. Next election maybe?
think they will bail or actually can bail. ICA will immediately station staff, police etc at all potential exit points to prevent any NSman from getting out.
Think this guy is trained in MMA or watch UFC or something with all the elbow strikes and all that ground and pound game but seriously what's the beef between between them?
Think we established official diplomatic ties with PRC, soon after Tiananmen. Then increased our FDI towards, as a show of support. While the rest of the world pulled out in horror.
Think you may be exempted, as are kids under 11, and those with a negative test under the new rules
This 1 can shoot without firing the warning shot. I wondered how many charges he will receive?
This also happened in a prestigious school too in a sense,not RI ACS level, but you have parents from good bg who would never expect their kids to face cases like these.
This article assumes the ultimate goal in life is to work for 40 years in a job that you hate. So you can restore peacefully. It's a reasonable assumption that in your entire adult life you have some good times . Maybe you take a vacation. Or god forbid you enjoy your work.
This blatant racism is evident in my parents gen and above. The comments they make about indians are pretty fuck up. I will not let this continue to my children.
This brings back memories of BMT where everyone had to give a sample of their signature before we went back to the bunk, and we kept having to redo the whole form whenever someone accidentally signed the line.
This channel is super interesting. They will let them experience food from other countries, cultures, shows, perhaps music, and just to film that astonishment of how they react to things that we take for granted.
This comment should be pinned at the top of this post so idiots can stop commenting what the fuck why nobody help .
this comment upvoted by all the ethnic majority because it solely places the blame on the minority for letting the racist win . you're really going to say it is the oppressed's job to do something about this? you don't think the first step should be educating racists and condeming their actions? nah let's tell these young boys and girls that by trying to fit in and trying to avoid getting bullied the only way they know how, they have failed themselves and their culture. delete this shit man
This could really kill off some f&b operations. For those of you who can afford it please do try and support them if convenient, especially our hawkers. A lot of the older hawkers do not know how to operate with delivery services so for now take out is their only way.
This doesn't even make sense because the opposition is not the one with a supermajority in the Parliament having free will to pass any bill they want.
This doesn't just happen in SMEs. government is just as braindead. I was forced to use my AL when I had covid because even after testing positive on PCR, MOH glitched something up and gave me a discharge letter 2 days after my PCR test. So my HR says too bad.you can't come back because you may still be positive but you have to use AL because your discharge summary says you are discharged. Big brain stuff really. And this is government healthcare, where they should really know better.
This doesn't just sound like typical homophobia from the government. It sounds like PM Lee wanting to save the precious birth rate, with the emphasis on heterosexual
This doesn't seem any worse than American life. If anything I think the required NS would be an improvement.
This entire thread is just depressing seeing how commonplace and casually accepted child abuse is in asian households.
this extends to university also, which course you go to be exact. Isnt university suppose to be for you to choose which field you want to go to in the future? Be it medicine, engineering, fine arts, media etc., its your choice man. I got a 82.5 for A levels, and I decided to not go into NUS or NTU and to SIT because i specifically want to join the games industry. And because my 82.5 could get me into 'good money making fields' but i chose otherwise, my extended family shit on me for it. Going to graduate and i still get comments of 'why i didnt accept NUS or NTU computer science? Why no apply for accounting?' My brother also got 82.75 for A levels. Gonna go to wee kim wee because he wants to, and also get shit on for not pursuing engineering or sciences. Fam keeps asking him to swap degree. Meanwhile, cousins who chose engineering by choice get praised for 'being smart and knowing what to do with their lives'. Success and respect also comes from not only the degree you hold, but the field the degree is for.
This feller turned out to be what many MAGA followers hoped Trump would turn out to be. Instead .
This guy is a fucking badass mofo and I've never respected a world leader more and I probably never will.
This guy is also a covid fearmongerer so Really shows his grasps of facts n logic.
This guy is getting a 1 way ticket to president's pleasure. No way is he not getting that. He is under 18 and if he killed the first guy to take a piss. It means he isnt mentally sound. That much is very safe to assume. Sad to think that the secondary 1 could have got rejected from RVHS, Got an MC, or just went to take a piss later. Jus imagine to poor guy, finish studying math or something needed to wash up and gets murdered. Just 1 unpopular opinion is how the media portray the school. They kept mentioning IP school for integrated program. Jus makes it sound different leading people to think differently of the school eventhough it's just one student ruining their reputation.
This guy never learned that just because you have the skill and knowledge to physically hurt someone, doesn't mean that you should.
This guy's meme will be the highlight for at least a few years of NDP in the future.
This guys probably has not worked a single day in the private sector. Probably a cushy job in NTUC and grassroots advisor position in Sengkang
This half arsed cheebye makes the authorities look like cocks And in the end we're the ones being fucked
This happens to some extent in the U.S. as well. I live in a very well off area and if you're not from the area the older generation adults look down on you.
This has been repeated so many times it's so stupid. A brief search on apartment rental websites and you will see landlords stating their preferences for different ethnicities and nationalities. Yet people who love to bring out the race card conveniently leave out this fact. Cue all the LARPing, suspicious accounts that have been inactive for a few weeks specifically commenting on racial issues, the instant vote brigading and notice how quick the comments come flooding in. Within 5 minutes I found this Room only for Indian, Other race please excuse. edit Instant downvote brigading. Whoever's reading this right now, watch it in real time.
This has been repeated so many times it's so stupid. A brief search on apartment rental websites and you will see preferences from landlords stating their preferences for different ethnicities and nationalities. This has always been there and it is not exclusive to just Indians. yea no shit they're doing that, because the other indians cant get a fucking place to rent because the other races are not renting their places out to indians Malaysians, Filipinos, males, people of different nationalities and ethnicities all can't get a place then? They must all be living in the streets? I am being sarcastic
This has happened to me quite a bit but I realised that it's better to just not say anything or try to justify myself. Nothing I can say will change their minds so it's pointless. What I find most funny is that in my case, most of the people doing that to me are themselves participating in activities considered as sinful as fuck Muslims, you know what I mean . Some other comments already highlighted about how Islam is tied heavily to the Malay cultural identity. people always assumed I have to eat halal even after I mentioned repeatedly that I'm a non-believer. There was a time when I lived in fear of my family finding out because it's very plausible that would mean my connection to them and extended family will be severed. My chinese then-girlfriend had a hard time processing just how bad them finding out is. During NS, a lot of my muslims mates essentially isolated themselves from me after finding out about that.
this has to be the most accurate summation ive ever seen of any political account in my while life.
This has to do with the Principle of Social Proof! The same reason why a lady was murdered in a NY suburb or neighborhood while everyone just watched they all thought someone else was calling 911! When we are in uncertain situations we will look at what others are doing and follow this behaviour. It is easily broken though if you single out someone and say, You, this is an emergency and I need YOUR help! edit Sorry I read the parent comment to this after I wrote this, so just consider this an appendix to that one and sorry probably didn't use the best example, here are some more
This have yet to apply to me, because I sleep at 9.30pm to 5.45am. But seeing how tired my schoolmates are, some even complain while others act proud that they can stay up all night, I really think we have a messed up sleep schedule. If my friends are like this, what will happen in the future?
This hits so fucking hard man. My heart goes out to people stuck in their abusive households.
This I feel is just Singapore government way of reminding locals that if you arent willing to procreate then you have no value, no rights and deserve to be discriminated.
This illustrates the case for not giving pointless or endless boosters to people younger than 50 or 40. Of course there will be some who say death is not the only effect of covid but that flies in the face of endemic living and 'treating it like the flu'. To better show how endemic living should be, it might help to pull up the number of flu cases and the mortality rate in 2019 as compared to our current covid situation.
This is a better life than most people in the world to be honest. And this description can be applied to most people in developed countries as well.
This is a big issue regardless of country or race. Time to listen to Stand out, fit in by One Ok Rock again.
This is a direct threat to life the knife may cause death. Based on risk assessment, it is justifiable to use firearms.
This is a point that has interested me in the past. An average age doesn't mean that is the time you'll die. It is actually a complex issue. You can see the odds of dying for Americans . America's life expectancy is about 79 and it breaks it down by race and sex.
This is a racist country. And the people excusing and downplaying the racism are complicit and guilty of harm. Cue the downvotes from butthurt Chinese now. I say this as a fellow Singaporean Indian whose ben constantly told I'm not Singaporean because i didn't study in the local system and don't have the accepted Singlish accent. Fuck these people. I'm going to find a better country to live in and you should too.
This is a revelation to me as a non Chinese. There's a dowry culture in Singapore?
This is a sign that people are pissed off at the government. Notice this year not many people decorate their car or put flags out? Should make a meme of the boy gangster life
This is a strawman argument based on the MASSIVE assumption that the owner is a perfectly rational actor that'd look to maximize rental yield to the last cent. people are willing to pay a lot to hold on to their beliefs, especially if it makes them feel better about themselves. Look at all the people giving Iris Koh their money to begin with. So please, just fuck off.
This is a stupid mentality built from birth when schools force kids to produce an MC when they want to take sick leave. Yes, some people are assholes and will do sickies. However, the vast majority are responsible. If they want to take 1 day off to get better, why the hell not? It's different if it's 2 weeks sick leave that you'll probably want your employee to visit a doctor , but I just can't understand this silly tradition of trudging to a GP just for the GP to say yea, you have a fever take 1 day off.
This is a very good observation. Almost like a form of survivorship bias. The ones who are gone won't be complaining anymore, leaving the ones who haven't done anything about it.
this is a very good sign, this will let fence sitters see that it is not a bad thing to have more oppo in parliament, particularly WP have shaped up to be a credible oppo over the years, but why couldnt the rest of the oppo just consolidate and just join WP or SDP or PSP? why cant they see that now WP has become a credible brand that even some People's Action Party supporters have start to recognise?
This is a very interesting summation. But it's summarizing too much and making too much assumption. There are a lot of assumptions that, while true, are completely manageable or preventable. You study What you study and how you study will play a very very important part of your future life. Well, it can be recouped so you will never be at a dead end. It's just that if you start off the beaten path, you need to put in more effort that's all. You serve NS No comment here. We all lan lan have to serve have to serve. fall in love, married and start up a family I see a lot of people nowadays not even having this. So it's definitely not a norm. It's expected yes, but not a norm now. Wedding cost As what a lot of people say, wedding costs are user-defined. You want big big hotel wedding, it costs money. You want just you and your spouse overseas honeymoon that's it, it costs less. Cost of House cpf OA will be depleted totally Your cpf OA being depleted is natural. It's being treated as investing in your own house that you one day might sell and recoup the loss. The logic might not make sense, but technically the math does. every month of your cpf will not be able to save and accumulate cpf interests This one assumes too many things. That you are using 100% of your contribution to pay the loan. That you are unable to generate more income over the course of your life. That your financing of the loan is such that you are literally squeezing yourself dry with no backup cash. This is not sound financial advice. Also, again, the investment from the payment is supposed to go into your house which usually appreciates in value way more than the interest rate from the cpf. Finance experts please correct me if I am wrong So 25 years finally finish and your house is fully paid up This is the best-case scenario. I've seen people my own family included just keep shifting houses and end up with loans that they have to pay till they are 65 or more. This is where the majority of the money drain comes from. Not from your house, but the loan you use to purchase the house that you probably cannot afford. Granted housing is getting more and more expensive every year which translates to more money for people with houses , but that's another problem. cpf OA account is empty Again, why is it empty? How much are you paying per month versus how much are you putting into cpf per month? There is no explanation for this. Only an assumption. I'm not faulting people who had higher income before but ended up with lower income due to extenuating circumstances due to things like illnesses. But the majority of the people should not be in this situation. you still need to work until you die Where did all the money you personally saved go? Can't possibly all go to wedding or housing loan right? Cause if it is, it's poor financial planning. sell back their flats and lease to downgrade in order to survive Why is this a bad thing? For example, a couple with 3 kids will want to live in a 4-5 room flat. But when their kids grow up and have their own house married or 35 , the parents have no use for a 4-5 room flat. Hard to clean also. Why not move to a 3-room or smaller? You get cashback and less wasted space that you have to clean. So in conclusion. I'm not saying this article is full of shit. There are many many assumptions that are made that are very real and present in many Singaporeans. But the question is, why? Why were they in that position in the first place?
This is a very life changing program ever since I joined them I have evolved into the most enlightened person ever. I have seen God in heaven up close personally, he held me in his hands and told me that he would always be there for me. From the looks in his eyes I knew that everything was going to be alright. In the past year I've lost all four limbs, my eyes, half my liver and about 3 million dollars in fortune. Luckily all it took was three easy payments of $30,999 to see God! I'll rate 11 or 10 what a steal, seriously. I will definitely recommend this to all my friends. Gtg now guys, I am being chased out of macdonalds for stealing their free WiFi services because I'm too broke to get food. I'll see ya in a bit if I manage to get to the nearest MRT station in about an hour.
This is a very thoughtful comment. In the midst of discussions about racism, we should remember that the action of the person belongs to that person alone. We should be cautious about overgeneralizing it to any group of population and turn it into a race war in Singapore.
This is absolutely us taking a side, because if we don't take Ukraine's side while they are being invaded, no one will take our side when we are being invaded.
This is actually a pretty accurate list of reasons that government would cite. Bunch of things that won't move the needle much
This is also for selected countries. If south korea ain't even on the list then I won't even bother
This is amazing! I've never envisioned a swimming Merlion but if I do, this is it. This is a beautiful piece of art work and it def makes me think of home Question. r these Bishan or Marina Bay gang otters?
This is by design. Sleep deprived kids are far less energetic, and more docile. It doesn't matter that your ability to learn is impacted, because you're only there to become an obedient worker - not to become particularly good at something, or, honk forbid, train your critical faculties.
This is clever marketing. Well done! Just downloaded app. Much cleaner and simpler than Grab. Will give it a try.
This is exactly how I can tell you've never received any formal military training and are very likely a non-singaporean. Half the entire syllabus of modern military tactics revolve around operations in urbanised areas. Every military man is taught to be as discerning as they can in situations like this, but expect collateral damage in a real scenario. War is not pretty, not everything in real life happens like the fantasy you may have in your head. We don't have to condone actions by the russian military, but to paint every individual soldier in the same colour as a mass murderer is a fool's endeavour.
This is exactly the type of firm, science-based stand we need. Truly something to be proud of
This is exactly what he's saying to not do. Stop saying everyone is racist. That is an excuse. You need to hold people accountable instead of getting offended when other bring up there experience. When did he say it's not hard for a Chinese person in America? What do you feel you are bringing to this discussion?
This is exactly what the Russian side wants to paint our stance. We are not siding with the West and they are trying to paint this as a Us vs Them issue, when fundamentally it is about respecting territorial integrity and sovereignty.
this is extremely confusing. This law cannot be challenged, because the AG himself says that it's such a bad law that it cannot be enforced!
This is for a hospital setting and the last line in the article sums it up - Our findings suggest that environmental contamination leading to SARS-CoV-2 transmission is unlikely to occur in real-life conditions, provided that standard cleaning procedures and precautions are enforced. If a person is carrying goods or stuff inside his luggage which presents a good environment for the virus to breed then it can be transmitted later because currently there is no fogging or uv treatment done for goods inside the luggage. Read this Quote - However, the research from Australian agency CSIRO found the virus was extremely robust, surviving for 28 days on smooth surfaces such as glass found on mobile phone screens and both plastic and paper banknotes, when kept at 20C 68F , which is about room temperature, and in the dark. In comparison, the flu virus can survive in the same circumstances for 17 days. The study, published in Virology Journal, also found SARS-Cov-2 survived for less time at hotter temperatures than cooler temperatures it stopped being infectious within 24 hours at 40C on some surfaces. It also stayed longer on smooth, non-porous surfaces than on porous materials such as cloth, which was found not to carry any infectious virus past 14 days Inside luggage which would be dark, damp and and about 20-25 degrees, there is a good possibility of the virus staying on. The reason I thought this is the case is because of that indian researcher who developed symptoms immediately after going home from quarantine. I guess the only thing which he would have done is probably opened up some bags which he hadn't opened until now.
this is fucking funny. To all those who think we should stop sharing go fuck yourself
This is fucking hilarious , few weeks ago people were bitching about how the 3rd jab was the government overdoing it. If he government starts restriction again, people will bitch and moan while at the same time bitch and moan about how the healthcare system is overburdened. Actual insufferable fucking morons.
This is getting dumb, they are just going back on their own words. FFS, the plan is to have no plan and just wait and see, nice job.
This is getting ridiculous. We are among the most vaccinated countries in the world, no one in the intensive care unit, and yet we're under some of the strictest measures
this is going to be an unpopular comment but it's a hard truth. this Zelenskyy is a joke, a very good egoistic actor and know only how to frame everything to make him look good. he's a coward hiding, only coming out for photo opp when there is no enemy troops around. so it's really a disgrace to use him as a frame of reference.
This is good news, isn't it? Hawkers being paid a living wage. Next is to ask yo boss to up your salary so you can afford to eat YTF
This is good, but please also notice and make it a point to call bad behaviour out. Minority individuals are ofte seen as representatives of their entire communities. I think in this case it is something the majority should also share.
this is great! maybe i'd move and progress to the last line so it's more balanced out but i'm not sure about all the end rhymes perhaps consider so as to achieve prosperity and prosperity and also prosperity for the ruling party edit
This is hilarious revisionist history. The US spent decades supporting Pakistan and telling India to solve its own problems with regard to India-China border disputes that are essentially 100% China encroaching on Indian territory . But you expect India to forget whose side the US took in 1981 and expect the US to remain a firm ally in the future? You back another country in a war and most countries have long memories when it comes to that sort of thing.
This is home, really, everything's about money Pay for car, house, university Where our bank loans always grow
This is home, truly, where I know I shouldn't be, where my dreams will leave me, where the drains will clog and flood.
This is honestly fucking ridiculous. We cannot piss ourselves everytime there is a spike like this over the next decade. At this point, I'm legitimately considering going overseas for work. It's not worth wasting my youth here when we can't do anything with our time and our timid government.
This is how Singapore's culture has been constructed from top to bottom. It's a good thing there are 16-year-olds like you who are sufficiently self-aware. Hopefully each passing generation will be a little better than the previous one.
This is how we know which company is the good company we should put our money on. ComfortDelGro goes stonks
This is If you don't say 'Singaporeans are bad, People's Action Party is bad', you'll get downvoted to hell
This is just as wild as that thing about neckties being haram because they look like a cross.
This is just prolonging the restrictions for the rest. If the unvaccinated don't want protection, why do we still want to inconvenient the rest with all these safe entry nonsense.
This is like asking government to ban FT which they won't do because this is where money come in. You must be surprise how many India programmers in Singapore out there.
This is like having someone hold a gun to your head and tell you not to worry because it's not loaded and they have no intention to pull the trigger
This is messed up on all accounts. I sincerely hope someone really brings attention to this. Dude will eventually meet someone well acquainted in the ring or cage and he would be regretting his actions then.
This is more like phase 1.5 to be honest. Like can gather in 5 people but no gym
This is more the words of a loser. The cpf savings getting wiped out is pretty much a personal choice. BTOs are not that expensive as long as you actually pick one you can afford. I'm single, I have a resale flat. I service the loan by myself and will complete the servicing of said loan in the next 3 years before I reach 45. My Special account is already 100K and totally expect some money to come in when I hit 55. That plus I actually started off way lower than most. I failed to graduate from polytechnic. I started working with an o-level cert and my starting salary was $1k. If I can do all that, I find it really hard to imagine how a couple, most of whom should be more qualified than me when they join the workforce, cannot do better than me.
This is mostly due to the fact that they are more used to a world where they weren't able to fact check anyone just by pressing a few buttons and also due to rhe fact that the older generation isn't as educated as those in their 30s and younger. This generation is more focused on survival, how much is in their cpf, and how clean theur rubbish chute is. Social issues arent what they care about. Got enough to eat, can buy hdb, can retire with some money can liao.
This is not cheebye! It may look like cheebye. Sound like cheebye. Even feel like cheebye. But no worries, we have no plans for another cheebye.
This is not the dream for me, altough i would like to take a long vacation away from Singapore if i had that amount of money, i also think work gives meaning to life sometimes. Its weird to explain, but what would you possibly do with all that free time? Life needs some type of structure, at least its how i see it.
This is on the MRT Train is on the East West Line, not on the North South Line or the Sentosa Train Line, Ding Dong, This Train Service Terminates At Pasir Ris MRT Station, Next Stop, EW 32 Tuas West Road.
This is on the MRT Train is on the East West Line, not on the North South Line, Ding Dong, This Train Service Terminates At Pasir Ris MRT Station, Next Stop, EW 32 Tuas West Road.
This is priceless. Their sister app, Zig, has an unlimited $3 discount on all CDG taxis also.
This is quite sad. I have a Malay friend who tried to leave the religion when he was in polytechnic. He got kicked out of the house, but his brother managed to convince the parents to let him stay. Sure, it happens for Christians but not to that extent. 99% of Malays are Muslim so the religion is heavily tied to your family. If you leave, you're alienating your family, relatives and even society. Eating pork in a coffeeshop or drinking water during Ramadan gets you judgement stares and even confrontations. I'd imagine being LGBT is even worse.
This is ridiculous. people can't be expected to live like this with every day a different story and different expectations. We are at near 50% vaccinated. Another 30% have one dose. Let us live our lives again.
This is shocking, and heartbreaking. rest in peace, kid. And my condolences to the family of the deceased.
This is so bad. This is the look at these idiots thing the British used to do long ago, or everyone forget already?
This is so funny because the left claims to be for science but that all goes out the window when they start talking about biological differences between the sexes.
This is so lovely! Your colour scheme makes it look like such a nice day out, and I love how you drew the merlion! This would make such a lovely postcard. Paging
This is so true. After my Os i worked f&b to get some extra money. So many 'elite' parents mentioned to their children how they have to work hard if not they will have to be like me. When one finally said it straight to my face, i raised my eyebrow and said I'm a scholar at top boys school and I'm waiting for my O level results . The look on her face was priceless
This is such a general statement though, what exactly is the point of this comment? Obviously every religion has hardliners or extremists, my 12 year old nephew could have said the same. I don't think its a very unreasonable statement to say some religions are more tied in to specific races more than others or some religions more innately important sociologically to someone born into a race.
this is such a great comment. honestly having the chance to travel and experience the beauty of the natural world has been so helpful to my own sense of meaning and humanity. witnessing the beauty of the planet really makes me realise that it's so rare that this exists and that we're here to appreciate it. it reminds me of how little many things in life don't actually matter. by some stroke of luck we're on a life supporting ball in space, what do any societally imposed achievements matter in the face of that? It's so freeing to realise that I can live my life however I want, in whatever way makes me happy.
This is the Court putting the government on notice that they will strike down Section 377A if the AG ever tries to enforce it, but in a way that doesn't put them in the middle of a political maelstrom.
This is the future of politics in Singapore. Sophisticated younger voters and parties that they can identify with.
This is the kind of shitty planning and pussyfooting you'd expect from a secondary school student planned camp, not from a multi-ministry task force spearheaded by the country's leaders-in-waiting. I would like to believe that between an authoritative style of governance, a highly educated populace and a world class medical infrastructure, Singapore should be poised to tackle a pandemic effectively. And yet somehow for every success that we've had theres 2 or 3 colossal failures in how we've handled covid. Theres no exit plan or roadmap to incentivise vaccine take up, constant pandering to a subset of the population that have been vaccine resistant, and the most ridiculous oversights possible overly lax immigration control, karaoke lounge or nightlife situation that has literally just played out in taiwan . The worst part is the continual punishment of the large portion of the populace that have been accommodating and accepting of covid measures and an refusal to use neither carrot or stick to boost vaccination take up rates amongst the unwilling those that are unable to due to medical reasons are obviously not within this group . And i find it ridiculous that the government does not realise our recent return to just sends a confirmation to the vaccine hesitant that there is absolutely no reason to get vaccinated vaccinated or not, you still get fucked so whats the point . At the end of the day, what we have are a bunch of very capable administrators that are absolutely unsuited to leading or navigating a country through a crisis. There are no leaders in this 4G of ours, they are lacking in charisma, foresight, communication skills and a dozen other adjectives. I fully agree that no human is perfect, but the whole point of a government or taskforce is to reduce potential oversight and flaws in the individual by complimenting it with the strength of others. This is absolutely the result of a government full of yesmen and yeswomen from the same party thinking along the same party line.
this is the last straw for me. im moving as soon as covid is over. edit im genuinely scared to live here.
This is the mindset that policymakers should carry. Time to reward the people who have been following the rules and guidelines all the while. All these people who fucked around can now find out what it's like on the other side
This is the most adorable thing I've seen today! I watched a video of an alpaca running so that's saying a lot
This is the most millennial edit ever. You were respectful for the entirety of the post and displayed a great level of emotional maturity. Typical millennial.
This is the optimal way to present information in this format. people complaining about it are probably not educated in visual communications, .
This is the practice in Singapore among legit landlords too. In return, the placd was deep cleaned when you first moved in too.
This is the problem with being a fine city. So many warnings about misusing the button but no actual guide on when it should be used for. Haish. That aside, please rest assured that as long as the button was not pressed for fun, you won't be fined. Even if the situation is not an actual emergency, say for example, somebody spilled a large amount of water and makes the cabin floor wet, you won't be im trouble for pressing the button to communicate with the relevant personnel.
This is the reality for most big cities that everyone wants to move to. Singaporeans complain a lot about HDB but as an overseas Singaporean living in LA, I think singaporeans don't know how lucky they are to even be able to own homes.
This is the reality of many elites looking down on others. Deeply rooted within them and their family. Such a shame they are leaders
This is the reason why government did not tell the whole story, it is to prevent panic. Fake news that spread lies that cause fear and panic is worst than government telling lies to prevent panic. If you are part of the scum who share fake news, you are lowest low life that is far below China.
This is the right move. Data has shown being unvaccinated carries a much higher risk in covid complications. This in turn stresses the healthcare facilities which is the backbone in this pandemic fight. Only feel for those medically illegible for vaccines. Those eligible but still not vaccinated for god knows whatever reasons. Too bad.
This is the right stance to take even we may end up in Russia's blacklist for years to come. Putin taking over Ukraine sets a bad precedence of solving territorial disputes and sovereignty through might alone. China Taiwan or India Pakistan or Isreal Palestine or South China Sea dispute etc . Putting it in our context for this conflict, it's easy as Malaysia can claim Singapore once belong to them and should be rightfully so. This is exactly what happened because Putin doesn't see Ukraine as a sovereign country.
This is the sad truth though. I feel like most of the older generation do not take the time to critically think about what each of the parties truly stand for, but rather form their political preferences based on things like how well-maintained their estate is, how attentive their MP was during Meet-The- people sessions etc. or even worse, purely based on what the Straits Times headlines tell them Frankly this behaviour really irks me as it only weakens the effectiveness of having a democracy. That being said, I would like to believe there are more healthy conversations and a growing 'what if' mentality towards our 'opposition parties. Who knows what our political landscape will be like 50 years down the road!
This is the Singapore way. Enforcement by making it too inconvenient, too expensive and getting you to confront your convictions. Are you prepared to forgo eating out and mall shopping because you think the vaccine is 5G, unholy, untested, a violation of your sovereign body? Come on, how can the greedy government enrich themselves if they let you, the sheeple, die? Who's going to pay all the GST, COE, stamp duty and income tax?
This is the story most places for the lower classes. You must educate yourself, rise up out of the class you are in and then you can have some life.
This is the stuff I'm worried about throughout the whole Pandemic. The high number of case count does not worry me at all but the control they gain over us, saying they are trying to help does. Any power hungry despot would take the opportunity to gain more power to control the populace.
This is the wrong question to ask and the wrong comparison to the Ukrainian president's situation for reasons other redditors have pointed out . The real comparable question is this if the enemy were closing in, and our leaders had a chance to flee, do you think they would stay on in Singapore despite knowing that they have a target on their backs like most of the country, or would they run? The Ukrainian president is a badass by the way, the balls on the man to choose to remain in the capital despite being offered an out, all while knowing that he is a dead man walking.
This is true but even the upper middle class in Singapore have this kind of attitude, like l went to Henry Park Primary and it used to be right next door to Raffles Girls Primary. as in our fitness area and field overlapped, and everyday kids from the two schools played together. One day one of our raffles friends' moms saw us and literally shrieked girl, what are you doing? Yanked her away and scolded in mandarin so our Malay and Indian friends wouldn't understand, you cannot play with those kids, they're stupid and not as good as you. Friends like that can't help you improve, understand? She knew nothing about any of us other than that our uniform is brown and beige not blue and white. We never saw that girl again except sneering at us from a distance. Have lived in the south of the US for some time now and yes there's elitism and snobbery but there is much much more respect for blue collar workers and non degree holders than back home.
This is true BUT only in instances when the assailant sucker punch, scratch, or gives a lame-ass kick to the victim and the victim is still able to leave the scene walking, and talking etc. If Beating up means doing what the guy in the video did, and the victim is seriously injured, the offence can be classfied as Voluntarily causing grevious hurt which is an arrestable offence. Police WILL arrest the assailant on the spot.
This is true. But my point is that this case is not the guarantee of unenforceability of 377A as some may think. The AG can still go ahead and announce that they are gonna enforce it.
This is unfortunately a very common problem in government agencies. No one wants to bear the bad news. And if you do bring the bad news, you better be prepared to offer solutions. Looking at this situation, a lot can be said about not building up the robustness of our healthcare sector during covid. Much has also been said about redirecting monies spent on SDAs into healthcare. But all these suggestions hardly help the current situation. There are no easy solutions to this manpower crunch and nobody wants to be responsible for offering painful solutions.
This is unfortunately true. I just hope the time comes soon and we can make it soon if its possible.
This is very true. Putin is of the opinion that he can rewrite history in his favour. To sit out just because Singapore is small is the wrong answer. Singapore has consistently stood for what is right and should continue to do so even if it is the only voice.
This is what annoys me about people complaining about the cpf. Imagine if we didn't have cpf. How many people are going to default on their mortgages, or run out of cash soon after retirement? The cpf is there for everyone because 95% of the population I pulled this % out of my ass but my point stands who wouldn't plan sufficiently for their lives financially
This is what happen when ownself check ownself - ownself select ownself. Those in position that came from military background will favour military background, and the cycle continues. If you're a yes man to the one rank above you, of because the one rank abve you give you good performance review. And the best thing is People's Action Party keep doing the same shit and expecting a different result. Put military into politics and goverment corps. And see what happen, send Ng Yat Chung to NOL, NOL destroyed, send Ng Yat Chung to SPH, going to get destroyed soon too. Desmond Kuek, Ng kian hong all CMI. How to have confidence in People's Action Party talent? Don't even need to talk about new candidates like ivan lim when existing system has a problem. New gen People's Action Party still play same card in new era but with less vigour and ability compared to old gen, times have changed man. Obvious vote for oppo
This is what happens when you have a generation of yes men and fearful mentalities parachuted to the top attitudes trickle down, after all.
This is what I always do. One dude was like how do you know you're not interested if you don't hear what I say . I couldn't help myself but nearly scream at him when I told him because you fucks are here 3x a week for the last 6 months.
This is what I needed today - a reminder that on the whole we are pretty damned lucky and to never take things for granted. Thanks for this
This is what we learned from young - to be obedient, submissive and listen to the authorities. Learn to say NO! Turn your fear into righteous anger. They cannot do anything to you. Do not act as a victim anymore. You are not a prey. Do not be pressured into anything. See them as what they are - truly unscrupulous people who use psychological tricks to cheat you. Society controls you better when you submit to fear and manipulation and that is why there are so Singaporeans falling prey to scams from 'MOH', 'Police' and 'Supreme Court' etc. See them as scammers that they truly are - out to earn money from you using peer pressure and psychological tricks. So why do you want to appear nice and polite to these assholes? I have encountered many of them over the years. In my good mood days, I just walk away. In my bad mood days, I say FUCK OFF! Or worst. What can they do? They just move on to their next victims. As to your money taken from you, talk to the adults in your family, or your school teacher or counsellor for help if you need. They can advise you. Hard for me to help here. Do not fear. Do not be the victim. Do not let fear control you.
This is why I always say that if everyone worked in Retail for just 3 weeks, we will all be nicer to each other.
This is why I laugh at people who think KTVs took the 50k grant and pivoted to f&b. In reality most did not even bother.
This is why I'm thinking of migrating. Not that anywhere else isn't like that, just it's so bad here that I can't cope
This is why Internet shouldn't exist. There are idiots that can't differentiate states and its citizens and displays their ignorance by bombarding unnecessary harassments. Huh? Wdym I'm using Reddit?
This is why it's important more people train strength and martial arts. If more good guys knew how to fight then we'd see less incidents like this.
This is why many are not having children cause fuck raising a kid in this shit show.
This is why many NSFs see this country as not worth defending. No point risking our lives for this type of people.
this is why people say working is similar to salt. you need some of it to survive
This is why the grc system is broken. He would have kept his seat if he went up against a less popular wp candidate. i know im gonna get down voted for this and im actually pro-opp . But congrats to the WP team in sengkang! All the volunteers, helpers etc. Thank you!
This is written by someone who can't handle money. The same would read true for almost exactly the same for citizens of most countries if they have poor fiscal responsibility.
This is your lesson to learn how to say No. Here's a tip You are never going to meet this person again in your life, don't waste precious time engaging in meaningless talk. Don't even need to look them in the eye just politely nod, no thank you, and walk on. You are nobody to them, don't need to scared they offended or feel the need to apologise. After u walk, they already move on and don't remember your face.
This isn't a fight between town councils of who gets the best upgrades. Please don't turn it into one. It's a fight of who gets a seat in parliament to fight on behalf of Singaporeans.
this isn't the first story i've seen and heard about the minority in singapore being discriminated, and it'll certainly not be the last. i just wanna say, all this crap about pledging to be one united people regardless of race, language or religion is basically gone down the drain because of most if not all chinese supremacists. its really fucking annoying when you see some fucktard auntie pulling their kids and grandkids away from other races out in public. but the best i can and will do is tell you that i'll be on your side on any case. most of the time you'll think oh its just old people doing old people things, but come to think of it you'll realise that racism, or rather supremacists are beginning to be more pervasive. the best thing we can do, is change the minds of those we can, and teach the younger ones to be better. if you need proof that it's bad, this post right here is all you need. and for those dense mother fuckers who still carry out these xenophobic actions, we should pity them for not having the right education, and or or role models while growing up. that being said, i'm so sorry you've had to go through this and if it helps, record down the stupid shit people put you through and call them out on the media. i'm sure it'll take off in no time and have the higher-ups do something
this ive been trying to convey this to people yet i am labeled as racist. A lot of caucasians who grew up in europe or america would find the taste of kimchi to be repulsive yet in Asia most of us have no problems with this.
this just blew up , the link to this reddit is there too edit Updated the link as the initial post on MSN was deleted.
This just happened a few hours ago at my neighbourhood mama shop. I was buying something while the shop owner Indian Singaporean woman was speaking to her employee. A Chinese man walks up to us with a big smile on his face and does the anepuneneh thing while bobbling his head. That's his idea of humour. The shop owner just smiles sheepishly and tries to let it pass. So, how would you respond to this situation? 1 Throw him onto the ground 2 Look at him and pull our eyes apart fighting humour with humour 3 Say ching a chong a fighting humour with humour 4 Laugh at him trying to speak English because it sounds exactly like Chinese fighting humour with humour
This just made EVERY SINGLE THING Ong Ye Kung said the past two months look ridiculously stupid and embarrassing.
This kind of behaviour has no place in Singapore. These guys arent the ones attacking Ukraine. I'd be dissappointed if it was Singaporeans writing those.
This kind of question is allowed, but when I asked a question it got removed. Man, I curse hell to the mods of
This lady was working at IMDA and applied for a job elsewhere. Somehow this one guy on edmw exposed her for having a masters from a degree mill. Share below link, case was in 2015.
This leaves a really sour taste right now considering the recent racial divides happening in our country. Oh well, at least I can find reassurance in the fact that those kids have probably grown up and matured
This looks exactly the kind of photo that is practically begging for people to photoshop the wording
This looks like a fake story. How come can know so much about the ambulance driver and yet still be asked to put food on floor? No tables
This looks like a good idea since - it will incentive the tenant to take good care of the - landlord can't pull some shady shit with deep cleaning services
This made me realize how many people are fighting, working so hard to ensure that we are safe. So many people, so many unknown faces. Our sincere thanks to all of them.
This makes me smile, but also sad. I wish everyone can be given the same opportunity regardless of where you are.
this makes me think of military wives who think their husband's rank is their rank too
This means people will no longer be allowed to digitally check in by scanning a venue's SafeEntry QR code with their phone camera or the Singpass app from May 17. Scanning of barcodes on personal identification cards to check in to venues will still be allowed until May 31. Important to take note!
This meme would have been better if it was a comparison between 2016 and 2022 where the mainstream meaning of catching it has shifted from PoGo to covid. .
This mentality has been ingrained into us purposefully by the media and government to control our lives and in a heteronormative way. Perhaps the best way is to ignore what society expects of you. Marriage in this country is such a lucrative trade that it flourished due to people having a myopic view of the dream Singaporean life. You can even have a small ceremony. Extended family members who don't matter to you shouldn't be there. We have to stop allowing the concept of face to control us like that. What is also evident here that procreation is a requirement of the OP's Singaporean narrative. This Confucianistic or Christian view is dependent on whether you truly want kids or not. Abortion shoud not be frowned upon. There is nothing worse than realising that you actually didn't want a child. My post here is to hopefully make people think of what truly makes them happy. There is absolutely nothing wrong with deviating from that Model Singaporean path.
This might be a good parallel if the landlord was an owner of a decent-sized portfolio of units that serve the sole purpose of generating rental income, i.e. their rental residential property are treated wholly as business assets. So that is fair enough - I'll concede that bit of the argument to you. It's however a painfully skewed comparison with a landlord who will live in the same unit as their tenant, or a landlord who intends to move themselves and or or their family back into the unit after a certain period of time or otherwise see their residential property as more than just a disposable business asset. If the place holds any value for personal use at all, it is fair that the landlord would want to keep it close to the condition that they personally prefer.
This might be quite random, but their headwear looks so colourful and cool! And their reactions are pretty endearing, hopefully their covid situation does not get any worse.
This MRT Train is on the East West Line, not on the North South Line, Ding Dong, This Train Service Terminates At Pasir Ris MRT Station, Next Stop, EW 32 Tuas West Road.
This must be an old pic, cause I heard they recently expanded and took over the outlet next door.
This needs clarification. Can a family of four kick a ball together in their own estate? Is that a group of 4 or a group of 1 ? If the former, why can I live inside as a group of 4 but not go outside as a group of 4 keeping in mind we're not socializing with anyone else ?
This needs to be said far more to healthcare workers, firefighters, and teachers than it does to soldiers.
This older traditionalist says it should be gone. Many others like myself think it's no one's business but the individuals.
This one is from JFP, and just happened that some of the JFP workers went karaoke lounge, and karaoke lounge cluster broke first, so it seemed at first they were the problem, and karaoke lounge just seemed an easy target lupsup now get covid .
This one like game release sia. Phase 2 Heightened Alert Phase 2 Legendary Edition Phase 2 Game of the Year Edition Phase 2 HD Remastered
This pains me so much to hear i feel like im reading something from my younger days. I am sending u SO much love and healing. You are so strong and we will continue to fight for better understanding and fairer treatment. My DMs are open if u need to talk
This past 15 months has truly been revealing and eye-opening in terms of how our leaders handle crises. First, there was the complete fuck-up with the foreign dorm cases, then there was the cynical, grossly opportunistic calling of elections in the midst of the pandemic, the slow vaccine roll-out coupled with a lack of transparency, and now the again slow, reactive instead of proactive border management policies. I really do hope people have longer memories this time around.
This photo is incredibly iconic and is definitely gonna win an award for something, i'm absolutely sure of it.
this place is dependent on them and everyone makes alot of money off each other and we're not even talking about the familial ties. asean has really dropped the ball when most of the world is growing closer together
This post is so dumb and for people who must follow societal conventions. Elites like us say fuck the system we go our own way with anime waifu
This post is wrong on so many accounts. Firstly, medical fees are standardised across hospitals and is based on means testing. Secondly, on what basis are u accusing NUH of being 'the worst' hospital? Are u a medical professional yourself? It is easy to jump on the hate bandwagon when on the internet. Thirdly, do not generalise the entire population of student elite from a few examples. There are good students, there are bad students, but eventually these students will become YOUR doctor. When that day comes, surely you'll be glad to have them around. No need for all the negativity now.
this realization is exactly why the better educated are producing less kids, or choose to migrate elsewhere instead. unfortunately the less educated are not at this self-actualization stage to come to this realization, so we have lots of unplanned offspring from the less educated entering our society.
This really caught me off guard when I saw it. Wonder what went down. Rest in peace.
This reminded me of a book published by the Catholic Church Science division or something would you baptize an alien? The conclusion is only if the alien ask for it.
This reminds me of infamous video in Indonesia taken in the mid-1990s, when President Suharto, was answering question from elementary school children. One of this kids asked Mr. President, how come there is only one President? Suharto after explaining why there was only one President asked him Why did you ask such a question. Who told you to say that? It has become a meme, and a way of telling people not to be noisy. Over the years rumors have developed as to what happen to the kid. Did Suharto disappear him?
this reminds me of the cookhouse uncles standing beside you and staring at you while you rate their meals
This reminds me of the following Am studying in UK currently. When I first arrived I went to a store in a shopping mall to get a pair of boots. The salesman who attended to me looked fairly young, had multiple tattooes and piercings on his face. He was very helpful and went out of his way to serve me, even asking if I was a student so that I could get delivery waived and get it next-day . While waiting for his computer to process, we chatted briefly. He was actually a student too. He had completed his masters, now going for PhD. Going by what OP was saying about Singaporean parents treating service or retail staff differently based on their educational level or background, I do wonder what would happen if this salesman were to work in a Singapore store. Would he have been immediately stereotyped as a gangster, good-for-nothing, low edu level?
This reminds me there a place in UK Aberdeen that has a gym and beside of it there a MCD . For context the address of the gym kittybrewster retail park, Bedford Rd, Aberdeen AB24 3LJ , United Kingdom MCD Bedford Road Kittybrewster Retail Park, Aberdeen AB24 3LE , United Kingdom Bolt the address to show that there are beside each other
This right here is why I've always suspected the Singapore government has a hidden chemical weapons stockpile somewhere. With the sheer amount of chemical engineering here make something like that easy to hide.
This sentiment is super crazy to me. 7.5hr is the standard, not a lot. Maybe subjectively, but objectively 7.5hr its absolutely not a lot. An adult needs around 7-8 hours of sleep. Wish everyone could have a life in which they get allowed to sleep 8 hours a night.
This shows that the government and elite MPs are only bulls ting us when they say all schools are good. Its just talk. What they actually mean is that all neighbourhood schools are good enough for the peasants . So SHUT UP! and don't bring this matter up again!
This story is as verified as the other fear-mongering stories about the virus on social media.
This story would make sense in Wuhan, but in Singapore with 33 cases, it makes no sense.
This sub - Get booster also got covid or die, just open up already. No need mask , see all ang moh country all no mask already. Aiyah, Singapore so backwards . Minister only move goal post every day I am being sarcastic
this subreddit running out of ideas so must think of putting a 70 year old man and and a 67 year woman into war context
This sum bullshit. Namely because you can't sleep in your alpha after shift. It needs to be used by the next shift. Also the wording 4 duties 12hrs straight. Seems to me like someone doesn't know how ambulance shifts work. Don't spread unverified sources - it may have unintended consequences.
This thread is filled with so many What-If. What if the situation get out of hand if we didn't do something? What if our loved one become part of the daily statistic? What if the number of cases reached a tipping point and we never recover from it? A coin is two-sided.
This true. boys to men 1 is quite a cinematic masterpiece. The war scenes cgi were really cool and the movie just felt good.
This tweet has another angle from Johor Kilang Lotte Titan, Pasir Gudang. Got from group whatsapp. Not sharing link because sometimes they're blocked. It's a factory or refinery fire
This was in my opinion a very bad decision. We know that Singapore will never treat it as endemic even though people who want can get vaccinated.
This was precisely what I observed that prompted me to minimise my wedding guest list. Big wedding is suppose to be for rich people.
This was still used in BMT. Even they know the vid is outdated. Source was in BMT last month.
This was waiting to happen. Read this Air Travel Pass ATP scheme These people can travel privately from the airport to the hotel and then after mere 2 days be allowed to go. One case which was publicly acknowledged person from Brunei was attributed to this scheme. I was at a hotel for a staycation and I saw some Chinese visitors checking in at the same counter as me ahead of me and they had just arrived from airport. I was worried that even if there is a remote chance they have the virus but nit detected I would most definitely get it as I was touching the same counter, using the same lift etc. While people coming from places like India are quarantined for 14-21 days and yet are able to stay infectious which I actually doubt then this 2 day quarantine scheme was a definite ticking time bomb. I personally feel that it isn't the people who stay infectious but probably stuff they carry with them as luggage etc on which the virus maybe still alive even after 14 days and when they go home after the quarantine and open their baggage and start using stuff, they get infected. It has been proven now that the virus stay on surfaces for my longer than was earlier expected.
This was what we were told. But when I read it seems like imported cases are also workpass and dependent pass holders from India. Does not seem like we are only restricting it to Singapore or pr. Unless CNA is wrong and the changi Airport daily arrivals from India are all just sc or pr, I guess we need further clarification.
This will be the designated megathread for the Phase 2 announcement - variations of the same content may be removed.
this will really go down in the books as one of the darkest times in Singapore history
This works if you have enough people who are strong+brave+confident enough in the right place at the right time. The MRT looks pretty empty in the video - there simply might not have been enough physically strong folks around to go subdue the trained fighter. I wouldn't want to drag in some young scrawny guy, or an older uncle, to try and help, but end up getting them seriously injured in the process.
This would technically be the third high-profile case this month. The first was the fatal Punggol stabbing which was immediately followed by the AMK murder by a Vietnamese national. I don't want to generalise nor speculate on causes of these incidents, but covid has really spawned a potent mental health crisis in this country, just as it has elsewhere. I think it's only a matter of time before we see more of this sorta news.
This! Especially the ones that keep harping that the authorities have no guts to continue opening up immediately. They better be different groups of people. Seems like redditors have qualities to be the best leader in all sectors and it is always the fault of someone else.
This! It seems like a political propaganda to me. I don't think Indians want to see operating flights either.
This! Only either the TT token or the TT app will be accepted after 17 May.
This. As a teenager who loves nature it hurts to see youths in other countries have regular exposure to it and take it for granted. There's something missing here. I feel that developing a strong connection to nature can help you find yourself outside of societal definitions as it transcends materialism and the rat race. Yet the government will continue to slate our remaining forests for destruction in the name of GDP.
This. Don't deny the hardships of the average Singaporean. But I suspect many are victims of globalisation. Again, I'm not ignoring the plight of those impoverished by poverty. But I would really like to see data behind 1. people spending within their means 2. Good saving habits I suspect you'll be surprised by what you find. It is easy to blame the system while absolving blame from yourself. Thats why we will always need more. I'm always amazed to see people flaunting the latest iPhones, fancy cars, dining out. We take loans for everything ranging from buying a car, paying for a ring, renovation. How much of debt is of our own inability to plan, save or be prudent?
This. Even when working overseas, its always the singaporeans that are hella nasty. When I meet a singaporean can tell because accent usually i'll be really happy and start a conversation with them. However the more i do that the more bad looks and attitude i start to get. Especially the university singaporean students, they come in a big group and demand things. Me Sorry we ran out of soymilk with the last order, would you like to change it to skim milk? Them Oh cant you just go buy some now? Soy milk also dun have ? Whalao. ask for 1 simple thing also dont have .no wonder u working here sia. When i get the occasional question of why im working at the cafe, or working in the first place, i cant help but think dont these people feel bad asking their parents for so much money? university fees here arent cheap. Its 5.4k per semester for a local. Imagine international students, the singaporeans, coming here to study med or law and having their parents pay for it all. Transport can go up to 100 per week if ur constantly travelling to and from university. Where is the independence from these spoiled students? Do u really want ur child to be like this?
This. I experienced it at my old workplace too. Imagine being in a company meeting I'm the only non-Chinese present and someone starts speaking Mandarin. I voiced out, and what happens? I get told You should learn Mandarin also, then it's easier for everyone
This. I have an Indian landlord who refuses to rent to overseas Indians. She knows what's up
This. I respect the hell out of our medical staffs in Singapore but this story doesn't sound quite right.
This. I was 17 working part time at a toy retail to supplement my school allowance. A customer came up to me asking for the price of something he was holding. I apologized and refered him to the customer service counter which was less than 10 steps away from where we were standing and that I had to attend to someone else. He straight away commented to my face, well, its no wonder you are working here then I just walked away and believe me, I may forget how he looked like but the words stuck to me til today. Wish I could somehow meet up with and show him how I am doing just to prove a point.
This. It's like our Singapore women have to be on the frontlines sniping enemies or blasting RPGs at them . We can train them in other roles like Medic or Cybersecurity, and the NS period for females doesn't have to be as long as like for males either.
This. Mandarin is only spoken by me and parents. Whereas our Teochew and Hokkien dialects are spoken by us + our many ancestors that came before us. That's our actual mother tongue, not this Mandarin language that the government forced upon us at the expense of our dialects.
This. people say NS guys only can liao. Ukraine showed us that everyone can play a part when war happens. Else what happens when Singapore has to participate in a conflict? Half of our population run away or sit and wait while the guys fight? So many things can be done here. Don't even have to make it two years for both genders. If we are serious about national defense, then six months to a year can do alot to help.
This. People's Action Party moved HSK in a desperate attempt pressured by the Nicole Seah effect? to defend East Coast and the result was still this close. I'm sure they have a lot to reflect on.
This. The government might have a mixed-to-positive record on the handling of most aspects of the pandemic till date, but when it comes to the migrant workers, the performance deserves a straight F.
This. Their collective vaccination rates are higher than the general population. Should just let them go about their days.
This. This is exactly what the Government wants. Finger-pointing among us so we don't look at them.
This. Ukraine is only holding out now because while the war is on Hard difficulty, the unlimited ammo cheat is turned on . NATO and other EU states like Sweden and Finland are busy supplying a fuck ton of arms and now, even space satellite recon assistance to Ukraine. As well as humanitarian aid. That's why in any scenario that either Malaysia or Indonesia or even China tries to get funny ideas with us in Singapore, we would really need to draw a vast amount of imported international aid to stand a chance at surviving. But we will be in deeper shit than Ukraine because Malaysia or Indonesia can easily cut off access via the Malacca Strait to our west, and the eastern part of the Singapore Strait to the east. And our closest ally regionally would probably be either Taiwan, Japan, South Korea or India, distance-wise or a combo of several of them . The US and UK are too far away from quickly sending us aid even if they want to support us. Same for other European powers like France or Germany. Philippines also might support us too since there are many Pinoys here in Singapore, but it's no guarantee either.
Tho if casual sex and public nudity becomes commonplace, those will no longer be enticing, and I guess abstinence or celibacy and wearing concealing clothing will be the new deviant sexual behaviour.
Those arrogant, snobbish, in your face attitude elitist parents, I'd feed them to the wolves if I can. They're bad stocks for humanity. the world will be a better place without them.
Those from army who did PTCO in reservist would not make such comments, it's a real eye opener.
Those giving no fucks are taking baby steps for there to be less tying of race to religion. The rules and traditions are all invented by people anyways
Those Grab Delivery fees are getting much more expensive these days especially with greater demand for food. It's no longer even worth buying food for one or two people with that kind of delivery fees Grab charges these days.
Those imports meant to create value for our society better be worth this. I'm tired
Those kinds of people you need to watch out, these ignorant folk are highly susceptible to become extremist themselves while ignoring all the morality lessons the Quran gives.
Those screaming for restrictions to be lifted are supporters of healthcare worker until it infringes their own convenience and whims.
Those seem to be statistics from 2016, more recently Singaporeans average 6.8 hours of sleep per night, down from seven hours during the previous survey released in 2020. Only seems to have gotten worse. CNA Lifestyle, 18 Mar 2021
Those that are rich enough, will flee. Those like myself who not that blessed, will lan lan suck thumb and hope my training is enough to support during war time. NS in Home Team, so probably won't end up front lines but still probably get called in .
Those unvaccinated by choice should waive their right for intensive care unit beds should they get infected
Those who are more invested tend to be a little deeper in issues of feminism, religion, or sexuality. But yeah, the short version is that Christians tried to take over an NGO, prop up gender roles, and erase affirmation of LGBTs.
Those who can't medically take the vaccine are the ones that should be protected the most. Better to have them stay at home
Those who flex their Happyland brand name or whatever really piss me off. The silent majority of Happyland alumni aren't like that, but because they don't flex the Happyland brand everywhere, you'll probably never know they're Happyland. But they still get bad rep from the few idiotic loudmouths.
Those who have gotten the virus before should still go for 1 jab. Studies have shown this hybrid immunity is even better.
Though it also has to be said that there's still quite a big group of those within the millennials and Gen Xers who are apathetic and more inward-looking who can't really be bothered beyond anything outside their relatively comfy lives. This group would be pretty hard to reach, I think. It seems like the only things related to the GE that they can perk their interest are memes and jokes. For the boomers or merdeka gen middle-aged and pioneer gen elderly, broadening of their mentality and views towards the GE can possibly be done by their children and grandchildren assuming they aren't apathetic sharing with them on what they can see online, so that their voting decisions won't just be based on the limited and MIW-favouring stuff they can see on TV and in the papers.
Thought I'd share my story as an Indian immigrant. I came here when I was 21, earned a pittance. Was hit by racism right away when there was the no Indians allowed that most rental ads had at the time. This quite a shock at the time, I had just studied in the US and this was illegal there. Then comes the usual comments about skin colour, people ignoring you in shops, even my colleagues telling me I would never get anywhere in the company as the management didn't like Indians this was the furthest thing from the truth actually . You learn to live with it, nothing you can do. The only thing that sort of solved this issue was money and status. I did well at my company, the Chinese Singaporean management was amazing and didn't see race at all. But I'll be honest most companies aren't like this, while they aren't overtly racist, they're unlikely to promote a Malay or Indian to management level. With the increase in money and status, racism seemed to fade away. Nobody asked me about race when I wanted to rent a whole condo and the landed place I live in now. I thought racism was coming down in Singapore but that wasn't it. Status trumps race in Singapore. Bottom line is, make that dough. Success is the only way to move beyond the lower echelons and get people to treat you with respect. Walk into an expensive shop as an Indian and you may get some funny looks but flash an expensive watch or credit card and see the difference. This is definitely not the answer you wanted to hear but for now it's the reality. However, being successful doesn't fix everything. We are and most likely will always be an undesirable race in Singapore. I'll create a new post on my experience on this, thanks for the inspiration. May not achieve anything but it helps to vent.
thought the air piston on my swivel chair was about to break down for a moment then
Tiagong someone's ex-wife didn't die of natural causes, some speculate that Grandpa wasn't happy that she gave birth to an albino grandson
Tighten your buckles. Due to the incorrect decisions made by the 4G to continue keeping the borders open to highly infected countries, we are paying the price again, another year on.
TikTok feels random to me. Through I imagine the algorithm, shows you want you want to see, so its an easier echo chamber,
Time to chiong and create more clusters before Saturday. Then if got another spike can blame us I am being sarcastic
Time will always tell apart real talent from coincidences. Copy and paste and only go so far.
Tip 1 don't stop walking. If you're not interested but you have difficulty ending conversations, just keep walking. Even if they engage you in conversation usually they will break off once it's too far from where you started. They don't typically wander too far from their starting location think of them like video game enemies with a deaggro range . Tip 2 realise that respect goes both ways. If you say you're not interested and they continue to hound you, they are not respecting you first. So why should you feel bad for being 'disrespectful' by ignoring them and walking away?
TLDR or want to get a summary of what happened. Deceased is 13yo secondary 1 student Killer is 16yo secondary 4 student Incident happened at 11.40am. When police came, multiple wounds on deceased inside toilet Deceased pronounced dead Deceased and killer do not know each other Police still investigating. At the scene, found an axe, not sure if murder weapon. Killer arrested and he will be charged on July 20th. Will probably send him to IMH for mental assessment Police remind public not to speculate or spread rumours or screenshots as still investigating and deceased or killer are minors and please have some respect for their families. Someone please correct me if I missed anything or not accurate in any points as all that was what I gathered from watching the Lianhe Wanbao livestream. I felt a little sick in the stomach someone got killed just because wrong place wrong time
Tldr Serve NS. Go for ICT. Pass ippt. Don't complain. To be fair, I think NS is important, and having a strong military is a good deterrence against aggression against us. That said, I'm against certain aspects of the execution of NS. NS should be for the service of Singapore. Whether SAF or Home Team or CD or otherwise, and NSFs should not be used as cheap labour NDP is within the realms of Defense, as it provides a visible deterrence to any who wish ill on us . It's still OK for people to complain about NS, since there's a lot of inefficient use of time. Much as I think serving the nation is important, I think that our time should be utilised efficiently, and not just wasted. And also, more of a culture shift towards NSFs I operationally ready date-ed many years ago so this doesn't affect me directly . I think that NS should be a two way street. NSFs serve not because they want to , and the nation should provide more . Free public transport while in NS, perhaps free mobile or other basic necessities, OR a higher allowance so that the NSFs can save for their future or studies or housing I know that's that 10K credit into cpf or some reservist awards, but it's really shitty, and locked in cpf . Also, those who shame NSFs for sitting down on the trains and buses, shame on them. The poor NSFs have already been through enough. Oh, and overhaul parts of the NS culture or unit culture, but that's shit for another day. Complain over.
TNP saying former minister Toh Chin Chye committed a hit and run when it was another person who also named Toh Chin Chye.
To add a bit of perspective, there's a noticeable shortage of manpower, and a big proportion of our manual labour comes from India. So we'll need to be prepared for many of our processes encounter delays, particularly things like construction of BTOs, road works, etc. I'm all for an outright ban because the situation there is just nuts, plus the risk of mutated virus. Just don't be a hypocrite and later blame the government for the trickle on effects of the ban.
To add another bit of perspective, the reason for the manpower shortage is that a large number of workers are choosing to go home and take their chances there. This is due to the living conditions they have to face when being here, from being locked up in the dorm to, still being locked up, but only let out to go to work.
To add on, should say hey u see Transcom Police here then u run fast as fuck.
To add on, the press should just not cover such activities to deny them the publicity and coverage. Trending such activities only serves to encourage them, and in these internet age of farming likes, this just attracts a lot of wannabes with superficial knowledge of the issue and the bigger picture to jump on the bandwagon and cheer them on or try similar stunts - just look at the no of comments here along the lines of wow they so brave and or or we so suppressed!
To add on. Muslims are allowed to touch dogs as long as the dog is not wet if i recall. Also, they can have dogs as pets but it must serve a purpose such as guard dogs.
To all of the men and women in hospitals and healthcare who are putting their own lives at risk to save others are taking their Hippocratic Oath seriously. We salute your bravery.
To answer your question, my sense is that he would be unelectable if he stood on a pap ticket. people will just whack his accent and how he effectively spent about half his life abroad. But mainly the accent.
To ban flight from India is not racism, by contrast this is the way to avoid racism. Think about that if Indian variant spreads in Singapore and the government decide to go back to stage 2 or 1, then Indian people in Singapore will experience a much worse situation.
To be even more specific some expats . Def we don't all fit into 200k+ expat lifestyle
To be fair I read in some of the comments of the video being more so of them opened bloated cans, which is indicative of it being spoiled.
to be fair if the russian delagate wasnt that full of shit, he would be full of lead once he lands in moscow, his family would also probably be feeding the fishes in the moskva. that or putin sends them on a ski trip in the urals
To be fair Iraq the second time round was unprovoked and some would say a false flag using WMDs. But Singapore is pragmatic we wouldn't go against America since they are so strategically important to us. Russia is nowhere as important to us so we can kick them together with the other countries of the world. It would be more interesting if the country in question was china and not Russia though. since china have alot more influence over our economy than Russia.
To be fair parents do have an impact on the child's success. In general the child of a wealthier family has access to a quieter learning environment, motivation to study hard forced or otherwise , access to tuition, no need to work part time to support the family, access to better schools. You can shave years off schooling too by studying overseas and graduating with a degree much earlier. A smart kid born into a poor family may not have these opportunities and environment to improve. That's why it's 'unfair'. For meritocracy to be 'fair', everyone have to be of the same background.
To be fair SV is one of the most extreme markets in the world. Most of the USA is massively more affordable.
To be fair to ng chee meng and team, they played a clean game without any gutter politics on their part.
To be fair to the court, its job is to decide what is legally correct, not morally right or politically courageous. That is on Parliament and the people.
To be fair, if the super powers wanted the war to happen. There is very little things he can do, they can just swap him out.
To be fair, it's not really racist. You can't trust India or their numbers. Have you visited any of the Indian subs or seen seen the news? people are furious with Modi's government.
to be fair, it's only mahathir. even ismail sabri has been chill with us so far
To be fair, National Service did quite a lot to acclimatize us to overwork so we're much more hardy than the Japanese in that regard.
To be fair, People's Action Party somehow slipped the amendments to be qualified as a president candidate under everyone's nose, so they've put up quite a few hurdles to prevent Tan Cheng Bock from even contesting for the presidency.
To be fair, technically Islam actually don't have this must be this religion from the start , nor do they have a one-way conversion policy the religious text doesn't talk about converting out much, and if I remember correctly the old caliphs of the ancient Persian empires are very inclusive when it comes to religions. And YET in practice, Islam currently, famously has a one-way policy. If you're Malay, if you're converted, you're in for life. I think this particular branch of the Islamic religious thought may have started from the Middle East, but I am confident that it got funded into prominence, and is still funded, by the oil rich Saudis. Note that the above is from what I heard around here and there. May be wrong
To be fair, the EU and US have a roadmap out because of vaccination, not control of the spread. Even the UK 'success' is still having 1k+ cases per day, and the US is number 2 in the world in infections. I don't think having that degree of transmission is acceptable, and government looks like they want to limit local spread to single digits. Singapore is still easily best in east asia in terms of vaccines per capita. All the healthcare workers and grandparents are safe, so our most vulnerable groups are protected. Fingers crossed, but when vaccinations open to everyone in June or July, opening up will come shortly after. No matter what we do, covid will never go away because it can spread without symptoms. The only way is to reach herd immunity and make it no worse than seasonal flu.
to be fair, they have. The number of tertiary, primary, and intermediate and long-term care facilities have increased over the last 5-10 years. But staffing them? That is an epic fail on MOH's part. Google the Healthcare Manpower Plan 2020. All talk, no results. But the powers that may be still bestowed the Director in-charge a National Day Award - that is just an insult and a slap. No results? Nehmine, we like you - here is a National Day Award for you.
To be fair, what can the government do if they actually protested? Arrest them? They would just cripple their own medical system, and everyone would be upset. Do nothing? They would keep staging strikes and protests anyway, lowering efficiency in the system. Try to listen to them and implement temporary measures? While that would be the best, it would hurt the bottom line of all hospitals and either the government or some other influential group of people won't allow it. In the end, everyone is going to suffer, but workers rights are important, and so are healthcare workers
To be fair, what he said exactly was Overall, our healthcare system remains stable and has been able to cope with infections . I'm not saying that the point raised about healthcare workers being underpaid and overworked isn't true. But there is a big difference between saying our healthcare system is overwhelmed and our healthcare system is able to cope with infections . If the assessment is that our healthcare system is actually overwhelmed and not able to cope with the higher caseloads, then the solution is much stricter measures to reduce transmission which nobody wants . It's not that easy to increase the supply of healthcare workers overnight. As others in this thread have pointed out, healthcare work requires years of training. It's definitely not as easy as hiring an SDA. Paying healthcare workers more is likely a step in the right direction, but you also have to take into consideration the effect this would have on our fiscal position on a permanent basis, especially with our ageing population.
To be fair- safer he doesnt go out- never know who might have the virus. I hope he finds other ways to pass the time- the whole covid situation just sucks. Atb to him.
to be honest courts and government don't want to deal with risk of a racial or religious conflict if 377A repealed.
to be honest given how LWM has performed in parliament and how he is so thick headed, I would have called him even more cheebye names. But still its parliament and they shouldn't do it
to be honest I also don't think it's that bad. Other f&b places 2.2k 5 days a week 9hr shifts same same if u count how much more siong 6 vs 5 is
to be honest I don't see how saying something looks weird is racism. people have different sense of aesthetics. In the end it's clothes, and some people like it, some people don't. Laughing at people wearing it makes them assholes, but not necessarily racist, though it can be if the main reason they're laughing is race and not because of the clothes itself. Like I'm Chinese and I think those doing the lion dance look like idiots at times. I also find all those tiktok and Fortnite dances cringe. In the end they're just dances and it's fine to not like them. Not saying racism doesn't exist, but just pointing out that laughing at a dance may not be racism
To be honest I don't think any of those parents can even browse Reddit to see this post
To be honest I have many chinese friends who are very racist towards Indian people. Especially guys who have been through NS. I don't know why and it baffles me. And they always ask me why I am friends with Indian people even though I am Chinese . I normally just ignore their question. I am sorry for what you are going through. Having been a minority in other countries I totally get what you mean.
To be honest I was a little racist toward other races when I was young too, mostly due to influence from my parents and relatives. Elders need to stop saying racist things towards kids or they'll think it's acceptable.
to be honest I would have badmouthed LMW too but wtheck Vivian why would you screech liddat in parliament? what the fuck I notice even pm lee turn to look at him after that haiz don't know how to behave in Parliament
To be honest I wouldn't be surprised if covid restrictions were still in place in 2025. Entertainment has already been closed for over a year despite low community cases. Hope you remember this in 2025
to be honest I'm not surprised. The Singapore government does not tend to consider the sandwiched minorities in the first instance. Here's hoping they think of you next and soon. Take care.
to be honest I've been thinking like that since years ago. Those people also saying that our Indo best president is Soeharto, literally Indo version of Putin or Marcos, who stole billion dollars from my country and has his own death squad.
to be honest if u were in the same train will u help? I thought of this qns myself alot.
to be honest it doesn't get any easier, there's always some bigger target. He just went to a local university.didn't even go for exchange.let alone a masters from oxbridge or ivy league .
to be honest just because it doesn't affect 'many' Singaporeans doesn't diminish the importance of it? That's literally why it's called minority rights . Also I don't think they were naive as to expect LW to do anything about it directly. It's just sending a general message that they want change . Like if people in the US protest for 'defund the police' they don't actually expect the police department to poof magically go bankrupt. I agree that LW has other pressing things to focus on at the moment, and maybe there was a better way to do this, but I think you have to acknowledge that really means a lot to some people.
to be honest no eh, I've been living here over a decade and the area has improved tremendously in terms of facilities and scenery. I really do like Jamus and want him in parliament. But as for the residents of Sengkang, the People's Action Party has done an excellent job and many Singaporeans here, like the MP here Dr Lam Pin Min in my case . His poll numbers increased from 2011 to 2015. Alot of people, such as my friends parents and my own parents want to vote for the People's Action Party. I'm only 18 so can't vote but am heavily invested in foreign and local politics. As much as I want Jamus in parliament, I personally feel running in Sengkang was a mistake. And to be frank, even if I could vote, seeing how much my estate has improved alot, more so in recent years and having seen and interacted with Dr Lam Pin Min throughout my short life, my vote would go to Dr Lam Pin Min thus the People's Action Party. Nothing against opposition,its just my perception, in fact I do want to deny People's Action Party the 32 seats. Of course I'm still young haven't experienced the tough world yet and my perception might and definitely would change once I experience the real, real life. But as for now, the choice Sengkang is as clear muddy waters.
to be honest no one knows and it won't matter anyway. What matters is each person give 110 percent and fight to the end with every last drop of blood. As long as we can push them back and hold them at the 100 to 200 KM in JB we will stand a chance for the US to respond. Beyond that we're nit capable for weeks of warfare , its really not like in jack neo movies, unfortunately.sorry fortunately. I do not know anymore
to be honest the first 12 months of our NS is enough for most national serviceman to be combat ready. The last 12 months is just doing saikang and garrison duty.
to be honest there're some people that are enthusiastic in preaching as they learn more, but most of them wont do this kind of public preaching because it is wrong in many ways. The people who do the preaching usually in going to rural locations in other countries aka 'daawah' are mostly loosely known as Tabligh people . Most of them are frown upon even by the Muslim community as they do preaching work but I know some and they are not as what some would call 'strictly religious'. The ones that you have to be careful of are the one like you had just met. These people are usually doing what is basically so called 'preaching' but are actually associated with cult like activities. They try to get you to be interested and then ask you to join their Islamic study groups. They're likely brainwashed themselves and taught to get more people to join in thier cults. Not trying to be nosy myself but if you are malay and muslim by religion, do take some time in just expanding in your basic understanding and knowledge of Islam even if its just the surface basics . This is just to protect yourself against these type of people whom use thier extra bit of knowledge on the religion to make you confused in your thinking as they slide themselves into your mind. Do be careful guys.
to be honest this is what I'm lowkey afraid of too. I hope this won't spark more incidents like this in the future.
to be honest this kind of appeal to emotion is bound to work in most countries, not just Singapore.
To be honest we can't really share much at this point. He is a surprise new addition to the party so this is the first time many of us saw him. But his resume is absolutely stacked.
to be honest we need more then 24hrs in a day so let me roughly say it imagine ur a student maybe 17 or 18 i think this may apply to adults too im not sure we wake up at 5plus to get ready for school and stuff while some wake up maybe later like 6 or 7 for work I guess and we will either be in school till 3plus or 5 while work maybe 9 to 5 or so or later and by the time we reach home it like maybe 6 or 7 plus or even later for adults and imagine if we have hw and stuff likee project ls while for the adults they take home work lets say they take about an ur or so for dinner and to wind down its already 8 or 9 plus doing thier work damn its gonna hit 11 plus or later and dh time to rlly relax and rest and u have ti go sleep already which u are left with a few hrs of sleep well its either we have poor time management or Singapore work life or so is just exhausting but oh wells we used to it le
To be honest with how it was going I wouldn't be shocked that in some universe Balakrishnan was going to offer him an NCMP on the spot, only fearing it would sound presumptuous.
to be honest with our small size and small military,and assuming no one rushes to our aid, we cant really have much of a deterrence if the enemy really wants to invade singapore I think we're screwed if there's sea born invasion from the south though maybe there's a chance that we can make it difficult if the invasion comes from Johor. I'm just curious how the normal Singaporean's morale will be like if touch wood there's an invasion. I do have some hopes for our regular soldiers that will take the offensive strike, the thing is what comes after that which is unpredictable. I guess it's good that Singapore parks alot of MNCs here and we host US ships here as well, so at least it feels like a if you attacks us you attack others as well?
To be honest, as a student, a sense of competition exists. In general, there are other similar schools that rival mine, and this is also the case with CCAs. This has got me thinking What if there was 1 truly universial, multi purpose school in Singapore? Travel times would certainly suck, but disregarding that, what would life be like if all students went to that kind of school?
To be honest, I can see both schools of thoughts - the onus should be on the platform listing these ads. If platforms make it harder for flat out blanket restrictions without valid reasons to be added, it will force the listing party to comply or look elsewhere. This way, if you have specific requirements - sure, go find your self.
to be honest, I got no shame also. I have no qualms dangling my son in front of in-laws and parents and saying Look at this cute boy then let them fill in the blanks.
To be honest, I wonder whether young Singaporeans would survive a national crisis I would probably be the first to die like how the previous generations survived the Japanese Occupation, riots and severe poverty. We can safely walk in the streets in the middle of the night and enjoy reliable access to cheap food, clean water, decent housing, comfortable transport and fast Internet, but do we take all of these for granted or do we realise how much it takes to provide these and how we could easily lose it?
to be honest, if Kristen Han believes supporting such causes, why doesn't she do it and stand along with them? Seeing these youths put their futures in jeopardy while she stands at the side adding her commentary?
to be honest, if you followed the Twitter updates above, the police did try to negotiate and talk with them properly. What they did is against the law. I'm pretty sure the police didn't even want to arrest them, but he gave them a move on order or be arrested and they chose to be arrested. I don't think we should be condemning the arrest, we should be condemning the transphobia.
to be honest, litigation really benefit tenants over landlord, which is why landlord really want it to be as hassle free as possible. Its almost impossible to get back any money beyond confiscating the deposit.
To be honest, this does not surprise me. I work in the f&b industry and it is a six day work week. I average about five hours of sleep a day, with eight hours on my off-day, usually more because I am too tired to wake up. I'm not sure how many other jobs or even f&b professionals keep these kinds of hours, but this is just my personal experience. But it seems that I am not the only one with these kinds of hours. And it is definitely not due to gaming. I don't even have time for gaming these days.
to be honest, this is an insult to some third world countries that even recognize LGTBI marriages and adoptions
to be honest, you cannot deny the government is relatively competent. Only problem is there are some areas which they have not devoted their effort to improve, and thus fall behind other issues that were given priority. Public pressure may help.
To be morbid, when yourself or family member touch wood is admitted or requires medical care, you'll find out whether it's past the breaking point There has been multiple studies done about errors or poorer health outcomes for patients when nursing or medical manpower patient is reduced. With the droves of nurses and doctors leaving the public sector, wouldn't be surprised
To begin with, coordinating this type of disaster response is literally one of the purposes of having an embassy. No it's not easy, but it's necessary and definitely not beyond the resources of an adequately staffed embassy. And no one is saying they should only have one flight. There should be as many as there needs to be.
To chime in about this mentality of equating people's type of tertiary education taken, I find that people simply care more about the background of the education rather than how well someone did in their line of education. It's really something so deeply entrenched that almost everyone presumes that anything not JC level equals less capable. And yet I know that my borderline JC certificate means jack to any employer out there today. people just don't bother to look beyond superficiality.
To clarify, I just mean there is a significant % of people that will go a&e no matter what the government says. With more cases, there will be more people going. And that's why there is a 10 hour wait now
To clarify, just wielding a knife does not satisfy AOJ. Lethal force is only proportionate to the situation when there is a legitimate risk of loss of life. In other words, the guy holding the knife has to both actively display the intent to harm as well as be in or try to enter the range to harm. Which in this case he satisfies all boxes and they were clear to shoot
To compare the suffering that me, an expat, or worse, a local, has with the foreigner workers is a level of stupidity that is hard to contain in words.
To effectively minimise the risk of transmission at this point of time, WFH should be a default arrangement. This ruling of no more then 50% at the workplace is a half-hearted move.
To elaborate on this - the majority gets safety and stability while the marginalised do not. So if we're comfortable with sidelining certain groups while we live on in safety and stability. ok.
To everyone that responded to me in Feb and March when I was pushing for us to vaccinate quickly, and they said 'we have low cases here, less risk to not get vaccinated' - a deep and hearty FUCK YOU.
To give a brief summary of the game, it is an action-RPG where you fight creatures from local folklore like the Pontianak, Toyol and Penanggal. And also eat local food to boost your stats I've been working on this for a while and I've posted about my game a couple of times on this sub Here here here and here. It has been quite a journey so far and a lot more work still needs to be done. My efforts have gained quite a bit of support and I am really really grateful. One of my supporters wrote an awesome Patreon post about how the game's fantasy setting was inspired by various locales. We were required to provide a free demo in order to participate in the Steam Next Fest. It is currently up on our Steam page so do try it out if you are so inclined!
To me, having a kid in Singapore is a luxury. You have to be mentally and financially capable before deciding to have one.
to me, they should at least allow them to enter malls, since they will be wearing masks. can takeaway food from restaurants in the malls as well. it's your personal choice not to be vaccinated but this will force a lot of them to do so, which is good.
To my understanding 377A is a public law, so you can only be be prosecuted by a public prosecutor. The AG could simply not file a case. The AG is the public prosecutor. The attorney-general of Singapore is the legal adviser to the Government of Singapore and the public prosecutor .
To people who aren't used to their tactics. Unfortunately, I've seen them employ these tactics far too often that it's hard to believe in them. Lee Hsien Loong's crying and apology didn't stop WP from capturing Aljunied so probably why People's Action Party decided not to apologize anymore. Still kept the tears.
To piss these people off, I tell them I'm more evil that devil or iblis Insert devil is huge fan .jpg Then they ask aren't you human? No, if being human is to constantly trod on other and judge them, I rather be a demon
To protect the 200,000 people above the age of 60 who remain unvaccinated . No. If they want to die so bad let them, idiots wanna live a stupid life then die that way too. Why make us all suffer for a small group of selfish boomers
To the best of its abilities. When a citizen works or studies overseas it is a risk that they need to accept.
To the cowards complaining about Singapore's contraints - high prices, NS obligations, housing prices, long working hours, and 101 other adulting obligations - MAN THE FUCK UP. Realise and accept that the government and opposition parties DO NOT have a solution for everything but they are trying their best to work with what we got. Stop thinking they are gods and should hand you life on a silver plate. Fucking take ownership and accept the cards you are dealt with and stop this self pity or external blaming shit. Once you develop the confidence to think that the government are just normal people like you and me and assess their moves in this context, you will gain better appreciation of the trade-offs they are managing. You can't please everyone in an increasing diverse population. So, if you were the government, what would YOU do to make baby making more conducive? Oh wait, maybe you should also think of the trade-offs. If you are a Singaporean, accept that the cards we are dealt with and move with it. Or be a fucking rockstar and make a difference - in politics, in business, in academia, in professional fields, in arts, in sports, in tech, in fucking crypto for gods' sake. Go whine to your gf or bf or spouse or dog or fish or reddit thread but once you are done please believe that you can make a good, fulfilling life for yourself and your loved ones at least.
To this website They reply fast on your queries and gives you the rights quotation that suits your need of their services.
To those commenting on this Ignore him. Bunch of similar accounts following the same naming format xxxx-xxxxx , two words and one string of 4-digit numbers are on trying to hijack and mislead conversations on the Russia-Ukraine conflicts.
To those commenting on this Ignore him. Bunch of similar accounts following the same naming format xxxx-xxxxx , two words and one string of 4-digit numbers are on trying to hijack and mislead conversations on the Russia-Ukraine conflicts. Nvm
to vaccinate or not is a personal choice, we can never expect everyone to want to get vaccinated in a country - that is absurd. the old people do not owe us anything. the problem here really is that we are not able to face the truth that we will not hit zero cases even when 90 or 100 percent of Singapore is vaccinated. clusters have formed at various points of the year consistently regardless of vaccination status as well. the truth is covid is endemic and we should act like it. that is the root of the problem here - that we are panicking on the smallest uptick of cases and imposing draconian measures on millions of lives at will.
Today I learnt that Yusof bin Ishak went to Victoria, and that's why it's on the back of the $2 notes.
Today just reported that the 16 yr old has a previous history where he was admitted to IMH in 2019 for attempted suicide. Surely there must have been a triggering event that caused him to snap or it can be an accumulation of pent up emotions.
Today Online is so kind. Such chill, rainy weather today and they are giving us articles to make blood boil so that we don't feel cold. Some companies deserve to get fucked. edit To be clear, I'm talking about the companies demanding MC. Name and shame the fuckers.
Today, we salute a man above men. Despite his young stature, he simultaneously established dominance over every Singaporean watching NDP 52 today. A true man of men indeed.
Tony Tan's son was given a long NS deferment, until he finished his PHD overseas, then returned to serve NS as a defense medical scientist , which is a very special vocation indeed.
Too many cooks in the kitchen. The person who recorded did the best thing they could, they spread the message of the heroes
Took the words right out of my mouth dude. To these kb warriors, if you're not there, then just stfu. Don't apply your sense of morals and justice on others. If people don't want to help, then that's their prerogative. You don't know what they're feeling, maybe them seeing it going down made them scared and gave them a fight-or-flight response in their body. To me, the guy taking the video is quite the hero, at least now there's some record of what took place.
Total respect for plugging on despite her injury! She's done her best. That's all that matters!
Totally agree with you here. But we need to wait for all the social justice warriors to come here and denounce for an apparent lack of empathy to seniors. Pfft, I bet these SJWs don't even take the MRT or bus that often.
Totally agree, for every young couple worried about build-to-order prices, there are 5 other homeowners worried about a cooling property market. Affordable housing isn't politically viable.
Totally agree. Our highest mountain is a hill. We can't see stars at night. Our light pollution is rough, and definitely fucks with our sleep cycle. Our seas are full of ships and lights. Our rivers are straightened and dammed up, turned into canals and reservoirs. Our jungles are small and devoid of megafauna, and most other nature is curated and arranged into neat little parks. If not that, they are reserved for military training. I only really started properly appreciating nature after I served NS. Even more after I studied abroad, where the countryside was a short bike ride from my doorstep. Our distancing from the natural world is such a sad compromise for prosperity.
Totally agree. Some friends and cousins trying to one-up each other by hosting their banquets first at Marina area, then at RWS, then at MBS. And then they top it off by going to some European country for their honeymoon. I mean it's fine if you are doing trade-offs, or if you're a banker or lawyer or graduate associate. But please don't do it if you have to take a renovation loan in the end. Curate the guestlist settle for a small cosy venue, a restaurant, or a smaller hotel. If parents are traditional, just settle a mini banquet for the old folks, and do a casual catering for the young ones.
totally agree. we are what we are. getting out of reddit is just another form escapism. how long can we hide away from discrimination before we self destruct? in my opinion, racism is just a form of many types of discrimination. eg, a not so well of chinese kid in a class of well of students would probably dislike rich kids attitude. or a janitor may label university graduates as elitists. bottom line is, as long as we are Aware of what are our own Expectations, and Accept what life throws at us, life itself can be much easier not saying it will be smooth sailing . if OP longs to be accepted by others' Expectations, and not be aware of it herself as to the why , life can be miserable. . we see discrimination, perhaps it is because we want to see discrimination.
Totally useless indeed. Hope Ministry of Education finally ups it's games and actually start caring about students behaviours and mental health. And make their teachers and school counsellors and staff actually be mindful of their students welfares. And be mindful when kids are reaching out. Don't wait for them to burst or breakdown or act up like this. Speaking from a horrible personal experience as a parent.
Tough but think of your $99 as a lesson fee well spent. You probably will never forget this situation and it'll benefit you later in life how to say NO to others. When I was young I was also approached but this time by religious folks trying to make me join their club or whatever . I was very uncomfortable throughout the process but like you, I was too polite to say no. I always remember this situation and later in life when I find myself in an uncomfortable situation, I will say NO firmly and walk away. I extend this to not just pushy sales situations, but also ANY situations in life where others try to bully or take advantage of me. A firm NO usually scares them away.
Tough staying around people if they did those things to you. Can't even imagine parents thinking of doing such things. But, if it's even possible for you to discuss this. What were those infractions? What did you do or they thought you did, that warranted waterboarding or breaking your fingers was it some physical punishment or you fought with them physically or something? If you don't feel comfortable talking about it, hey, that's fine too.
town council will be run by WP, but your grassroot organizations will most likely be helmed by People's Action Party members
Toxic environment for junior doctors? I'm not doubting you, just curious to know more. Care to elaborate?
TraceTogether was lauded and advertised across the globe for the way it handles privacy concerns until Singapore government was decided that privacy isn't that important anymore.
Traditionally, most of the dowry is returned anyway. This is because the girl's family doesn't want to be seen as selling their daughter so it is customary to return the majority of it. Like if you give $8888 they'll probably return $6888 or something.
Trained fighter? I've never been in a fight but I know enough about fighting to know that.
Trained. Watching alone will not allow him to have such smooth and precise strikes. This guy is trained.
Transcript of the speech Thank you very much, Mr President. We are meeting today in a historic emergency special session because the UN Security Council was unfortunately unable to discharge its primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security as a result of the veto cast by the Russian Federation, which is regrettable. We welcome the convening of this emergency special session, as it allows all countries, especially the small countries, to raise their voice, to state their views, and to register their concerns in this universal organ of the United Nations. Mr President, Singapore has always taken a consistent position on the sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity of all countries. Singapore is a staunch supporter of the rules-based multilateral system and of the United Nations. The unprovoked invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation is a clear and gross violation of the fundamental norms of International Law and of the UN Charter. The UN Charter prohibits the use of force and acts of aggression against another sovereign state. This is a matter of principle for all small states and a matter of fundamental importance to all members of the General Assembly. For a tiny city state like Singapore, this is an existential issue. A world order where 'might is right', or 'the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must', would be profoundly inimical to the security and survival of small states. We cannot accept one country attacking another without justification, arguing that its independence was a result of, and I quote, 'historical errors and crazy decisions', unquote. We simply cannot accept such an argument. Such an argument and rationale would go against the internationally-recognised legitimacy and territorial integrity of many countries, including Singapore. This is why Singapore condemns, in the strongest terms possible, any unprovoked invasion of a sovereign country under any pretext. We deplore the Russian Federation's special military operation against Ukraine, both its operation in the Donbas region and the broader land, air and sea attacks across Ukraine, including on Kyiv, the capital city. We also note with great sadness and regret, reports of the growing number of casualties and the loss of many innocent lives as a result of this unjustified attack and act of war. We have taken note of the UN Humanitarian and Emergency Relief Coordinator's comments about the scale of the humanitarian assistance required to help those affected and we call for safe and unhindered access for humanitarian assistance to Ukraine and all those in need. Mr President, we reiterate that the sovereignty, political independence, and territorial integrity of all countries, including Ukraine, must be respected within its internationally-recognised borders. The Secretary-General of the United Nations has stated that he considers the actions of the Russian Federation to be a violation of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine and inconsistent with the principles of the Charter of the United Nations. We agree with the Secretary-General entirely. Let me repeat We agree with the Secretary-General entirely, and we support his call for the Russian Federation to withdraw all its troops from the territory of Ukraine and for the responsible actors to immediately cease all hostilities and prioritise diplomacy to address all issues peacefully in accordance to the UN Charter and International Law. We also support the good officials of the UN Secretary-General to be deployed in any way possible to facilitate diplomatic contacts and negotiations.
Translation I have to sacrifice some of you, but that's a sacrifice I'm willing to make.
Transphobia is one of the most pointless things ever. Just let people do what they will, the only line should be when it affects others negatively and that's the truth
Travel nurse are expensive. Money for manpower they no have, money for mbs expansion they definitely have.
Treat like dirt? I give them eye contact, smile and make them think I will speak with them, then never stop walking, break eye contact, and continue with life .
Tribalism. It's human nature there is no avoiding it no matter where you go. Exactly like you said, take those people exhibiting racist behaviors to a place where they are the minority and they will likely face similar treatment you experienced. Frankly I don't have a good solution to rid something that ingrained into human nature. But I do want to say that if you admit defeat by shedding your own identity and culture, they would have won. I say don't let them win. Lastly, I recognize that it's easier said than done. I'm just typing this out in the comfort of my own home, lifting only my fingers. At the end of the day, whatever you choose to do does not diminish the struggle you've been through and will continue to face. But you are the one who needs to decide what you are going do about it.
Tried it last week and first off, loved it. Tried the mage class for a solid hour. Explored a fair bit of what the HQ could do for u. Likes 1. World design feels so good. Genuine homage to local flora n fauna complete with uwu bird. . That really caught me by surprise. 2. Skill tree flexibility. Always nice to have options. 3. Crafting, socketing and other modifiers are always welcome. Love that. 4. The food selection in the marketplace. Got hokkien mee damn shiok. Dislikes 1. Inventory management and equipping and buying and selling. Whatever stuff that had to do with items. Maybe cause still demo so no tutorial yet but I found it counter intuitive and not as straightforward as other arpg titles. Ended up selling stuff or buying stuff without meaning to. Maybe I missed the tutorial but if I did, I didn't get the inventory system still. 2. Rune modifiers didn't seem to add much to attack power. Felt underwhelming and I took a long time clearing simple mobs. 3. Character design with a little bit more differentiation in how the classes look 4. It's pixel art but hoping for a slightly more detailed render of the food pics. That's it so far. Got chance I play more and try out other classes. Keep it up brother! edited to take up less screen real estate. Sorry for long winded post.
Troop morale definitely plays a huge part in this. For those not familiar with the topic - this an equivalent of Malaysia invading Singapore. Every other Russian has friends and family in Ukraine. If you're sent to kill people you considered brothers yesterday you really have to be a sociopath to keep fighting, orders or not. No wonder there has been a ton of evidence of Russian troops just abandoning their trucks and running away.
True - most on ground reports for eg put the numbers of deaths at 3-7x higher based on the rise seen in the crematoria. The current numbers are definitely understated
True American piglets cops would have mag dumped this dude and yelled at him to show them his hands while he bleeds out on the ground
True brah. I'm blessed to be living here. Can even have a civil marriage if I want. Nobody can do anything even if I'm eating outside during Ramadan .
True since I have been working with Chinese companies. We are not treated as them still. They will still take care of their kind and not u since u r not from their country. Just imagine giving all company hampers to their own rather than the member in their team which work hard for the project
True that. I mean PRs, New Citizens and expats will have their families stuck here in times of war. Should we at least give them a chance to defend themselves and their families? Everyone should have to do BMT at least if they want to work and live in Singapore. It's for their own good.
True true and sorry to write in a Sunday so late, could you have this done my Monday8am
True! I don't care about the points either. but I just don't want the sub to be crowded out with poor quality comments or wrong information.
True! I was feeling a little bit emotional myself watching them. I have high hopes for this team, really hope they will have the chance to shine in parliament. Am a little sad to have moved out of SK almost 3 years ago, .
True, but there are also asshole teachers that need to be put in their place. Said JC teacher sounded like one.
True, but with that much money, you would be better spending your time elsewhere, in peace.
True, there were a few times I've actually dreamt of missing deadlines and that my boss was lecturing me in my dreams and when u wake up, it's the same shit all over again.
True, they do have more medical knowledge and would be able to make the correct judgement. Its just that I have come across articles where a person decides to undergo HRT or serious at a young age, only for the treatment to not be entirely successful, that they regret making the choice to do so or they do not have the funds to continue the treatment I'm sure the cost of HRT or serious isn't cheap, just want to make sure an individual is entirely sure that they want to do it and have the funds necessary to continue the treatment.
True. I always stay up until 2 or 3 AM to watch Futurama and play Warzone
True. I wonder what sort of Islam he believed in. I'm betting it would be the equivalent of American Hillbilly Jesus who saved America from the Mexicans in 1812 by the massacring of Injuns or something equally fascinating and horrific.
Truth is that singaporeans dont give a fucking shit about other people. Just lip service, clap and praise today, tomorrow fuck up some poor underpaid nurse's day.
truth is whatever the reasons, your risk of having the virus and being very sick from it are high. the measures are not to punish those who choose not to be vaccinated they are there to especially protect all unvaccinated, especially those like yourself who cannot take the vaccine for legit reasons.
Truthfully it's only recently he's brought it up. After 30 years together you'd think it wouldn't matter. He's never been a super strict Muslim, mostly fasts during Ramadan and doesn't eat pork but that's it.
try CDG new app called zig! got $3 and $5 promo code that you can find on their ig
Try going comment sections of MSM, whenever there are some news remotely related to PRCs and India Indians, you'll see disparaging remarks not exclusively made by the majority race.
trying to lose the cheebye weight. I didn't even go thru the cheebye you guys did, and fuck me the weight I put on just can't seem to melt off. If I was in Singapore, I'd literally double in size.
Turkey as a muslim majority country used to have dogs, their own beer and liquorice alcohol, and there is even black market pork which can be seen to be bought discretely in the neighbourhood areas. I would agree it's just a spectrum and every individual has their own range. Turkey has changed a lot since I last visited, so it might not be so now
TW self-harm The only thing i remember from sex ed back then was that there's a scene in the video where the guy leans over the girl and the camera pans to the standing fan. The next scene they will be at the clinic with the girl finding out about her pregnancy . I'm not sure if the people in charge are honestly aware of how much it affects the psyche of young LGBT kids when they're excluded from the syllabus. Positive inclusion of LGBT segment would help to reinforce that there's nothing wrong with them. When my peers were all exploring and learning more about themselves, and some getting into their first ever relationships, I was in my head wondering what was wrong with me and why I was not like other boys. The only place I learned and saw about sex and sexuality was through porn, which is admittedly not a good example. Constantly worried about my identity, and how people around me would react, to the extent that I fell into depression and self harmed. I am definitely happy with who I am today. I feel grateful that I managed to turn out okay. Of course, the problems with being LGBT here in Singapore never ends, with a different set of problems now. I'm nearing 30 but it feels like I'm just reaching my youth stage, exploring around and being carefree. But sometimes I wonder how different my childhood could've been. We're constantly told that our society is not ready for LGBT rights. But how can sentiments change positively when there's not even opportunities to learn about it in a safe environment.
Two paths you can take here, look up progressive Islam, or leave Islam entirely. Either way, there'll be Muslims who would say you're 'sesat'.
typical answer, though I would have liked to know the real reason why too. I guess warning shots could be dangerous too especially if we have so many tall buildings around. Or maybe hit some poor bird chilling in the sky
typical communication between ground workers, middle management and leadership committee. guys who had served NS should know this especially well. to the leadership, it is just looking at human resources and equipment. as a side note, given that our ministry for labour was changed to ministry of ManPower, you can tell how our leaders value the workers. the workers are just meat robots which magically makes the hospitals function once a certain minimum number is met. the middle management are sandwiched between leadership and workers need to placate both parties and not jeopardize their career. the workers are just faceless meat sacks that, unfortunately to leaders, are required to make those fancy equipment work. not surprised at all.
Typical crew for an ambulance is 3, and are as such - Paramedic, the commander of the ambulance and has received the most medical training in the crew. Typically a regular, however sometimes it may be a Full-Time National Serviceman fulltime national serviceman note, this is rare, and is only because the fulltime national serviceman has had some medical education background prior to enlisting. - Ambulance driver, another regular who is responsible for driving. They do not have paramedic certification, however they do have Emergency Medical Technician EMT certification and are able to assist the paramedic. - EMT, most likely a fulltime national serviceman with the said certification, they provide assistance to the paramedic. On some occasions a trainee will ride along with the crew, however for the main part the crew consists of these 3 personnel. Emergency ambulances are generally quite 'fixed' to their respective stations, so that means even if the ambulance finishes a call, it will return back to its station or firepost to await the next call.
Typical Singaporean. Never face hardship before, so don't realise how good it is to stay here. Ukrainians have far lower standards of living than Singapore. Why do you think they're still defending their homeland?
U do u space tab space works also space space continue Works too Also, while we are code reviewing, True, not true
U guys deserve so much respect from everyone for your service and not be treated like that.
u live your life looking towards retirement? how do u define retirement? theres no law that says u need to get married, or buy a house, or have kids. u feel miserable because u live by society's rules.
U think press button means the train stop and transcomm parachute in to subdue the guy . Likely the button alr pushed and control station informed
u willing to pay 15-20% for your BTOs and other construction projects? Your argument is fallacious since land cost is the dominant cost in real estate. Singapore real estate is actually one of the most expensive in the world behind Hong Kong, Monaco, New York, etc. Our government sees it as its responsibility to extract the highest amount possible for the land leases it sells to property developers. In return, the government accepts the fait accompli and allows local construction to leverage on cheap labour so that they can maintain profitability. There are many layers of nice profitability built upon cheap foreign labour. In fact, they have grown so addicted, fat and addled from it that none of them are higher up in the value chain - for instance, the tunnelling work for our underground train network are all filled by foreign construction firms used to operating in the global environment. Lee Kuan Yew once mentioned that he wanted the spurs in our sides . To be honest, maybe the spurs should be in the side of the business owners or industry leaders to invest back into their companies.
Uff now the gatekeepers of malls have to check people in AND their vaccination. Cue Gandalf YOU SHALL NOT PASS
Ugh fuck if they didn't lie and backtrack on the privacy concerns and tracing data I wouldn't be as reluctant and concerned about downloading the app or getting the physical token
Ugh. Let's agree to disagree then. Just because we both have differing points doesn't mean either point is invalid. I understand yours but it seems like you don't understand mine. Let me put it this way As a chicken rice eater for the past 20 years, I've eaten enough to feel nauseating if I eat another one, doesn't matter how it's cooked, steamed, fried, with other ingredients, etc. Just like a different angle of the Singapore skyline doesn't make it any less boring in that sense. Geddit?
Uh, does this mean almost 40% of patients who got covid between May 21 to Jan 22 died, or am I missing something here? edit wait, so where's the other 60%?
Uhhh basic human rights are hardly a matter of parliament, they're generally handled by whatever Supreme Court bodies the country has available. It's dangerous to relegate such critical matters to a Parliament.
Uhhh isn't this protest all wrong though? Why would the ministry of education subsidies your hormonal treatment? Am i missing something new?
Uhhh, no. You see that lady in sweats and flip flops? Looks like a mother of 3 coming back from the grocery store? She could've easily stepped in and asked politely for him to stop. If that didn't work, I'm sure she could've easily wrestled him to the ground - why be so selfish? I am being sarcastic
Uhm brother I rather they half measure and do it like this now than full measure and close off public transport also
Uhm, guys. I don't know if you can just dodge draft like we do it here, but you definitely can decide not to marry, use condoms and rent a room.
Uhm, pretty sure they were Peacefully protesting. I dont think we've seen any protest spiral out of control before at the speakers' corner, isnt that just a slippery slope argument? And also they're a group of 5 which is safe, no? I do see what you mean by echo chamber but how self-centered is this really? people are trying to make their voices heard for those who are marginalised by the system and it takes a lot of bravery to do this when all of us know the consequences. I feel that this was the only way to raise more awareness, you've seen the statements by Ministry of Education, they have addressed the issue really poorly. And I'm honestly not even sure what are the larger considerations at play apart from antagonising their voter base, perhaps actually separating church and state, and learning to be kinder and more empathetic to marginalised groups?
uhmm. with all do respect, im an Indonesian but its just uhmm this post is kind offensive in my opinion , some of use also suffer from it, if you want to just bash the shit out of me go ahead, but please just finish reading it and read it with an open mind i know this meant to be a joke, but its just insensitive, a lot of people are suffering from it, while the person or company who did this should be held responsible, but tons of charities had been raised to cover up the expenses for people who are in need. President, Government and Civil Services are doing their jobs as well though i agree they should have do it quicker i am studying abroad and im worried about my family health as well you know and a lot of people suffer the affects from this as well Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, etc. im not bashing like an internet troll, i do also have cousins at Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore as well my point is not everything can be used as a joke you know especially when it comes to things like life, health, security, sexuality, religion, ideology, politics, and other sensitive stuffs. especially in this era of people who are extremely sensitive, trust me, said one wrong thing and you will become public enemy number one, especially when you are at the internet, people thing that they are invincible, no one is That is all im trying to say, all pack in one, Thank You. TL DR This shit will die and no one will care nor read it and i will just be bashed my the whole community.
uild a navy base to help them and to act as a deterrent. Y isn't china a hated nation in india?
UK ministers are not paid millions for your information, the UK PM's salary in 2020 was 161k only vs Singapore PM's $2.2m annual salary. Our country is smaller than London.
Ukraine does show that NATO is functionally dead Ukraine is not in NATO. Ukraine has not asked for troops either. just equipment and ammunition. They want to fight their own war.
Ukraine ended conscription in 2013. No conscripts are fighting as of now. Reservists from there are being organised. Russia is the one with the conscript army. edit As of 2014 conscription had been reinstated in Ukraine.
Ukraine here be like We elect a comedian as our president. Other countries be like We elect smart businessman as president so he can be a clown on TV.
Ukraine is being supplied by 30 of the richest countries in the world. Putin just sent the 18 year olds so that Ukrainians have some target practice. What a good sport!
Ukraine is using reserves and now armed civilians too. Morale makes a huge difference defending one's homeland is always much easier than attacking in terms of morale, and this just gets magnified with a conscript army. For this reason, Singapore will never invade national serviceman will literally just desert and who can blame them? In addition, rumours are coming out that a lot of soldiers sent to the front lines from Russia didn't even know they were going into a real war. It seems like the problem isn't necessarily training, but that no one wants to fight at all.
Ukrainian war is as much of a civil war as Vietnam. Both are not civil wars dumbass.
Um, yeah nah. I live in Australia, Singapore is much worse. I mean, you might come across a random idiot from time to time, in Singapore racism is a part of daily life, as the OP's post will attest. And imagine what it's like for people from other Asian backgrounds who aren't Chinese, Malay, Indian. They get treated even worse. Get your facts straight.
Um, you've just unintentionally described REACH formerly known as the Feedback Unit. Unless you were being sarcastic and I failed to detect this. Whether REACH is effective is another matter, one which I have no experience or knowledge to speak for or against.
Um. This is a protest. I guess time to start crowd funding. But I thought India is already banned?
Um., not true. They will probably get charge in court. Remember the guys who protest with smiley signs? Protesting without a proper license and doing anywhere else but Hong lim Park is punished quite severely in Singapore. But these kids should already know and be ready to face consequences. I reckon they went into this prepared to be martyrs.
Umh only if they are stupid. Who do you think benefits the most of these studys? You think low wage workers paid a bunch of scientist or data analist to perform a expensive and long servey? Or do you think heads of industrys pay to find these things? I get that its cool to say manager dumb, me smart but unless you work for a shitty company this is not the case. And again, this doesnt apply to all sectors, plenty of examples can me thaught of where its not worth it, or where its not possible. Maybe try to look at things from multiple angles.
Umm a few days ago on this sub, got people say Aust and NZ anything also lock down. And that shows they have poor management .
Ummm how to uninstall if I don't have Grab installed to begin with.? maybe I'm just behind the times, but I do my cabbing by phone booking
unable to read or write. I think if the remark was made because of LMW's continuous stutter earlier at the word statistics , then he might be trying to say that LMW don't know how to read properly
Unconfirmed, but a lot of the people in the TT community are saying it's Adam bobrow, a YouTuber or semi pro most known for his gimmicky style and challenging pros around the world. Someone also mentioned that he had played with Mima before and was always referring to her as Mima Chan. Even though she seems sort of fine about it it feels a bit creepy
Undeniable facts regardless anyone's attitude towards vaccines - The taskforce is still knee-jerking on case numbers - There are more infected who are vaccinated in the new clusters - 99% -ish of them are asymptomatic or mild, only 1 senior 70 requiring O2 Whats the big issue then if hardly anyone is sick? karaoke lounge, Fisheries, Markets, and Vaccination status are clearly not the problem - these only serve to divide us. They are counting on people who can't see this to keep us divided.
Undeniably I also enjoyed the snack that was Ken chow +20 kg . Cuddly and cute
Under stress, been a good boy friend or father or mother or sister, or high potential to be a great leader in future.
Unfair hiring is akin to not renting out specifically to Indians. Majority population in Singapore is of Chinese ethnicity. Do you think all of them are being fair in their treatment of Indian tenants? If that was the case, this thread would not have started. I see it as a balance now. Ostracise Indians while renting out and locals get get ostracised while hunting for jobs.
Unfortunately as long as 377A remains and not repealed, sex education here cannot progress and be more inclusive. As Ministry of Education will use it as an excuse to say that they cannot condone homosexual relationships.
Unfortunately I believe it is going to take a few more elections before they change as the majority of voters are still from the boomer generation and in their eyes the ruling party can never do anything wrong
Unfortunately my talent in wittiness only bloomed at the very late age of 21 Don't know what happened to sweet 16.
Unfortunately that's just how it is with the country being so small. Even HK, a city similar to Singapore and commonly compared to, is much more diverse in terms of natural landscape and climate.
Unfortunately the culture of elitism is firmly embedded in Singapore. Dummies go to Normal stream or ITE. Leaders go to Gifted stream or are scholars. Expendable lowlifes go to Infantry or Guards. The cream of the crop goes to OCS. Even among the scholars, there is elitism - there are the local merit scholars and the overseas merit scholars, Teaching scholarships and President's scholarships. And let us not forget, Singaporeans vs Filipinos or Indonesians or Myanmar or Sri Lankans. We talk down to our domestic help and don't even allow them into some of our social clubs to have dinner. Something stinks in our culture and society. But I don't know how to change it.
unfortunately the ministers only hear the good stuff from all the scholars and bootlickers on the ground.
Unfortunately they tends to do well in their careers, they finish work on time and efficiently. Caring and empathy is not included in assessment most of the time. Singaporeans are excellent in taking exams and test, they know the game and rules very well. Caring and empathy is bonus, not necessary.
Unfortunately Xenophobia has become rampant in Singapore lately. From all the derogatory ce ca remarks to anti-foreigner opposition parties gaining representation in parliament, and now this. Really worrying trend that could threaten the peace between the different peoples in our country.
Unfortunately, a lot of Singaporeans agree with him. He may not speak for the vast majority of Singaproeans, but he shares that view with the vast majority of them. Pedantic, I know.
Unfortunately, it can still be skewed to pander to the notion of the righteous police saving the day once again . Even if our news try to depict the incident objectively, the statements by the police have seemed to suggest that our brave souls here neglected to procure a permit and ignored the police's warnings, when in reality, they did all they could and fully understood the consequences of going through with the protest. I think ultimately people will still see what they want to see and it really takes first-hand experience in order to change deep-seated preconceptions.
unfortunately, not many people know about this app. Which shows how poorly marketed it is. Marketing is everything!
Unfortunately, some equalities are more equal than others. Article 10 2 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore Except as expressly authorised by this Constitution, there shall be no discrimination against citizens of Singapore on the ground only of religion, race, descent or place of birth in any law or in the appointment to any office or employment under a public authority or in the administration of any law relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of property or the establishing or carrying on of any trade, business, profession, vocation or employment. Gender and sexual orientation are not in the purview. Hence, it is entirely constitutional to discriminate based on such premises.
Unfortunately, there is no line to draw as casual racism seems to fuel prejudice and discrimination.
Unfortunately, with the government getting people to take charge of their heath, we might see quite a big surge in the number of infections in the coming weeks and anyone immunocompromised really should not be out and about especially in enclosed spaces like malls etc Maybe instead of going to malls, your friend can go to open places such as parks etc?
Unfortunately, yeah. Many of the vocal ones are usually the most zealous, few even going so far as to say that their religion is right and that the others will be sent to the lowest pits of hell jahannam . It's even worse if you're an atheist or agnostic living in a Muslim household. The constant berating is tiring. I would know. I suppose it's the same for other religions as well. End of the day doesn't matter if you fear God. If you are an asshole, then you are an asshole.
Unilateral sanctions It's not really unilateral when it's literally every developed country even the famously-neutral ones like Switzerland
Unions here are on their last breath. Decades of antiunion propaganda, Right to work laws which really allow anything to be used as means of termination , and a history of violent union busting have all but killed the union. I've never been part of a union.
Unity was founded in Denmark, but nowadays we have offices world-wide. The development of all 2D features in the engine happens here in Singapore.
Unless enough national serviceman desert . Then will be a case of 10 men desert equals to death penalty 10,000 men desert equals to amnesty .
Unless people are relying on their parents to pay for the bulk of the wedding and thus have to do it a certain way which is weird in itself - adults should bear their own expenses , why should people give in to their parents' demands? Is it their wedding or their parents' wedding? You need to angkat their parents a bit before the wedding, pay for all these costs, make them happy a bit, if not in the future sure got issue. If wedding cannot make them happy, you sure die 100%, unless your wife also don't like her own parents.
Unless they make it mandatory, a lot of employers aren't gonna give a shit. Especially the SME old fashioned type. I haven't received a notification from my company so no doubt it's business as usual on Monday.
Unpopular fact not everyone is struggling to make ends meet. The truth is there are many millennials who are well to do be it self made or with family support. It just sucks to be poor because it feels like you're working to live and everything feels like a financial burden. Unpopular opinion As for the covid part, it's a chapter in humanity that will eventually be gotten over. Environmental problems? Yeah it's there, but humanity adapts as always. High stress in education system? The way i look at it, it brings out the cream of the crop. National service is no choice, as citizens of Singapore we have to abide the law. Not happy, find ways to move to another place. My 2 cents anyway, downvote me all u want idc
unpopular opinion AOT ending is dogshit and is just a scuffed code geass, isayama wrote himself into a corner that he didn't know how to get out of, the ending isn't really as deep as everyone thinks
Unpopular opinion, but a house owner should be free to choose edit and also advertise their choice to reduce time wastage on both sides their preferred clientele without judgement, especially if they are co-living with their tenants. This can also extend to things like single or attached, gender, diet or even religion. But we don't see people creating such a big hooha over these alternative 'labels'.
Unpopular option Singapore simply cannot be defended. The Straits of Malacca can be blockaged too easily and we WILL be starved out no matter how strong our military is. What we could do is to hold out until other countries intervene. We are hosting US aircraft and navy and they will not want to lose a base here. Our purchase of US military gear is also a sort of protection money as they will not want to lose a customer. This is the thing that guarantee our survival.
Unsurprising. I personally know a number of people being called up to join the party. All cut from the same cloth with the same elitist views.
Until 18, parents can be pressured by the law and associated government bodies to continue to take care of their child
Update if anyone's wondering The fire is from a petrochemical plant in Johor. Haven't seen much news about casualties but hoping that everyone managed to get out safely. We don't need any more tragedies
Update The man got arrested Apparently the victim claimed that he was fine and also declined medical assistance.
Upholding unenforceable laws is such a good look for the judicial system! Seriously fuck this, even if you don't like gay people you can tell that having 377a makes no sense
Upvoted this because I think more people should be aware of this kind of experience and I thank you for sharing your experience here. I can kinda relate to your assimilation efforts because that's what I did too or maybe still do but unconsciously . But at the end of the day, you can't and should not please everyone. It's not healthy and some people are just not worth it. You should do whatever that's comfortable for yourself, that you feel happy with. On a side note, it's a well-written post.
US and Allies should've pacified Russia during World War Two, same like they did with Japan. Look at Japan now
US Citizens oh my god! Police brutality! Excessive and unwarranted! Singapore Uncle Shoot already ! Must shoot!
US taxes citizens by state. SF if I remember correctly is the one of the highest cost of living states and one of the hightest income tax states. Put aside all the glamour of SF, it is not a pleasant place to live unless you are really making bank. So it all depends on the job opportunity.
Use absolute numbers . percentage is deceiving. 1 out of 2 unvaxxed is 50%, 100 out of 10k vaxxed is only 1%.
Used to be a student a few decades ago. Used to be a very stressful intense school good grades are king B students have no hope . Would like to ask existing students, are the student overall mental health better now?
Used to have 1 more sign, go left can go play at board game shop. Technically exercise, just less exertion
used to have this exact type of spider on the foresty area beside the carpark near my house, they are freaking big but just chill by their webs for like ever
Users being dumbfounded, thinking that Russia built a mosque in the middle of Moscow. For some context about our users, they automatically think that supporting islam equals to good while supporting the west equals to bad I and some other humans actually talked and discussed about this on on previous days
Uses Cotton bond paper can be found at most stores that sell stationery and other office products. Some cotton paper contains a watermark. It is used for banknotes in a number of countries. These banknotes are typically made from 100% cotton paper, but can also be made with a mixture of 75% or less flax. 4 Other materials may also be used and still be known as currency paper. Higher quality art papers are often made from cotton.
Using agun is justified in this case. The police already knew he had attacked another man prior.
Using May 2021 - Jan 2022 as period is weird considering most didn't get boosted until late 2021. Booster helped, but the effect may be exaggerated by the much smaller denominator. This also shows that forcing vaccines or boosters on 40 people is not efficient since they are of negligible risk with 0 or 1 or 2 or 3 shots. Should have targeted older people much more aggressively instead of making life hard for unvaxxed youths vaxxing 1% of 70 y.os equals vaxxing at least 100% of 20 yos in terms of deaths prevented.
Usually avoid the subreddit on mememonday but oh boy, am I glad to have stumbled upon this. 10 or 10
Usually my go to mall for Sports product especially Weston Corp .i think in the 90s,they didn't have a branch outlet only in the 2000s,they started expanding. Almost things like glasses to printing class tshirt to alteration were all done in Queensway. We always finished our day with Macs. On a side note,had a relatives who were warded in alexandra hospital and i notices at night,it get creepy vibes.
Usually, these people suffer from other aspects of their life family problems, money problems, low self esteem etc. So the only way they can get gratification and recognition is to put other people down and gain a better status in the eyes of their peers in this way. Sometimes they get a thrill out of it and know that since they can get away with it, why not go nuts? This is also called 'office bully.' Seems like the people in your office are either really nice people, or masters in the art of 'bian lian.' In front of you act so nice, when your back is turned stab stab STAB
Usually, this isn't a good way to portray data in graphs but for this case, no choice. if they zoom it all the way out, you can't visually notice the statistical difference between vax and non vax deaths. in my opinion, if they wanted to present the chart better, they should further distinguish between groups with pre existing conditions vs no conditions. Many of those that died, could already be very close to death before covid
Vaccinated or not also same shit, vaccinate for fuck? Sry but im selfish u wanna die go ahead i wanna enjoy my life Dumb policies
Vaccines are always meant to reduce the seriousness of the illness, not completely prevent people from contracting the illness or virus. It is the case for the many vaccines that we have taken during our lifetime. It's just that we didn't care about efficacy before Covid19 was a thing and I would presume most of us think that vaccines 100% won't contract anything. Now we know that it has never been the case. You don't need to know the percentages for the whole number and only need to know who ends up dead or in serious conditions and thus far it has been the unvaccinated who are the majority of cases who needs serious care or die. And this is the case for the countries that are reporting figures, not just in Singapore.
Vadim was born in Ukraine but currently holds a Russian passport. The couple shared that they have close ties with the people in Ukraine. The post added that the couple have family based in Kyiv, Ukraine, where Russian troops are closing in. 10% of all delivery sales goes to Ukraine Though I didn't see the hateful comments either hidden or deleted , yeah, the restaurant and their owners aren't responsible for the war in Ukraine. Neither are other Russians in Singapore or the even regular folk in Russia . Not their fault for the war and I haven't seen them posting anything in support of the war either . On a side note, having eaten Russian food, it's damn delicious. I'll probably make a trip down to their place for some borscht or stew.
Valid point in that every subway I've ridden had a separate, but nearby, emergency button linking to the driver's intercom that's what you'd want in this case rather than activating the emergency exit button or you could just call the subway police's emergency number . The train then stops at an upcoming station and cops arrest the assailant I've seen it go down exactly that way in person. Also, I'm not sure, but I assume or hope the emergency button would only altert the driver that there's an emergency, and the driver would still get to decide whether to stop immediately or at the nearest station. For example, if a trains on fire, you wouldn't always want to automatically stop immediately while you're in the middle of a long underground tunnel, rather than driving quickly to the next station or exits.
VB is from ACS and he's insulting LMW who went to RI. Not the other way around
VCH is not arrestable unless its in view of a PO. But how is this not VCGH which is most definitely arrestable? Look at the moves
VCH, on its own, is a non-arrestable offence.if you are a victim of VCH and you wish to pursue the matter, you will have to file a Magistrate's Complaint to the court.
Veering off topic. On the start-up part, you're wrong. Yes, Singapore is great for startup-up, sure. But Singapore's education system and societal stigma breed people that are so risk averse that they simply do not take risk to even want to work at a start-up. Much less start one. Smaller start-ups also like to underpay talent in tech so they will tend not to get good people whereas really talented people are drained away to work in FB, Google, etc. Why work for 5k a month with no benefits and some equity when top tech companies pay 10k a month with free food, equity and insane healthcare benefits. Worked in a local start-up with global presence. It ain't great.
Venomous, yes, but more like a painful sting, nothing to be too concerned about. Honestly, you really don't have to worry too much about spiders biting. Most bites happen when people step on them, roll on them, etc. Spiders are very chill on the whole. After I took a third photo, this little dude just scrambled up the web a bit. They aren't looking for trouble.
Version with sound people who watch the Office will appreciate the sound version more Ok this gif is actually created for Malaysian audiences, so the school holiday references might be hard to understand for Singaporeans
Very common in army days. Worked with high ranked people who judged people a lot basef off their education. Suspect its still common in army and government
Very confused so using CC and book through Comfort app, need to pay admin fee or not?
Very cool spiders! They make one of the strongest webs and there's research on using them in bulletproof vests
very easy to say things like take care blah blah. But any kind of mental health help is extremely expensive in Singapore. It's just a hollow term used here and very few actually get the help they need
Very good point. But also I don't know if this is advantageous given how Grab is not financially responsible for maintaining the cars for their drivers.
Very nice, very cute. If this was real life, the otters would probably be ganging up on the poor merlion, like they do with the water monitors.
Very poignant point. Maybe we should, but we didn't. Hopefully, times are changing. I guess the key differences is that it is clear that the Ukraine government is legally and democratically elected. It was murkier for Iraq and Afghanistan's invasions. But I agree that the principles of sovereign states not invaded by stronger powers, still apply for them.
Very poor example to compare with Malaysia or Singapore. Conversely , the Cuban Missile Crisis is when Russia had nuclear missiles aimed at the US in Cuba. Read up on the Bay of Pigs. This is a much better example .
Very sad to see this. My first thought when I saw secondary school kids working hard at sheng shiong as cashier was wow, such nice kids, working hard during holidays. Wanted to praise them but too paiseh to do so.
Very true As a student to be honest I dread it sometimes too, but zooming out there's people that can't afford to get education. The position that many of us are in is way better than of those people. What it could have been. Part of the issue on poverty then, it's honestly like getting punished for a crime you didn't commit
Very true in the corporate world as well. Backbone seems to be a missing trait these days
Very true. But then again some religions are more forgiving than others. I came from a dual religion family so they were pretty chill when i declared myself atheist.
Very true. I kinda feel that the internet is not helping either. It render easier exposure to the ever, rapid changing trends.
Very true. I moved back home to the US from Singapore late last year and while I'm still continuously appalled at some of my fellow countrymen and politicians, I'm resigned to the reality of thinking that covid can only get to a riskier but manageable level la flu and it's variants , instead of even hoping for vaccination-caused eradication like smallpox and polio.
Very true. It's honestly quite hard to imagine the sheer breadth of the wealth spectrum in India case in point, the top 10% of the Indian population holds 77% of the total national wealth as of 2019 source and it's likely covid has only made matters worse.
Very true. Went to Ladakh, beautiful as fuck, so beautiful I think I left part of myself there. But my guide told me he's burning cow dung to keep his home and his family warm during the bitter winters. Now with covid, I wonder how he's holding up without tourism.
Very well said! I'm pretty sure majority of Singaporeans are not like that. Only a select few have an ego so big they need to drive a truck to carry it. Also, I sympathise with their children. Imagine you working very hard to get into a good school and your parents go around being all snobbish because you are in a good school.
Very well said. For some, the want to have children is the same as others' need to want to have a partner in life. Or to have a pet. Or to give your comments and views to reddit. All iff these come with their own hardships, commitments and heartache. Its about being able to share your experience to others. If you care for none of that, then its simply easier to state your purpose in life. Which basically is to exist and maximising your existence.
Very well written - hope my kids have your perspicacious and humane nature when they grow up. I would be tempted to say you're a rare gem - but I do believe that the more obnoxious personalities are more visible and tend to skew the stereotype, or at the least I hope that's the case. Just wanted to say thanks for sharing your story - it would have taken you a long time and it's come out really well.
Very wise words. Agency is so scary though - once you acknowledge it, there's nobody to blame for bad decisions, but yourself. Hence this post with all its upvotes.
Victim secondary 1, suspect secondary 4. How the bullying happened? edit both didnt know each other. fuck wrong place wrong time.
Video linked by Title Channel Published Duration Likes Total Views Movie 15 gangster Singapore 82% 1,272,268 Royston Tan - 15 Fifteen 2003 The following clips are. --- Info can delete v1.1.3b
Videos of the incident should also be shared with the police, instead of being circulated on social media. I feel personally attacked.
Vietnam war civil war sure thing dude. How many North Vietnamese were killed by Americans compared to South Vietnamese? It was a rump state propped up by the Americans. Using that same logic Ukrainian war right now is a civil war, after all got Pro Russian separatists in Donbas. Please think before you speak.
View link --- Info Feedback for savevideo & 32 & 32 Donate & 32 & 32 DMCA removal request for savevideo&message & 32 & 32 reddit video downloader
Vincent Van Gogh loved sunflowers so much, he created a famous series of paintings, simply called 'sunflowers'.
Viral load. Vaccines and masks are intended to limit viral load, so people exposed to the virus have a better chance of their immune system killing most of the virus before it spreads to immunocompromised folks. My point that people who can get the vaccine, should, still stands. Unvaxxed people who can get the shots, but won't are just walking biohazards at this point, whose pro-life stance means virusLifeMatters.
Virgin NS is for Singapore 's defense vs Chad NS prepares you for working in Singapore
Virtue signaling or preaching is getting scarier these days, have been watching futuristic raised by wolves and medieval the last kingdom , for both series the worst victims are the non-believers atheist and heathen . Being outcast, discriminated and sacrificed for sake of religion is crazy but making sense in their minds is very frightening indeed. I understand why non-believers of Islam stay as believers and also those who left or migrated.
Visited the supermarket before. It's ran by a Chinese Russian babushka, very nice to talk to but my first visit with her speaking Russian on the phone made me worry about my Kidney.
Visiting could be on compassionate reason. Other than China and limited number of Chinese Tourist, these are the following reasons why we allow people to come into Singapore 1. They are here to work 2. They are Singapore Citizens or PRs or Long Term pass holders with preference given to Singapore Citizens 3. Here on meeting or business 4. Medical Treatment 5. Compassionate reasons family dying etc etc The amount of approval to come into Singapore is well a administrative hassle and you don't nily wily fly into Singapore
Visiting Singapore was the first time I saw racism and sexism so open and ok, it was weird.
Vivi is horrible as a minister and person to badmouth people like that. Wonder how he got his wife.
Vivian Balakrishnan has always been an elitist dick. Remember his response when there was a request to increase the support given to the needy by a small amount? How much do you want? Do you want three meals in a hawker centre, food court or restaurant?
Vivian can't even manage his budget. If I overspent my pocket money, my mother would have caned me. Vivian has no financial literacy
Vivian continues to impress, on top of his homophobic slurs, selfies with dictators and general atasness.
Volunteers without qualifications make Milo and clear away food trays. They don't work as nurses. Like SIA care ambassadors
w our stagnating wages + inflation i would think that children are a 90% guaranteed financial loss. unless ur kid turns out to be some super successful entrepreneur or salesman or genius i dont see how he or she can outperform the rate of return u'd get from investing the money that u've spent on him or her.
Waaaaah.there is a Russian dumpling restaurant in Singapore? Fuck the war, how could I have not known about this. Brb after I go there.
Wack so is this all biologically enforced or if two dudes identify as women they can go scissor no consequences?
wait did you say you were waterboarded? what the fuck where did your parents even get that idea from?
Wait I'm confused which mic were their voices coming from because at first it gave me the impression that they talked loud enough but it seems like the ones on the right side p.s Pritam side all couldn't hear or no reactions to what they were saying? Curious if they have mics near their chairs or something because if they talked to the person beside them, I don't think it would be loud enough to reach the mic in front? Or are those row of black thing behind their heads mics? The voice feels more like coming from nearby the camera. p.s Anyway whoever who said it, it's tea time I guess
Wait I've meet this kind of spoke person before a woman as well and I was wearing a mario shirt. She said hello mario . I cringed
Wait it got so bad now? I rmb the black bag and separate section right beside pet food at yayasan but I don't recall separate counters when I was there about 10 years ago
wait the balestier road guys moved? I thought this was like a new branch or something. The balestier road one is the one literally on the same stretch as that famous bakery, right?
Wait there is additional admin fees for credit card payments on grab? Is there an alternative?
Wait this Ukraine guy is really gonna win Nobel prize and have his own Netflix show at this rate
Wait till it gets released at a local streaming service, only then you can sail the high seas.
Wait till someone claims that the government will put the vaccine in the mosquitoes and set them free around the estates of the unvaccinated folks.to get them vaccinated through that method
Wait wait. Isn't it Verbal command unarmed tactics taser or baton then firearm subject to ROJ
Wait what. ROJ! Why wasn't taser deployed. Whoever opened fire. He's got some explanation. pity the officer sia
wait what?! damn racist sia and they selected the diversity friendly flair?! what the fuck what's wrong with this owner and what problem do they have with the tenant being indian?!
Wait when we banned flights from UK because of the new strains, no one complained , we aint being racist, we dont want to have a large influx of imported cases which will overwhelm our healthcare system.
Wait which sch is this from? Are the forms from moe or from the school itself? Because things like this shld be held accountable? what the fuck
Wait why is commute calculated in? If thats so i have 73 hours a week in recent busy months.
Wait, I remember instructions during guard duty in army NS was 1 warning shot in the air, and another below the waist if the attacker doesn't comply. Was it different for police? Or has it changed since?
Wait, was it in China or Singapore? I'm confused. Has covid here spread so fast that people are afraid of touching paramedics and paramedics would be sleeping in ambulance and not go home for four days? Also don't know ambulance got space for sleeping crew while night shift driving
Wait, what do you think is not fine with bisexuality specifically? the phrasing suggests you think it's worse than homosexuality, when most people usually believe the opposite, so I'm curious.
Wait. You're the one thinking every Russian is helplessly strung along by putin. I'm saying we shouldn't pretend it's not the Russians pulling triggers. Which brand of Russians? Putin loyalist? Ordinary citizens? Anti-war Russians? Pro-war Russians? Or have you completely forgotten propaganda is a thing? Or have you also forgotten that Russia is ruled by a dictator? And I'm the one refusing to see nuance? The Russians are responsible. .but don't pretend it's not every day Russians who are killing the Ukrainians. Where are the nuances in the above statements? Please go see how many Russian troops have surrendered, and how many Russians are protesting vs their population size. So. you are saying that all Russians should risk their lives participating in protests and rioting, which may lead to their deaths or getting arrested? It is either Martyrdom or demonising them, eh? Yeah, let's talk about nuances, you hypocrite.
waiting for an inactivated virus option and then waiting for a response after registering interest and still need to queue for their turn to book slots
waiting for someone to point out to you that it is on a 99 year lease.
waiting on ST or mothership to pick this up, 2400 upvotes, 2x reddit gold, boy o boy free 'journalistic' material up for grabs!
waiting to strike toto JKJK. I probably would stay in Singapore till ive reached masters or phd before migrating. However, I took on this bond with my sureties telling me that if in the event I would like to opt out they would pay. But I dont want them spending that sort of money, so hence im really making sure I take care of my mental health. But back to breaking bond. If I were to break bond, I'd find out what's the best time to break to be honest I dont even have the quotation of the bond with me, I plan to ask master M in a few years how much ive to pay and plan a date from there. Tldr, most likely i wont go. As long as Ive a good support system in Singapore - and mind you, ive NO family here, and knew no one when I moved here, so you can imagine the effort and luck it took to build a support system - im staying.
Walao eh, the 13 Y.O. boi boi just wanted to use the toilet only. R.I.P
Walao I think I so emo and pms today I cry like 3 times Liao just reading the news. He is a baby! They are both I - sigh
Walk into the consultant clinics. Someone will start complaining about having to wait more than an hour. Understand that those doctors don't sit in the lil rooms like a GP all day long waiting for patients. They have surgeries, meetings and rounds to make as well. If you schedule something else after an appointment, that is really your own fault. You need to give a leeway of a few hours. If you want it quick and breezy, pay for private hospitals. If not, learn to wait. I've waited 4 hours and I said nothing because I understood that nobody delays a follow-up purposely just to waste your time.
walked the ground How dare you ask the minister to walk?! On the filthy ground, no less!
Wanderbot covered your game a bit, hopefully this help bring more eyes to your game .
Want to live in the pond have to learn to toe the line in one form or other, I'm already a blacksheep and have paid the price with employment opportunities and promos. Some people get it worse and are blacklisted everywhere they get shipped to. Are you serious? This is quite grievous. How bad is the penalty we are talking about?
War is peace Freedom is slavery Ignorance is strength Pro-business is Pro-worker Not mandatory but compulsory
War itself means we lost. Ukraine lasts this long due to its large size. Bringing troops and vehicles over to the capital is tough. They need to capture other cities before Kyiv and ensure they have enough fuel and rations to support their troops. Which is why we see Russian soldiers looting stores and abandoning vehicles. Meanwhile Singapore is just a city. Attacking first also makes us look like villains in the international arena. just like Putin looks right now. Russia will be badly affected due to international sanctions. For Singapore, sanctions pretty much mean game over. The rest of the world did not react much to water disputes elsewhere. They certainly will not condone Singapore invading Malaysia over water disputes as some nuts seem to dream.
Warning shots are a no no because you don't fire blindly. And I'm pretty sure he wasn't aiming for the arm. Just so happened he hit his arm. When you are justified to shoot, aim for centre mass.
Was a Full-Time BG There's a scheme for senior officers to be called back in time of war if I remember correctly. so it's not too far out that people trained for command positions might be called back even if they're pretty old. Though I'd think he's pretty far down the list of people they'll call + a politician still has a role in war
Was a participant of 2017's NDP and witnessed this kid getting screamed at first-hand Initially I never knew he had boldly flipped the bird on live TV until my contingent mates and sergeant circulated the now-infamous video on WA and we all had one good laugh about it
Was Annabel Chong ever a scandal here in Singapore? Im the UK, she's famous for The World's Biggest Gangbang.
Was at the open house to accompany a prospective student a few years ago, was massively put off by the parade of various government scholars during more than half of talk and the overbearingly proud tone of the principal. The rest of the talk was also mostly about other academic achievements. Talked to a few CCA teachers they do seem to be the caring type. But I bet the management of the school set the tone.
Was expecting like 10 warning shots to the chest. Guess I've been watching too much PoliceActivity.
Was having this conversation with friends and heard various responses from either extreme. But also concerning to hear from some that they're pretty on the fence but will treat it as an 18 year long job if they do eventually have kids. Which I felt is abit problematic in itself to start with that kind of mentality. If not fully on board, don't bring a life in!
Was it hard to find a place that allowed pets like cats? Since you mentioned you had a cat, does the cat roam around the whole house or only your room? Also, what about furniture like your bed etc. do places normally come with such furniture?
Was living in the same block of The One-eyed Dragon killing Lim Hock Soon. Was on holiday during that week and we were afraid that the dragon is hiding in our flat. The wake or funeral was a grand one too, luxury cars, gangsters galore as we watched from our window. Probably was the first time a homicide by a gun.
Was once a student in school who was sent to counselling. The problem isn't that the counsellors are useless, it's just that they are equipped to handle problem students, not students struggling with mental health. At least not the full spectrum of it. My experience with my counsellor was positive, but I was sent there because I didn't hand in homework and did poorly in exams. And generally the whole thing was just about establishing what's making me behave the way I do, and what I can do to fix it. All very minor stuff, and only actionable if the student in question was of sound mind. Then again that was years ago, and I don't know how much the system has changed since then.
Was sad when I found out I would be moving house, away from Aljunied GRC. But, it warms the cockles of my heart to say that the new house is within Sengkang GRC. thank you SENGKANG. Let's keep up the pressure.
Was the score at 0 when you saw it? For me, it's at 1600+ upvotes with a 96% ratio
Was there a stated time period for the 'prior notice' and confirmation that it wouldn't apply retroactively?
Was trying to find that full link thanks for it. Saw this right around start of cheebye where people were posting about how animals have returned given decreased human activity like it was in the past Then this happened
Was walking home yesterday and saw the public buses super packed. no social distancing whatsoever
Wasn't the problem caused by improper handover by George Yeo's team? I think George Yeo promised there would be proper handover after he lost, but the morning after the election, all the contractor cleaners disappeared. That's why the Workers party had to scramble and appointed a contractor for one year only. It's allowed by the law, according to this open letter by Sylvia Lim to Aljunied residents.
wat about partially vaccinated? those waiting 2nd jab or waiting 2weeks wat about those that need to enter malls to get their jabs for sinopharm? genuine question
Watch how straits times paint how the killer loves to play sticks and stones on cod
Watch the videos of US cops shooting tasers at people. It doesn't always work. The man was quite close and charging with a knife, I think it's a reasonable call to shoot him
Watched it last year, weirdly do kinda like it, acting is subpar but it has an odd indie movie charm to it
Way suddenly i think maybe I damn pampered. I also v nerdy but most I hear is my juniors fight in the toilet. This is like 2000s too. Never hear weapons also before
Way to use Brexit as your argument and throwing off my using China as the example Brexit was never a sure win forcasting thing out of the blue from the Conservatives. Brexit arose from a promise by the Conservatives during the GE to win over voters and nullify a wildly growing UKIP. Both Labor and Conservatives was losing seats over subsequent GEs by the growing Eurosceptic voters. You think after winning the GE, David Cameron then leader of Conservative would betray his promise and not hold brexit referendum? Conservative would cease to exist. The electorate would never forgive him. May I therefore also suggest to read more between the lines and not just newspaper articles. Never use wikipedia too Geez. the amount of naivety
We actually did go there. Got this shot and this one from the outside eating area. But I don't remember a pool, was that where your was taken from?
we all agree that covid is endemic and something that we'll need to live through. and a substantial population is fully vaccinated and soon greater than 50% will be fully vaccinated as such, the government and conservative population needs to look further and longer-term than these short-term measures. it's time to look forward to the social and economic recovery that the world has endured for over 1.5 years. we need to learn to move forward and live with this virus - and there should be no need to shut down the country and society when the cases continue to have limited hospital impact. our barometer for success or failure should be revised - a few months ago, i read that singapore might stop recording daily case counts. that would be a good start to moving forward to designing new KPIs on how to measure covid impact by changing how we frame the covid impact, we can stop moving backwards
We all do brotha. we all do. To be clear, we all wish to have that 2.4mil. We're not that gracious enough to wishing you having that 2.4 mil.
We all tend to reap what we sow in the end. This is not about some mystic karma but the laws of reciprocity which are generally true. Even the vile Kim Jong Il who lived in affluence while most of his people languished in poverty and got a glorious state burial after he died must have lived a life of insecurity, constantly in fear of regime collapse and attempts on his life. It doesn't ultimately pay to be awful, so why do horrible people continue to exist? Maybe they just can't help themselves.
We already have stories of ordinary people stepping up to help during Covid19 looking at catbear and his Singapore Quarantine Support Group, amongst the many that blossomed . There will be stories, it's up to us to decide how we want to tell them.
We also shouldn't get angry if they quit. If it's as bad as they say, why stay in the job? They don't owe us anything, they've put in more than their share of effort. If they aren't given the downtime they need, and they pay they deserve, why would we blame them? We'll blame the people managing and paying them. Unless there are also people out there who think healthcare workers are their servants. Wait, that's probably it, isn't it? Sigh.
we are at psycho pass levels of society now. welp, someone literally getting murdered on MRT and people bloody WALK AWAY
We are doubling down on Oil and Gas instead, with everyones BFF China recently taking an island and building a refinery there. The islam thing was deeply unpopular and we have took a step away from it. heh.the power of god is no match for the power of money.
We are going to need financial planning as a subject introduced in school. We have to let young people know - Don't get a wedding you can't afford. Absolutely no1 is putting a gun to your head and forcing you to do it. I understand there is pressure from others, but those people will not be the ones fighting for your financial wellbeing in the future, you will. Fight for your financial future - Don't ballot for a house early just to take advantage of grants, ensure you can sustainably afford it first. - Don't depend on cpf as your retirement savings, its not a reliable source to turn to in view of our evolving minimum balances and payouts - Get Term insurance so that you're covered against unexpected medical bills - Don't have kids you cant afford. Their lives are your priority, its understandable if you fall on unfortunate times due to poor luck, hopefully social welfare can step in for thoses cases. But if you have subjected them to a disadvantaged childhood due to poor planning, you generally have yourself to blame. If you do not plan well for your own retirement, you will shift that burden to them, and it can lead to a vicious cycle. - If you do have kids, enrichment or tuition classes are not essential, overseas holidays are not essential. - Plan or track or review a personal budget so many people know about this, but yet not do it They won't solve all problems, but I believe it will mitigate a lot of the money issues people are facing these days. These lessons will have to be cold and harsh, if not life will dish out its own lessons that will be even less palatable.
We are not like San Francisco, neither are we like certain countries in the Middle East. It's something in between. It's the way this society is. Yes I'm sure all the skilled LGBT workers choosing between Silicon Valley and Singapore will be glad to know that they will certainly be neither beheaded nor fully accepted for who they are. Rather, somewhere in between.
We are of the same kind. Only difference is I dont use the filipino excuse. I can pass off as a chinese guy if i keep my mouth shut but if need be, converse in the limited mandarin that I know. My family kinda know I drink but doesnt say much about it since its not frequent. The only hurdle right now is planting the seeds of civil marriage to them. Still get some colleagues who lecture me that civil marriage is not a legal marriage in the eyes of islam, yada yada.
We are the only one implementing sanctions on Russia in the whole of South East Asia, not future superpower Indonesia nor other large nations such as Thailand, Philppines or even Malaysia but tiny Singapore. Yes, because these nations launder handle billions in Russian oligarchs' money every year, right? Singapore may be tiny in landmass, but it is the pre-eminent global financial hub in Asia. It doesn't matter if Indonesia or Malaysia impose financial sanctions. It will do essentially nothing. When you're a financial center and tax haven like Singapore, it absolutely matters.
We are very inclusive to all types to people including the racists and the xenophobics I am being sarcastic
We arent hating on nuclear families or heterosexuality. We are hating on the fact that any other sexuality or family type isnt accepted here.
we asked encik what if the guy charges towards you before you fire the warning shot. he said shoot that bugga first then fire off your warning shot.
We came together as a community to save it More like they came together, while the uploader just eye power and recorded it
We can all agree the act of banning or stopping flights from India isnt racist in itself. However there are many Singaporeans using this opportunity to be Xenophobic and be Racist by proxy onto the Indians here. There was an article on CNA FB about a SINGAPOREAN Indian who was stuck in India and the comments section got so racist that CNA had to delete comments and post a disclaimer or warning. This is what some people mean when they say it's Racist. Things are really getting out of hand as the situation drags on.
We can ban all commercial flights but allow for a few SQ repatriation flights to bring citizens back in a managed fashion. If you look at flight radar for today and tomorrow, we have 2 arrivals a day from India alone not including other banned countries beside India . None of them are SQ flights all Air India . Didn't SIA have too many planes lying around? By chartering and organising the flights ourselves, wouldn't we have more control and implement as much risk mitigation strategies as possible to minimise in-flight transmission? Wouldn't that be better given the mutant strains? Given the risk, shouldn't we be proactive and take charge in managing the risk? We should prioritise Singaporeans even new citizens first in any of these special flights, and then slowly expand to PRs at least 2-3 weeks later once we know we can manage the controlled importation of passengers from high risk countries. Ultimately, PR are citizens of another country, it's not like they have no home or no representation by their government. New citizens are fair because they gave up their own citizenship and pledged themselves to our country or at least nominally . How many citizens do we expect to be in India right now? I would think at most a low few thousand, nothing that cannot be handled by a series of chartered flights managed by MFA. What's stopping the government from banning commercial flights? Nothing. They just don't want to.
We can help by speaking out if the police charge them. We need to let the government know we are not happy.
We can thank our friendly neighbourhood chikopeks for going to karaoke lounge. Which of course, karaoke lounge stands for Kena The Virus
We can use the military then why not activate them now? Every day a ton of resources are wasted here and there on the military.
We can't choose where we are born, but we can choose where we want to live and where to retire. There are thousands of Singaporeans who had migrate to different place and are happy with their choice.
we cannot afford to blah blah blah yeah we geddit boi stop saying your magic line
We do have a 20% non-Chinese population so I'd be very interested to know how that plays out in terms of vote swing. Esp since some GRCs have significant Malay or Indian demographic. Is there a racial breakdown or would that incite too many closet racists ? Not trying to incite anything racially , just that most of my Malay or Indian friends whether high or low SES or education haven't been very happy with certain events over the past few years, and I think they're well within their right to feel that way. So it's like - placate Chinese Singaporeans who are probably already People's Action Party-leaning my mum doesn't know what prettipls said but thinks she deserves prosecution because she used F word vs lose marginal votes? In one of the opposition parties' Malay but not English speech they lobbied for a law against employment discrimination. As a Chinese person, learning that made me aware that GE is also a shadow it's not really in most media or the Eng or Chi speeches arena for racial issues and no shame in that every multicultural country needs to advocate for equitable laws etc .
We do have financial planning courses in secondary school. Last I remember is most of my friends either ponteng i.e. absconded or sleep through the person explaining that it is important to save up 20% of your income and how to set up a budget. I learnt a lot from that guy though, since I was really into the roleplay as accountant or head of household at that time. people need to know that kids don't see the point of these classes in school, as they have yet to even start work and rely on their parents.
We do. My supervisor at work caught covid the first time from being forced to go to reservist IPPT. He just got back from high key outfield and a buddy he was in close physical proximity with tested positive. Most probably going to be covid Season Two for him. The ridiculous part is he dealt with long covid for months and only just fully recovered from it before getting exposed once more, just because the SAF insists on forcing people into LARPing as soldiers.
We don't have to go on about being politically correct. Just basic common sense. If a group of people from the same ethnic group laughs at someone's ethnically-unique cultural practice, that is on the surface plain racism. Beyond that, when talking about intentions, that's another matter. We're talking about impressions since most of these incidents occur in an instantaneous way, and the victims walks away not knowing how to respond.
We don't want Russia giving our neighbors ideas about how Singapore is not a real country and created by historical errors
We got 4 seasons of Boys to Men. After Russia see the episodes, they won't dare to invade us already.
We got claim to be inclusive . We only say we tolerant I thought. Tolerant of because dun mean accepting, means won't go stone the other person
We had 100% coming in to office since June last year until today. And now, management says alternate wfh and office when we could actually fully wfh. Reason being IN CASE OF GOVERNMENT SPOT CHECKS. Feels like our safety is not put as priority.
We had our previous outbreak with JEM, Bukit Merah etc. How many ended up in intensive care unit? people keep on harping about hypotheticals rather than looking at actual data.
We have 4 official national languages, one of which is spoken by our predominantly Indian community - Tamil. These 4 languages are a direct result of attempting to be inclusive, but not backing up reality with anti-discrimination laws that contain any real teeth it defacto says we are inclusive by appearance only.
We have a lot of balancing to do unlike Taliban and piss poor Slavic Baltic states. So it's better hide and do things quietly.
We have cowards for political leaders who'd rather keep quiet and pray the wind blows over than comment on this issue. Well, we already know their stance on this issue. Not surprising at all.
We have plenty of assets parked overseas. Pretty sure they are meant to raise hell if Singapore falls.
We have reliable public transport, great fresh air, clean facilities, and our houses have functional amenities. To be citizens in this country is a fortune. When I see people with the mindset in that post, I think of how Buddhism tells us to cut out luxuries for happiness. We have so much going on for us, but we are unhappy because of a desire for fancier, cushier things. Budget wisely and make good decisions, and it will often be more than enough to live well here.
We have so many exercises because we keep rotating in an out of conscripts. The median M'sian soldier has about 15 years of experience - halfway between when he enlists and retires. The median fulltime national serviceman has 1 year, while the average reservist has maybe 26 months. So even if they conduct a third of the exercises the M'sian solider has more experience.
We have so much care for our foreign workers, but we do not have the basis compassion for our own people that is living in poverty. To be honest, here is where they earn their bread and water not where they are residding. Instead of looking at them why not we focus more on our own people. We can be compassionate to them, but at times the tension needs to be uphold, let me explain. these request are good and humane, however, in the end who would bear the cost ? will the rich want to do it, would those who comment in this thread wants to do it ? At the end those who do it for the migrant workers will require it of our people, the poor in the country. How so ? gst increase, money used for the poor will be further divided and the cake wil become smaller. Your medifund etc and everything will be affected. Do not take me wrongly, i do not see helping the migrant worker a bad thing, but it is just that over zealousness without a clear mind will do everyone no good. In the end it just causes more social problem.
We have strong bonds. Our PMs the most just argue about water prices, sea areas and vehicle entry fees. No tanks no missiles no nukes.
We have to change our expectations that saving 20% of our take home pay into cpf is enough for retirement. Retirement years are long, and especially longer if you intend to retire early. Singapore's life expectancy is now almost 83 years. 50% of us will be living past this age. My suggestion is to review your own finances at least once yearly, and adjust accordingly. If you are short of your retirement goals, make the necessary adjustments now rather than down the line. I understand that for people with lower pay this will be difficult as most of the money spent is on necessities, but that just means they have to work for longer if their situation doesn't improve. Most people should have at least a little more leeway in directing some spending into additional savings or investments. Also, do yourself a favour by learning how our cpf works, and how you can possibly make full use of it such as voluntary top ups or the CPFIS schemes to invest your OA in something that possibly gives you more than 2.5% in the long run to drain your OA before buying that house you're eyeing.
We have to note that China still refused to use the word invasion to date and Russia is still much bigger and more capable than Singapore in terms of almost anything. Hiding our action as part of the international community initiative does make sense here. It also signals to China that we are not simply following what the west says.
We have to, fighting on the mainland is basically mission failed. Most will say we will have to be the aggressor and strike first.
We have. The government just doesn't think it's enough. Our vaccination rates are relatively close to the UK and we don't have AZ Right now it's 72% first dose and 48% second. Second doses should pick up soon also
We live in a crazy world right now. Malaysia and Singapore should really form stronger bonds to support each other
We may be in the minority. But our helper certainly doesn't have it tough at all. Her main job apart from keeping the place orderly and clean is helping mostly with our baby. The only 1 of our 3 children that really is any work for her and we are still hands on parents with her too. Apart from her phone she has ZERO expenses. Is treated well, with respect and has a nice room in a very nice condo. She gets paid $850 a month. Sure most of that goes back to her daughter in Indo. But apart from that she has a very carefree life with no bills to pay etc. There is no doubt that her life is infinitely better with us than if she didn't have it. Her previous employers have been awful and that's unfortunately the norm. I'm not saying this to justify the wage or make myself feel better about the situation. But I am sure millions of people the world round if given the option of Come live with us in a nice condo with almost no expenses or bills etc and be treated well and with respect and please keep our place clean nor excessively and orderly, do some babysitting occassionally and help with the baby and be paid a wage which you could put into savings or pension would absolutely be lining up for it. The issue is most fdw employers treat them like fucking slaves. Ours is like family Nd she only been with us 3 months.
We must never lose the ability to look after ourselves- Let's Trace Together properly even when you are hiding in the bomb shelter in the event an aerial raid strikes !
We need more people like you who will grow up to be better humans compared to the sheer number of selfish fucks we call Singaporeans nowadays.
We need to serve NS, but 2 years or 1 year 10 months is really too long.
We need to stop thinking of healthcare workers as heroes. They are just doing their job. Pay them right, treat them like people. Don't call them 'heroes' but then pay them peanuts. The 'hero' word can't be used to buy groceries.
We needed a bigger place. And we didn't want to sell the house I grew up in for sentimental reasons.
We only recognize biological genders, the law doesn't care if u identify as non-binary or robot or unicorn if u got kuku bird then u r male
We really shouldn't be a country. Singapore is a company pretending to be a country
We recognized China in the 1970's. We specifically made it a point to be the last country in ASEAN to do so
We should be nice to anyone and everyone in general. But that is a feat too difficult for the average singaporean to comprehend.
We should be striving to change for the future but that requires learning and understanding the past. Unfortunately, many people fail at that. The whole LGBTQ is going to be the downfall of society was repeated for left handed people and society has yet to be destroyed by left handed people after we accept them. But religious people and bigots refuse to learn from that part of history and repeat everything that was done to left handed people to LGBTQ people now.
We should get someone to translate the debate to Chinese and spam across all the older gen Whatsapp groups, it's the only way WP is going to get any strong support considering they didn't send anyone up for the Chinese debate
we should name the next gen lanjiao gen just so they can waste time figuring out why they are labelled that way
We should proceed with reopening in a measured manner . How about not advocating for full openings We don't disagree then, and I personally think this current pacing of reopening IS the measured manner you're talking about. Guess the point of contention is the 'measured manner' part, but I don't think you'll disagree with me saying that we shouldn't lose ALL the measures, right? and improve the healthcare worker working conditions both in terms of management culture and better pay And like I've replied to someone else, this conversation should be had too, but AFTER this situation is over. It does nothing for the people now, and just distracts from the main conversation we should be having. Management issues is nothing we can do in short notice for sure.
We should start showing genuine figures of how many died due to vaccination itself too. It will make a fair comparison. Further details of how one is considered death by vaccination should also be released.
We shouldn't be protesting about this but our government is really stubborn and only react when it's too late.
We shouldn't have protests in Singapore because something something racial riot 1964 or something. - someone on facebook or something.
We stand ttogetharr edit you guys are playing contra 009 by now, yes? Contra X is in the works.
We still have the measures from before CNY Our government only knows how to ban, don't know how to remove restrictions
We stopped eating at hs a long time ago, we can afford it. Sometimes we buy chicken rice. Other than that we cook at home. Hawker centre for us is a treat.
We tried the carrot. free jabs, plentiful supply, various venus, standardised procedures + various private rewards for getting the jab . Now is time to do what people complain we like to do and bring out the Rotan.
We went far out from Istanbul, there are some butchers hidden in the alleys and people would walk out with red plastic bags. The locals who ran the hotel we were at explained it to us quitely. But generally it's cooked quitely at home, you won't be able to find it in restaurants. If you were really desperate then maybe you can take a quick trip to the neighbouring Greek islands for pork kebab. But the point remains that the Turkish people I saw and interacted with were generally liberal . It proved to me that there isn't really a set sterotype of Muslim communities. Even Iran was relatively liberal then too. But the country at that point 8 years ago was already very fraught with conflicting thoughts on different big issues.
We went up the hill the look for them, should have just roam around the condos instead
We will have lockdowns after lockdowns, because it makes the most sense medically. We should have relevant professionals, but enough of other fields to maintain holistic judgement. In any case the clusters heads are already filled with docs.
we will stand a chance for the US to respond. Which mutual defence treaty covers that? by the way, covid and Ukraine showed that countries are on their own, suckers. Ukraine does show that NATO is functionally dead it is filled with bureaucrats, not soldiers. Ukraine got rekted for Sir Humphrey Appleby's wet dream. Beyond that we're nit capable for weeks of warfare No one is. Modern wars are expensive and consume vast amounts of ammunitions and supplies. Ammunition is one thing that countries skim on stockpiling. They prefer hardware that can be trotted out in a parade over actual ammunition. If my memory and open source information is correct, Indonesia has fewer than one full plane load of missiles for their fighters.
We will stand up for everyone and be inclusive. As long as they fit into our notion of what is normal.
We will stand up for everyone and be inclusive. As long as they fit into our notion of what is normal. Aliens heh .You know whats it like bumping into a above Type 5 Civilisation? 1 Singapore first recorded land spout damages roofs in Tuas Aliens 2 Ava Max - So am I
We will still be Ukraine. In the event our neighbours amass their troops near the borders, like Russia did, we are likely to strike than to wait for them to come in.
We'll go thru 14 million possibilities. We are only at scenario 4 so far. Buckle up
We're circumventing sanctions cause you were the ones to veto them, you fucks. It's like a criminal saying their imprisonment was unlawful because they didn't agree to it.
We're in a very different context than the US. Our population is also tiny and the vast majority are very obedient, so it's not as though the only reason people aren't protesting is because it's illegal. Most Singaporeans wouldn't protest even if it's legal.
We're living through an era now where this is changing before our very eyes. But yes, at that time, it was still something you wouldn't argue about.
We're no way trying for covid zero, so that narrative really needs to go. You're right in saying that this won't end till every feasible person gets infected and recover, that's actually quite likely. I don't really believe we're trying to squelch the wave, but instead just elongating the curve over a longer period. There's barely any moves made to stop the spread now, and it does seem their intention is to just let it run its course through the population. It was a guessing game of whether our HC system can take the hit from a full peak, as compared to spreading it out and making them suffer for a longer period of time, and they have chosen their path. Maybe they were wrong, maybe they were right. I don't think anyone can say for certain there is a 'right' path. Both paths have it's cons and both paths have their own consequences. The reality now is that healthcare workers are suffering. And I don't think opening up the floodgates does them any good, which is my whole point here.
We're not doing this to matter to anyone. This is about supporting a rules-based international system in which smaller countries like us can enjoy peace and stability. That's cute is the most condescending, uninformed conclusion that could be reached about this.
we're talking about the ability of the healthcare system to cope, not with the number of cases. this isnt 2020 dude
We've come a long way from Bag Down Benny and Hush Hush Hannah to Safe Distancing Sanders
We, the residents of Singapore, pledge ourselves as one united workforce regardless of condo, landed or HDB to build a larger tax base for PM Lee based on compliance and homogeneity so as to achieve happiness, prosperity and progress for our ruling party
Weak argument. But in any case there's a huge difference between renting an apartment and governing a country.
Wedding suppose to be an intimate event. However, it somehow evolve to a thing. Hotel banquet, long quest list and fancy program.
Weddings in one area where you can spend or save a lot. My wedding was just 8 tables at Ban Heng and total including wine was under $8000. Food was good and enough and that's all it matters to me for my guests. My total wedding expense probably under $12000. No guests will care or remember your wedding the next day. But if you spend a huge amount or even took a loan, you will remember it, not the wedding, the amount you spent, for years. Also, if your wedding is another hotel wedding, it will be easier to forget. As for property, prices definitely getting more expensive. If you start a new family, there is no need to buy more space than you can use as a small family. This way there's no need to take a huge loan and pay interests for years. You can save money and buy a bigger place in the future when needed. If you take big loan, at end of 20-30 years, you have to pay 20-30% more on top of the actual property price. Is it worth it? Having kids definitely expensive. Childcare for toddlers is expensive so dual income families makes life so much easier. Someone mentioned that cpf is just 20% of your money and if you can't live a proper life with your 80%, then you have other concerns. That's very true. Of course for really low income earners, it certainly is going to be more difficult.
weeeeellll . In a way the are following instructions because the penalty of not doing so is to be killed by your own army
WEF is happening in Singapore later this year and it had traditionally attracted large numbers of protesters. The Public Order Act will probably continue to be enforced in light of things like these, sadly.
Weird to see how other countries police use fire arms. In the Us the guy would not only empty his clio into the man, the other cops would probably start shooting too.
Weirdly enough I'm seeing an uptick in zoomer players, it's like the majority of players I see are middle aged+ people, and really young kids I wonder why the uncles and aunties have yet to use local noodle terms to describe the 4 different deoxys forms normal equals to chu mifen attack equals to mee tai mak defense equals to ban mian speed equals to beehoon
Weirdly enough, even though I fully studied here locally, the details of Maria Hertogh incident seemed new to me. The only imprint of Maria Hertogh in my mind was a bloody racial riot that gave Singapore a painful lesson to take racial difference seriously in a multiracial country and the importance of mutual respect to preserve racial harmony. I think I know why. I never pay attention. kappa! SS typically my playtime because it was too boring.
Welcome to backwards conservative ideas, where the standards are double and the rules only matter if they only apply to people I don't like.
Welcome to Singapore, the toxicity is worst when you go university OP. people start comparing grades and which prestigious internships or CCA positions you have. But that's life - eat or be eaten.
Welcome to the real singapore, where the basic human to human respect regardless of status is poisoned and ruined by an entire society bent on materialism and following a purely materialist structure of success rich successful and to be successful is to study hard, go to a good school and excel from thereon. This is literally everything wrong with our current society where value is purely about material and status. While it is easy to criticise, i believe this is the cost of prosperity through free market capitalism. In a relatively poor village-style economy, sharing and the kampung spirit is an imperative for survival. In search of progress and increased wealth, individualism, rather than the collective becomes the focus and people inherently gravitate toward expression of the ugly core selfishness for survival only maintaining the minimal human niceties only where it benefits the individual.
welcome to the service industry! actually it isn't just educated people who do these despising matters but uneducated too. they tend to think service industry equals to slaves to them or owe them the world shrugs. people who don't know what the word respect means kudos for having time spent at service industry
Well 1 nobody is sanctioning Russian gas That will drive up energy price for Europe and lots of places. Even to open up LNG imports, it will take years. Ukraine would be gone by then. Western Europe may be open to hand Ukraine a few surplus anti-tank weapons but not with energy price tripling I've been told that some poor Europeans are having to take tepid and lukewarm showers to save on electricity bills Can't have them go all the way to cold showers . 2 Since they will be buying Russian gas for a while and they want to cut off SWIFT? Yeah, I hope they get the gas or some poor sods will have to take cold showers and the Russians get paid somehow.
Well a 13 year old was murdered so I'm not sure if fine is how I would describe the scene. Rest In Peace to the young child.
Well at least the unvaccinated persons whether by choice or by medical reasons still can takeaway from hawker centres and coffee shops. So it's not that disadvantageous for them
Well casinos and GST are economic issues too. The way the government sees it, social issues that have no economic dimensions are left to the people. For reserved presidency, yeah its unpopular. But you're wrong to say that MOST Singaporeans opposed it. We don't know how many % of the population opposes it, unlike 377a where we have ipos survey Anal sex requires lots of preperation. Copious amounts of lubricant as well as prep for the receiver. You can't just do it naturally. For drinking out of a straw with the nose, it can be done with prep too. As long as you block the windpipe you can do it. The point still stands. Yes it can be done, but youre using the wrong organ for it
Well casinos and GST are economic issues too. The way the government sees it, social issues that have no economic dimensions are left to the people. Like the Women's Charter? That's not left to the people, or even some People's Action Party MPs, who would rather it be expanded to equally protect both sexes. We don't know how many % of the population opposes it, unlike 377a where we have ipos survey We have a survey showing that it's not a monolithic majority. Why are we pandering to them at every junction than and ignoring the 40% who do support LGBT rights? Anal sex requires lots of preperation. Copious amounts of lubricant as well as prep for the receiver. You can't just do it naturally. Sex requires preparation. Are condoms natural? Is fingering natural? Is cunnilingus natural? Is oral sex natural? Your argument would posit that they aren't too, so why aren't there laws against these types of sex acts? For drinking out of a straw with the nose, it can be done with prep too. As long as you block the windpipe you can do it. people don't though. On the other hand, both straight and gay individuals partake in anal sex. The point still stands. Yes it can be done, but youre using the wrong organ for it Refer above.
Well considering that we are surrounded by countries that have had and still have military dictatorships Thailand, Indo, Myanmar , best not to let the generals stay too long in the military and get any funny ideas.
well do u have kids? i have two. its expensive. if my median income is 4.5k i would have nothing by month's end and its not even funny. i would have done nothing but survive. no fun and games for anyone. just survive. That's how 50% of the population lives by the way. that's what median means
Well done Singapore government, bravo. It's a big, big commitment to sponsor sanctions against Russia many others are standing by and watching. Good on you for showing big balls.
Well done! I think it's so easy to loose perspective if one doesn't know anyone or in the medical field themselves. Thanks for giving us this reminder. Hopefully everyone can keep this in mind and to learn to be more patient and kind when dealing with others. Some are commenting how they don't really feel the restrictions being loosened but forget how healthcare workers barely get to enjoy dining in with their families or planning for their next vacation.
Well done! Never had this version but I had the gameboy color version back in the days. Never completed it.
well done, and please do well with the GRC. LTK move is now a masterstroke, as he can now exert influence over 2 GRC + 1 SMC without needing to do the day to day. Cough cough with his experience, he can now make sure the the GRC is handed over without issue.
Well done. I had the same shit spewed at me when I worked as a relief security guard at a condo during my semester breaks.
Well he is the fastest promoted prodigy officer of all mankind and history. Halimah can go hali-lek Sudah. make kopi
Well I can't help but feel this is not a good example. Extracurricular experience is a common topic for internship and fresh grad job interviews. Summer jobs are a drop in the ocean compared to grad's starting pay. Unless one's family situation demands it or the summer job pays extremely well or it's related to the study field, choosing summer jobs over CCA for money is shooting oneself in the foot. The thing about opportunity cost - for the sacrifices being made, how much does it actually increase the chances of escaping the rat race?
Well I disagree, I've lived in a bunch of other cities and it really is no better, if anything it's worse because they've actually had dynastic wealth passed down through many generations that engenders a special kind of elitism you don't see in Singapore. At least Singaporean millionaires and even billionaires still eat in the kopitiams and hawker centers, in NY or HK no millionaire would be caught dead eating in a dirt cheap establishment with a hobo picking off leftovers at the next table. Believe it or not Singapore is a lot better in this regard.
Well I don't think so. Mine was a SAP school though if that makes any difference.
Well I had a friend who told me he was very disappointed that he lost money in his wedding. Because not enough guests turned up or low amount in the red packets. can't remember . I was like why do you even have such an expensive wedding in the first place?
well i mean, lsd, cannabis, mdma all dont as long as its taken with water or not sold at a club
Well I saw that Defence Minister Ng Eng Han did wear SBO and helmet before also.
Well I think that our G surely have their own consideration given that they have much more information than what we have here on Reddit. We may think that the risk is low but that is only based on what we know. Given that it is really not our problem to begin with, I think that being prudent is the right decision.
Well I'm gonna be dark and say he may gonna be bully so hard in school by peers and or or ostracize by teachers till it force him to be suicidal but I guess kids his age will hail him as hero? Maybe by the time he serve ns he gonna introduce himself as the kid who flipped off the entire nation on national tv. I hope its the later, never know how extreme this will be.
Well if Singapore is for everyone then everyone should contribute equally. But we only have a few brave serving as bunch of cowards.
Well if you ask that then no, in my opinion, what we hate is chinese politics and their schemes like occupying lands, blocking routes, meddling in internal affairs, drowning other countries in their debt, so this is different from scientific and technological advancements, see in terms of population, we're almost equal. We have better, more fertile lands than china, we have better geography than China, still we are behind, why? Our politicians are no different, just they play with our own people because they want to hoard money and power, instead of using the given authority for something good. And Indians are softhearted, we don't mind a little bit of discomfort, we don't confront if we are not happy with something, and people take advantage of that fact. So even if these politicians don't deliver their promises, reelect them, thinking they had some problem with something and that's not their fault, hoping the will deliver them in the next term. Example of this in history is British colonizing India in spite losing 3 head-on battles with Indians. But then they kinda made peace and came in as merchants and business partners. Before British colonized us, we were one of the richest countries in the World, no kidding. But we got caught in their sugary, divisive bs and we lost the unity of the Indian subcontinent, some became bootlickers, some got isolated, some gave up, some fought and perished. History aside, Chinese people work for their Country, and most of us for ourselves because the government is not reliable as there are many corrupt individuals in the hierarchy, so gotta look for ourselves. There's not even minimum wage implemented here. Jobs are scarce, so we go abroad to find better jobs with lesser competition. Sorry for writing such big reply, just wanted to let you know that as well. TLDR hating politics and hating technological and scientific advancements are two different things.
Well if you think about it, Malaysia would be a locked in customer, just like India. Perfect scam to make money off them since sanctions would block other avenues of making money for Russia. Oh yeah, Indonesia has Russian jets in their air force too, probably explains why they are also keeping quiet
Well in the same vein, what's the justification for VDM when most people are vaxed now. Unvax do not pose more risk of transmission than vax. And those who choose not to vax should just face the consequences of their own choice i.e. risk being gravely ill. I'm not an anti vaxxer by the way. Just wondering what's the point of the discriminating measures whether for unvaxxed or migrant workers when it's already a covid party out there with a mostly fully vaxxed population.
Well it's an open and shut case based on the penal code. Also the 3 were willing to get arrested and charged to prove a point. You don't have to worry about them
Well it's unlikely that the current party would be able to pull off another Operation Spectrum to silence dissidents given their current visibility, so there's that.
Well its circulating fast. I think i suggested it before but just give some ntuc vouchers and panadol to those in queue and whoever is having a mild fever, and a telemedicine appointment in 3 days if they still dont feel well. Got to cut the prob at the source
Well just like the recently introduced job discrimination laws. If the majority race starts making noise, then there will be legislation. If not. their house their rules.
Well just look at how he lead the fight against covid. Or any other issue. Never came across as a leader. As for Halimah, she showed her character during the presidential elections . They do not need to be on frontlines. just fight from their leadership positions. but I would be more surprised if all of them do not flee at the first sign of trouble.
Well my parents have never been able to afford a house and we live on rent hut I think China is definitely MUCH worse than Singapore and I actually feel sorry for the Chinese, Taiwanese and Honk Kong people who have to deal with Xi Jinping's dictatorship, censorship and his disgusting bullshit.
Well no one is asking for details, and if you don't even have the faintest idea of what the options are, then perhaps there's no point in making such a big fuss of it now. Moreover, did you bring up diversifying our labour sources pre- covid or any time up till now? Or do you also need a team of civil servants to have the benefit of hindsight?
Well ok this give me time to get vaccinated and live through the 2 week thing they have after getting a jab where they wont count you as vaccinated as per the prev instructions.
Well played, they have some balls. And now with their arrest, the government is seen as 'the bad guy.'
Well played. Fought till the end. Even with 5 match points down she still managed to claw another 2 points. Have a happy retirement! You did your best!
Well put out but fat hope on changing the current practice regarding our mandatory national service. I very much agree with time wasting in NS for half of the NSFs because I'm a pes because soldier myself and I see the back end of things while others 'chiongsua'. All I can say is fuck the amount of allowance that they give. So fucking little even for LT or 2LTs. And from this Ukrainian crisis I can strongly infer that our forces are absolutely useless against huge countries and should only act as our final deterrence defence. Seeing how the world are hesitant to step in directly to help with the war I know they are trying to avoid going into the actual world war , I can only say that Singapore is damn helpless. Unless we have great assets of other countries held in our land, I don't see anyone seeing the need to protect us if anyone decides to fuck our land
Well said Singapore! I fully agree this is not about taking sides, but in fact about adhering to principles of sovereignty and independence
Well said, but that's for you because you're a practical guy. There are guys out there who actually think it is their duty and privelege to pay for all the expensive shit
well SIA isn't really comparable because SIA's bread and butter was long haul international routes which are the most heavily affected by the pandemic, whereas other airlines could rely on their domestic route travel demand
Well Singapore is one of the very few societies out there that favors women. Mandatory Conscription - The big one. All men are forced to enlist for two years in the military, or be sent to prison. Laws that specifically favor women - Easier to get child custody, men can be caned here but not women, male r pe not legally recognized here, automatically assumed at fault during any accusation see recent case of that doctor , child custody automatically awarded to women over men, men can be made to pay alimony but not women, women's charter, the fact that there's no Male equivalent of AWARE should say something. Equal Opportunity - Singapore is one of the few countries in the world without a significant gender pay gap - I'd say women actually have an advantage over men at the workplace due to having 2 years more work experience. Compare that to some countries where women wear the burqa and literally not allowed to drive alone, and you'll realize how stark the difference can be in contrast. Social Advantage - This one is a bit more subjective but I think women have it better socially too - besides a stronger support network, others are more empathetic no talk of manning up, no toxic masculinity, not worried about being perceived as a creep , and arguably easier relationships in traditional Asian societies. To elaborate - Because of cultural baggage meeting the ideals of the west we get a weird mash of gender roles here, we support both feminist empowerment movements women can do everything equally well! and also traditional ideals of the guy being always expected to take the initiative in any relationship, be the provider of the family, make sacrifices etc.
Well technically it's 8 but my school has a morning prayer catholic school and national anthem at 7 40 I just prefer to have that extra half hour to settle in and prep for the day and do homework I forgot about but I mean that's much earlier than I would prefer
well that would solve the problem of 1 parent bringing siblings to school so 2 people travelling together . but month-long term break is coming a couple of weeks anyway.
Well the main thing is we cannot only do with one without the other. Singapore's strategic value is also more nuanced than what we always like to oversimplify into, especially the geography argument. Another way to explore this issue is also to ask yourself for what reason would any of our putative enemies attack us? The moment war hits Singapore, Singapore will become useless. What are the occupiers going to do with a destroyed port and banking infrastructure, and a city swelling with millions of homeless? So if Singapore doesn't have any intrinsic value to conquer and occupy, then what is there? Singapore is a vital pillar of America's strategic presence in the western Pacific. While that also paints a big target on our back to the hegemon to our north, it also ensures that Singapore is a vital asset for the world's largest mililtary to defend. Adding on to this, the SAF is the final cog in the wheel. Even if our enemies are tempted to strike, they'll be thinking twice about the costs. So to sum up. Singapore's national defence outreach is simplified towards the cliche fight for your country. No one is going to defend you but yourself. Any other rhetoric might be too complex for conscripts to understand. But diplomacy is still a crucial component of Singapore's defence. Not just in terms of elevating our value in the eyes of the world, but the point being to avoid a fight to begin with.
Well their policies are pretty good, theres a greater emphasis on social programs compared to the People's Action Party. Would recommend giving their manifesto a read. But all in all I prob wouldn't vote WP in the coming election.
Well then kindly fuck out of the country then. Bare minimum is to defend ur home. If you think its not worth your while you're very welcome to migrate. And this is not even a balik kampung comment. If you dont like ur home and wont defend it then set up home elsewhere. No one forcing you to stay. Free country. But if u want the benefits of calling this home, then at least defend it. Then u can rant and rave all u want.
Well then kindly fuck out of the country then. Bare minimum is to defend ur home. If you think its not worth your while you're very welcome to migrate. Sure, tell all the foreigners and females to get the fuck out of the country then you racist. They can't even do the bare minimum, why are they here? It is not necessary to want to defend a place you call home. Singapore has made it clear to us.
Well they won't ever admit it definitely, but maybe it'll start some discussions in the back wishful thinking
Well two cents as someone who moved to Singapore a few years ago. With all the problems that you listed Singapore focused as well as global , this is perhaps one of the best times in the world to be alive. Life expectancy has never been higher. covid seems bad - but diseases that could have maimed you for life and you'd never know what hit you have been eradicated. The covid vaccines were developed, produced, distributed in a year and a half - by our ingenuity, drive and resources. This was easily a 5-7 year long process in the preceding decade and unthinkable to achieve in most of the previous century. For all the news of geopolitical tensions, we have the longest period of sustained peace ever in humanity's history. Think World War Two. Pay is stagnating and competition might be getting harsher when compared in a 5 year timeframe - but never has there been a better time to create new companies South East Asia has had more unicorn startups in the last year than in the preceding decade or new technologies R&D spending is at all time high and increasingly critical . And this is accessible to more people than ever and not just feudal elites I grew up in a very middle class family in India and now run a early stage startup here in Singapore . Climate change is grave - but never before has there been a collective effort globally to combat it and our tools have never been more powerful technologically or market driven by things like carbon credits . Advancements today have made clean energy wind or solar cheaper than polluting coal or etc - for the first time in human history and most new energy production installations today are green. This is cold comfort when you look at the pressures of having to perform well at school, meeting increasingly high cutoffs for good jobs and financial instability for the future in worsening economic conditions. But the world around us continues to change largely for the better in unprecedented ways - opening up opportunities and prospects unimaginable a few years before.
Well we have been through 2 world wars, and we still learned nothing. I know it is not relevant, but such is being human. You cant exactly change the world, but live your life good and set a great example for others to follow. Hopefully in time to come we can change the culture for a better one.
well well well. is it endemic no more? i rly hoped we would be focused on intensive care unit numbers instead of case numbers also pity all f&b outlets trying to survive whilst National Day will continue like nothing happened
Well when you fearmonger about the virus for the last 2 years with ridiculous restrictions, what do you expect?
Well when your old, you don't really have anything to do, you have the money from cpf assuming you received it but don't have the energy to do anything exciting and fun. You're just at home, with access to the internet waiting to pass away
Well with the track record of our government in relation to protesters I wouldn't have high hopes
Well written. Keep it going. I agree to a large extent with your view of society here, it stems from an elitist and entitlement mindset. Unfortunately, wealth or status have very little to do with wisdom and these snobs will continue to swim circles in their fishbowls. Or perhaps it's fortunate so they stay within their little worlds?
Well yeah. You are free to defend if you want. Just don't make the rest of us do it.
Well yes, guess what the other tenets were? Less contraceptions? Abortions forbidden? Masturbation discourages? I mean they don't go out and say you must have sex, but they sure make it difficult to get relief otherwise.
Well your cousin's parent could have been pressuring him to make her convert. Honestly to my understanding of marriage in Islam in Singapore is that usually the non-muslim woman wld convert. However there are also those couples who dont care and just get married. because love is love to them so religion wldnt define it.
Well, actually, statutory rape in Singapore is 14, not 16. And since you feel that our education shouldn't say anything that is illegal is ok , then shouldn't the same standard be applied to homosexuality? Section 377A is still there regardless of opinion on whether it's biological or choice. Both should be talked about to teach the students how to protect themselves. But I frankly think that any attempt to do that with regards to homosexuality will generate more resentment from the LGBT community than anything else. Why would there be resentment? The main resentment is how Ministry of Education is making LGBT topics taboo while painting it as some unhealthy thing, which would make LGBT students think that they're broken and need fixing. And that can traumatize them, make them feel isolated, and even push them towards suicide. Speaking about it scientifically instead of through the biasness of religious morals is enough. Just teach the students how to protect themselves when having sex, be it hetero or homosexual sex.
Well, actually, statutory rape in Singapore is 14, not 16. And since you feel that our education shouldn't say anything that is illegal is ok , then shouldn't the same standard be applied to homosexuality? Section 377A is still there regardless of opinion on whether it's biological or choice. I do agree with you that our sex education should better address real issues on the ground. But I frankly think that any attempt to do that with regards to homosexuality will generate more resentment from the LGBT community than anything else.
Well, as a kid it's waking up. As a father, waking up with kids to drop them. My fitbit says my weekly avg in 2021 is 5hrs 12min.
Well, heaven is supposed to make you happy, hell is supposed to hurt. so maybe not
Well, I guess you've reached the point where you realise why our birth rate keeps falling.
Well, if anybody did, they should also mention AIM. Nope, nothing wrong with selling a computer system developed by the 14 town councils under its wings to a People's Action Party-owned company . And if I remember correctly, the government AGO, so quick to pounce on free car parking for teachers amongst other infractions , stayed mum on this. F k 'em.
Well, its a view that's supported by statistic. Just go to MOH website and you'll see 99.7% had no or mild symptoms over the last 28 days . So pretty sure the majority at the hospital are really just suffering a sniffle which makes the hospitals bloated and this results in the real severe cases which are concentrated amongst the elderlies not getting the attention they deserve.
Well, lesbians have a significantly lower risk of all STDs, so if you're using the health argument then the government should be encouraging that.
Well, LW did address that during his press conference. Something about we cannot afford to ., never mind. You should know it by now.
Well, more and more people are beginning to share the same sentiment. Who is to say they are wrong?
Well, our contract states that we are liable to cover 5.5days a week, 6 days in ED for our current salary. That's how we hit 90-100 hours rapidly. However, due to manpower shortage, that isn't always the case, some of us have to do extra weekends i.e. working full stretches of 21-25 days before an off day . Regardless of whether your department requires you to work more or less weekends, there is no difference in remuneration. That means Sat or Sun - 6am or even earlier usually as there's less manpower for the same number of patients till 2pm or later in busy rotations due to overwhelming numbers . So please have a pity for the poor junior doctor on the ward on weekends. I've had many a patient kindly inform me that Sat or Sun means relaxed ward work, so I should have more time to talk to them
Well, Russia is actually sovereign. And they decided to use it to violate Ukraine's sovereignty, which is why so many countries are now exercising their sovereignty to impose retaliatory sanctions.
Well, something like this, probably 1 hr+, my more rendered pieces could be from 8-20 hrs.
Well, take a glance at the situation in America. The people laughing to the banks are property owners and the homeless or those going back to live with parents are the rentals. In Singapore, property these days aren't a good capital investment as government wants price stability. But rent is not controlled and can skyrocket depending on demand. So it's always good if you can buy a primary property for security of a roof over your head.
Well, technically in that way, everything you get is pure take home. If they were here as a normal foreign worker they would have to pay for rent and settle their food and transport.
Well, thats when you talk about young adults. What about the people above 40? The percentage not having a degree is even higher and higher in commitment too. Sad to see our local graduates got screwed especially local born. They deserve something better.
Well, the hospital was the site of a massacre of war wounded, doctors and nurses by Japanese forces. I don't believe in ghosts, but the old building and the history don't help.
Well, the Russian posting this Facebook post is sitting in an air conditioned room, protected by security in safe Singapore. He or she is not the poor and clueless conscript being sent to Ukraine
well, then get Tan See Leng to change his phrasing from 'should not' to 'must not'. they leave the wriggle room for cheap firms to manoeuvre around, then they should not complain about the high number of people visiting doctors for MCs, or employers asking for 'verification'. All employers here should not request medical certificates from workers who test positive for covid as the healthcare system continues to face stresses from rising infections amid the Omicron wave
Well, there are public toilets at bus interchanges and MRT stations. That is. until they trace intensive care unit cases to their use of toilets at such locations.
Well, what's the point of bringing the life in to this WORLD? Singapore -- Still one of the best if we look objectively and compare with the rest. US or Western EU -- Job security, high taxes, sky high asset prices where jobs exists AU or NZ -- Sky high asset prices in urban areas rural - one need to be contended. ID or TH or PH -- Check and see if the per capita income vs asset prices vs healthcare vs retirement life. If one is contended with life or keep expectations low then Singapore can have it. If one is making good money and ambitious move to China but then 996 + panda politics. Overall, it always looks green on the other side. We have tons of room to improve without doubt and not at all perfect. Decision of bringing a life is totally personal decision so i'd stop here.
Well. Doesn't make any sense of course. But yes, just ban her from f&b and public transport. She will change her mind.
Well. They do try to scare the monkeys away by sounding a loud horn but that's all ig
went to a religious school and the sex ed this was years ago was titled sex in His city . Came out completely confused about what the talk was supposed to be about
Went to the Singapore covid la kopi group to see the meltdown So now must go buy everything online? Ridiculousss. I watched the PM Lee live and all but close halfway. They just keep repeating the unvaccinated . Then umvaccinated . Majority in intensive care unit. Blabla. Ask those who are on the fence or against vax to go because healthcare workers are stretched. Sounding like blaming the unvaxxed. I. yes? Yes we are?
Were there any more recent ones? My mind is kind of numb to the news these days, so I haven't really been following
were there multiple Mr HDBs? I only remember that mr lim kim san used to have that title
Weren't these photos supposedly taken in December? There's going to be a lot of propaganda floating around now and it's important to remember this guy is in power because the US chose to put him in place. Good old USA playing it's tricky games again.
what a ridiculous statement! everyone else sees millions of colours and here you are in black and white. eh you better go reserve N-day tickets now, May already!
What a well spoken and intelligent girl you are. I just want to come through this screen and mother the hell out of you. It's tough. The situation you described is so SO common. It's pretty much the shared experience of every minority child and person anywhere. Outright racism is one thing but the daily microagressions and constant gaslighting is frustrating and demoralizing. I don't have any advice. You seem smart and mature enough that I'm sure you'll find a way to thrive no matter what.
What about citizens tho? What if your fellow Singaporeans were or are working in India and need to come home?
What about newborn babies? Or. say under 2 year olds ? Does the baby count as 1 person? So only mother and baby can go out? It's super hard to go out to essential matters medical, passport matters at embassy, etc with newborn baby with only 1 person carrying the baby. anyone know who we can call to clarify this matter? MOH? edit just called them. they don't know, they said it's a grey area. said to wait government announcement. . so how sia?
What about people like me who are so discouraged and cynical that I believe that emailing them won't work? I mean, look at what they did to practically everyone who tried, whether it be through the legal way or not, and pay attention to those who actually did it properly. Siew Kum Hong got stonewalled, Fateha got denigrated and their leaders arrested.
What about singaporeans that are working there and need to come home? You gonna deny them that?
What about those who got covid here in Singapore because of these people who need to support their loved ones overseas ? Do they deserve this? Are you going to be in charge of their compassion for their loved ones if they pass away? The fact that you have loved ones overseas is a risk in itself which one should have been willing to take when choosing to migrate or marry overseas. You should not trade your risk for another countryman's risk just because you refuse to accept the risk and consequences of your own decisions.
What about those with valid reasons for not getting vaccinated? Feels like everyone is being penalised in some form or another by those who -- on their own accord -- insist on not getting vaccinated.
What an over reaction. 167 cases from 7 or 5 to 13 or 5 77 with negative serology so possibly infectious. 4 unlinked last night 3 cases total in intensive care unit I don't mind a zero covid mentality if that's the chosen one, but that means you have to go hard and fast. Why wait for fucking 2 weeks, let it spread further then decide to lock down. Either trust the TTI process or act early, not this.
What an unnecessary comment to ruin a beautiful moment. How is the uploader trying to claim credit when the video doesn't even show her? Her we is just referring to the community as a whole A teammate who celebrates team victory VS a negative and cynical one who is quick to find fault at every opportunity he or she gets? I'd say that with your type of attitude the uploader would make a better project teammate than you . And it's not even close
What backstory would justify the assailant's actions here such that the other commenter's rage isn't justified?
What can I say? Trashmaker does as advertised. Can't believe he's not been banned yet. Didn't know Zukiff was a hardcore People's Action Party supporter, just know him for a string of deluded posts on other issues
What could have happened to drive a 12-18 year old kid to murder someone? Very puzzled by what motivated the act of murder especially in young people.
What customer. He's likely reporting to the project management. Which in a sense, is a customer. But if his customer is japanese construction then his fuxked.
What danger were they posing? It wasn't even a major disruption. The danger is that they are displaying dissent and disrespect to the system and authorities in Singapore. This is a crime.
what do one gets after annexing Ubin? - 2 grocery shops - 2 temples - 1 wayang stage - 2 seafood restaurant - Approximately 5 dogs and 20 monkeys - 1 neighborhood police post
What do you expect him to do? The alternative is just giving up to get annexed or completely destabilized by Russia. Ukraine was bullied and exploited by Russia since the beginning of times. Some foreign people think that we've been living in peace and suddenly NATO came and ruined everything. NATO was our only chance at finding some peace after everything that happened throughout history.
What do you expect him to do? The alternative is just giving up to get annexed or completely destabilized by Russia. Which is exactly what is happening now? What are you talking about? Do Ukrainians really expect Putin to sit back and watch you join NATO?
What do you expect security to do? Check their reason for visiting and check with the resident ?
what do you mean? are you saying that 9 mothers cannot birth a child in 1 month !?
What do you spend on? If both parents work that's 9k. I can see how it's harder if there's only one income but that's not so common these days right?
What engine is this running on? Quite interested since I'm studying BSc in Game Dev in the US right now.
What fees and charges can be deducted may I ask? I'd hazard a guess that the price of charter for SAF is already cost neutral and non profit.
What food do they sell? And where is it located at? I'll patronise if I can make time, can dm me as well
What grey area is that? If the owner accepts Chinese, Malay, Thai, Vietnamese, Caucasians, Burmese and Africans but refuse Indians, they aren't diverse friendly? That's a wide range. What is your threshold for diverse? Should Diverse investors buy every possible asset availalbe?
What happened is that, honestly, that was never there this is how things are and how we got here is that they kind of always have been like this. The systems that protect themselves like this did not spring up overnight, they were designed that way from the onset and have strengthened themselves over time. It's just often only vulnerable minority populations that really feel the effects of it until it gets dragged out into the daylight for these brief moments. We do need to demand better, though.
What happened to doing the right thing for the people despite the stupid majority? I'm so disappointed in the People's Action Party and our government. As Singaporeans that's the approach we need to demand. Populism in favor of serving a regressive conservative majority should never be policy.
What happens in the past stay in the past and that doesn't mean we can't change for the future. The question will always come to are you living for the past or for the future?
What happens to the 3 ministers in sengkang grc now? Do they have to step down from their respective posts too?
What happens to those unvaccinated people working in a mall? Are they still allowed to go to work?
What I am hearing is that you want to have a child, but would only do it under better conditions than what you currently have. Personally, I have the same view about the subject. Only have children if you're ready financially and emotionally. Because even when you are ready financially and emotionally, difficulties would still arise. Until then, try to take care of a pet. Like a dog for example. just to check if you're ready.
What I don't like is when people confine something perceived as a greater sin to happening only in Singapore . But we also have to recognize that we haven't evolved enough to discuss these topics. Racism exists everywhere, BUT in the those places the citizens have the agency to talk about it, protest against it and subsequently have a better collective understanding of discrimination. We have had none of that. The government has always shut down any discussion or conflict in public interest , and the consequence is that two whole generations grew up believing the koolaid of racial harmony , and are now rejecting any real conversation about it, because but I was taught we are racial harmony! . The liberal use of imported culture wars and foreign SJW liberalism is a key indicator of our collective blindness on the very local issues of race. Our intellectual understanding of race and racism is really far behind. These were conversations that were supposed to happen a long time ago. My best friend is Indian, and the shit he had to go through for decades really opened up my eyes to issues I didn't realize existed.
What I don't seem to get is 1 year ago, they ignore the problem, fine. 6 months ago, the signs were showing that there were cracks in the system, I mean they were always there but covid exposed them severely. Still have time to recover Fast forward to now, they still trying to sweep it under the rug and hope those in the healthcare sector just suck it up and push away the problem, despite the 1001 signs that they're reaching the limit. I'm calling it now, in 3-6 months our healthcare system WILL cave in and the government will start finding the next thing to blame but themselves, even better, play the none of us could have seen this coming card. Stop wasting time, the best time to start action passed already, the second best time is now. Start with humbling your ego, take a paycut and give bonuses to the frontline people to keep them in. Take some of that money from your inflated income and use it to start drawing newcomers. Stop putting resources into inefficient projects like TT and SDA, or even tray collecting monitors and actually funnel them to the healthcare industry. people wouldn't even change industry for same pay and you expect them to help out because you say please? Not in this world la. Right now your country has a limb that's bleeding out, your money is a bandage, and you using some basic resource management is your cure. To all my healthcare workers, do know that many of us appreciate and see the shitstorm you're going through, even if we could not take up the passion for nursing, please do not let the minority of self-entitled fuckwits kill your light, you're literally the only thing left standing between our less-than-favourable situation and complete chaos.
What I find here all religious people are more chill than other countries. The Sheiks dont need long beards, the Catholics dont guilt people, the Muslims dont get upset at seing people eat during Ramadan, etc, etc I think Singapore has things right, where shoving your religion down other peoples throats is not acceptable, but you can practice what you want. Not negating the OP experience and I am sure theer are fanatics hidden away within all religions in Singapore, but I am happy that Religious fanatisism is quite rare here
What I meant was be selective with your commitments. I do agree with your comment that summer jobs and cca aren't mutually exclusive but there are people who take up 3-4 orientation camps. I took up a summer job on top of holding a vice president position in my cca so it is definitely manageable. There are many people who wants the money but yet are not doing anything to change their situation. There are always opportunity costs for every decision you make and if you choose to forgo income for the pleasure you get, one shouldn't complain being stuck in the rat race. My point is we just have to take responsibility for our situation and not blame it on society when we are unable to be get out of the rat race.
What I think is that there will be no recovery. Just as you think things are getting better the world will be hit by the next major crisis. And then the next and the next.
What I've learned is that the world does not owe you a purpose. You have to search deep within and find it your yourself. This is why I'm all for alternative careers. Not everyone wants to work in an office setting. Trades construction, plumbing, welding etc and working with your hands can be equally rewarding as well.
What if they have family matters to attend to, or elderly relatives to take care of? Some people are fully aware of the circumstances with the pandemic, but they are still left with no choice but to go back and support their loved ones for whatever reason. Quarantines are unpleasant but people are still doing it anyway, so that they can take care of family overseas or go for university degrees or further their career. This is not just the case with India, people have also been shuttling back and forth from the UK and the USA at the height of covid surges over there.
what if we have nuclear reactors for energy but can self-sabo and blow it up causing mass damage in South East Asia, if a neighbouring country aka Malaysia want to play play with us, this would really complete the cycle of sinkie pwn sinkie
What im saying is that you will have a similar situation with any other religions. It is not limited to malays or islam at all. Dont make an issue racial in nature when its not. You could replace 'malay' with 'indian' and change the issue slightly to one of eating beef in this post and there would be little difference.
What industry do you work in? Some industries are notorious for having worse work life balance. This is the average so industries like tech with better working conditions lowers the average. Construction for example, is the worst industry in Singapore. My dad works 10 hours a day six days a week excluding the commute duration. So yea quite sad.
What is disconcerting to me is that we are no more gifted than our predecessors from the last century or even thousands of years back. They have all, with zero exceptions, failed to build sustainable systems. You want sustainable systems? Sustainable green energy, political systems, a global financial system that doesn't crash once every decade? They only exist in theory right now. It's on all of us now to deliver proof of concept with runaway climate change looming in the corner. It's do or die, so I think in the end we will survive. But the pandemic also shows we will wait until the eleventh hour to act, so be prepared for more tragedies down the road.
What is even sadder is when that kind of nasty remarks came from your own siblings. Just because she is a polytechnic diploma holder, she looks down on me, who only holds an ITE cert. Worse, she told my daughter to study hard and don't go to ITE like your mother . The irony is that, her kids are still in childcare. Let's see how they fare when it's their turn. I hope karma hits her HARD!
What is going on? Maybe working from home I'm following the new more closely but I can't remember ever seeing so many murders, let alone in such a short time span. I'm in total shock. rest in peace little man.
What is going to happen to our conscripts in times of war. Will they run like the Russians because they feel there is nothing worth fighting for ? Or stand defiantly like the Ukrainians ?
What is that ? so was it enforced or not? Or we are looking to another Khan case here? Read this and you will understand That's a very primitive way to look at it. There are many reasons to do that and bigotry probably being the last. Really? List them. Most reasons fall under religious beliefs that it's wrong or bigotry. Not sure what's your point here. Again, marriage has very clear definition. If we allow to call marriage anything, where is the line? Shall I apply for build-to-order if I declare marriage with the telegraph pole over there? Yes this slippery slope again. Then tell me, what is it about marriage that applies only to heterosexuals and not homosexuals. Tell me without saying it's the law because that will only be an argument that goes nowhere. Explain what is it about homosexuals that makes them not suitable for marriage. Here we go again The easiest way is to declare yourself self entitled to right way of thinking and announce someone a bigot . Quite typical. You have ignored the fact that you constantly type lgbtwhatever even though it takes more effort and is longer than just typing LGBTQ . The lgbtwhatever clearly shows your dismissive views towards LGBTQ people and yet you think you're not a bigot and people calling you out are self entitled . Do you even see the hypocrisy in your posts calling others self entitled when you show the most self entitlement so far while thinking you represent the absolute truth?
What is the context because something had to have happened it looks like he is trying to kill him
What is the effect of pressing the emergency button? I have always assumed it's to force the train to do a full stop. If that's the case, wouldn't stopping the train at an inaccessible location exacerbate the situation? It would be better to let the train arrive at a station and get help?
What is this man so the rest of us who can't get into RI are illiterate too?
What kind of barriers need implementing? These guys are pretty good at jumping fences it seems. I've designed and built a few koi ponds over the years, and I am familiar with predator prevention methods. Automatic water spray guns using motion detectors, and cable obstacles work well against feathered fiends not that they are a major problem here Not having wading depth shelves similarly deter those with longer legs like the larger herons. When dealing with clawed critters that can climb fences and swim exceptionally well, those measures are for naught. Years ago, I thought that we were blessed not to have raccoons, the bane of western koi enthusiasts. I guess I thought too soon Keeping a dog is probably one reasonable solution. The same technique is used to dissuade trash panda invasions. Gotta be a sizable one though, or it will just get bullied. Unfortunately not everyone views em as furry friends - which is why many of us keep fish in the first place. There are also alternative methods available there like the use of predator cougar or coyote or wolf urine. Might get a bit smelly given the relatively small property lines we have over here though. I am also not too sure if the piss of these foreign predators will have any effect on otters. In the UK, electric fences are used to keep em out of fisheries. We can't do the same here to protect our pets. At least not legally. It is relatively straightforward building such a contraption out of a few supercapacitors and a DC charging circuit. I can't say the thought hasn't crossed my mind - especially after a few monkey invasion episodes.
What kind of lens did you use for this? Is it just a normal one, or a wide angle?
What kind of life do you think the rest of the world have? Live in a mansion filled with unicorns and mermaids, not having to work a day in their life? Life is what u make of it. Get one.
What kind of retard comes up with this kind of caption? Your grandfather grandmother will join the war also?
What makes you restraining yourself now? Just don't give a damn and turn on blasting music full volume, big deal
What makes you think I'm against tough measures against Russia? Exactly. It's kinda amazing how these people don't understand something this simple. I've never said that I support Russia in any way at all but these these people who react so emotionally with all these if you're not with me, then you're against me kind of BS. They're saying no different from North Korea violates human rights so I can do so too . Russia is breaking international laws so I can too. Then again these people have been quiet all the time when the US violated international laws which happens all the time diego garcia, unjustified wars in the middle east etc
What makes you think Jamus would even want to join the People's Action Party? Any person with a conscience wouldn't.
What news? Destroy reputation? VB has done a ton of crap in recent memory and he's not going anywhere.
what OP is saying is a lot more about personal income and stuff. that's being responsible, only bringing a kid into the world when the world is you're able to provide in terms of time, emotionally and financially . But the world can't.
What other issues were they unhappy about? If there are other examples and you do not mind sharing.
What people tend to call a dowry in Singapore is really a bride price. A dowry is actually the girl's inheritance, given when she gets married rather than when her father dies.
What skill. . All I remember was lame punching and kicking during BCCT in BMT. I didn't do anything more advanced than that. I lowly RP only.
What sort of treats would be welcome? I have an upcoming appointment with a team and wondering what sort of food is allowed? Ideally individually wrapped?
What talking you? There is 100% a vaccine for seasonal flu. Been around for a very long time, and it is given safely to adults and children. In fact, elderly and young kids are most at risk for serious complications from seasonal flu influenza . This is the first result on Google
What that's all you had to do? I had to sacrifice the children of my extended family up to the 3rd cousin, drain their blood into large inflatable pools, soak my infant baby in it baptism style and drink the rest of it so I harness the power of Lucifer in my body. The sheer power of the demonic being caused every inch of my skin to split open and now I look like a red rockmelon
What the 99% needs to do is to band together, capture the assets of the rich bourgeois elite and then divide it up for everyone to enjoy, in a communal way. That's not possible given how social constructs like class, wealth, etc were all created by mankind. Even in Marxism, people still look up to a leader to settle everything.
What the actual fuck. Whole world is opening up and living with covid. And here we are stuck again due to some horny assholes and frightened government.
What the fuck do you work for then if you don't even have time for anything, even sleep
what the fuck I'm damn annoyed. I barely went out for these few months, and had plans to dine out with SO for our first anniversary this Friday. And things are ruined again
what the fuck is this kind of fucked up marketing eat people $99 what the fuck Tip next time you don't want to get called by these sales person, invest in a cheap watch and when you're walking past them you look at your watch. This way you'll look like you're rushing or in a hurry they'll less likely to call you. If they do, tell them you're running out of time k thx bye and leave. This way they can't do their slimy marketing on you. Take care y'all
what the fuck IS THIS. Dude, Halimah is useless, both politically and militarily. Maybe she can be the chief chef in cookhouse or something. Better question is Will the ex-SAF generals-turned-politician fight along side with us? Just throwing out a few names Gan Xiao Huang - BG RSAF Desmond Tan - BG Army Poh Li San - Major RSAF Tan Chuan Jin - BG Army Ng Chee Meng - Lieutenant-General RSAF Chan Chun Seng - Major-General Army
what the fuck is this? brother. those are some legit power moves aiming to hurt and even kill the guy. hope someone finds out who the assailant is
what the fuck is wrong with July we had a series of killing and covid outbreak Ang Mo Kio murder, Pungol murder, karaoke lounge outbreak, all in July. Condolences to the parents ineffable feeling for them right now.
what the fuck reminds me of the subway scene in the Joker. Singapore is really becoming a breeding ground for unstable and unadjusted individuals. Probably the chronic stress of the average Singaporean lifestyle. May God have mercy on us.
what the fuck. I don't think I've ever seen something like this happen in Singapore before. Thats scary as fuck edit, chinese news reporting it as a stabbing or slashing incident. edit i am well aware of various slashings that happened in previous year. but i dont think i have heard of a situation where it has led to death on the school campus. this might be a first
What the fuck. Imagine thinking it is okay to abandon your very constitution and the rights enshrined in it during the the time of a crisis. What next? Should governments revoke habeas corpus as well during another crisis? Your reasoning is absolutely disgusting. You're saying that it is completely fine to abandon the very tenets of international and national laws because crisis . I am actually gobsmacked and amazed that people in Singapore actively support stranding their fellow citizens. That's when you know a country is absolutely fucked. Here is rational citizenry's reaction to banning their goddamn citiznens. we still don't know much about the Indian variant Also very wrong. Just shows how educated you are. I'm utterly gobsmacked this past few days reading this subreddit. The racism and lack of education is plain as day to see.
What the fuck? They didn't know each other? Back then even my school's gangster won't use an axe to slash people, what the fuck
what the fuck? What happened to easing into endemic living and managing restrictions based on people in need of intensive care unit instead of focusing on the raw count? And how will banning gyms and restaurants dine-in help when most of the clusters are in the fishery port, wet markets, and hawker centres? people are still going to continue with their grocery shopping and takeaway from hawker centres. Why can't we just trust that the testing, tracing, and vaccination will work out? It's as if the government don't even trust the strategy they put up themselves to head to the new normal .
What to do? . We are the minority. We speak up about racism, we get shot down by people who wouldn't even try to hear our side of the story on the basis that we were trying to stir shit up. And in my own experience, my Chinese friends were the ones who laughed at me and dismissed my story. Cannot win lar. They did not see it happen, so therefore racism don't exist, right?
What u mean? They can just as easily see god if they wish to remain unvaccinated. It just takes some time.
What was the price of the vodkas? Prices for liquor seem to be so random in Singapore.
What you mean you dunno? Go school for what? Next time want to be road sweeper is it? From now on after school come home cannot go out with your friends!
What you you suggest the average singaporean does when they see someone beating up somebody else in the train, other than pressing the emergency button and calling the police, taking a video for evidence purposes, i don't think there is much else people can do. Even when it comes to taking down someone who is fighting back, sometimes it takes 2 to 4 policemen working together to take down the person. The people in the train are not trained to stop the fight and neither do they have the necessary moves and skillset to take the attacker down effectively. Moving in to stop the fight could result in more victims.
What's even weirder is why hospitals are not being more strict in turning away people who don't really need medical attention.
What's going on? It's annoying or not interesting I'm in this photo and I don't like it I think it shouldn't be on Facebook It's spam
What's most important is that we make the right decisions to avoid war. It's not that heroic if you drove the country into a totally avoidable war.
What's really scary is that most of the world is actually very non-moderate and extremists and we are beginning to see more and more of them as the world changes.
what's so puzzling? Bullying and victimisation will always happen no matter what decade. Mental health and nervous breakdowns, also the same.
What's the difference between your proposal and the current situation? As it is only Citizens and PRs are allowed to board the flights to Singapore, and they are quarantined for 14 + 7 days.
What's the point of doing anything at all then? Why travel that extra mile to pay extra for an overpriced meal at some obscure location in Singapore when you can simply cook at home? We don't always do things because it makes sense or is practical and reasonable Perhaps you could look at things based on the intangible benefits it brings you. Getting married, getting a partner, having kids, taking care of your parents, working hard for your goals etc the list goes on and on. It is true, somethings are not practical and reasonable but we still do it anyway. Everyone will have their own reasons why they do things. I challenge you to ask yourself why you should have kids in Singapore instead of why not. Nobody else in this thread will be able to answer this question for you. and if you still think its a bad idea, good news, nobody is forcing you to get a kid
What's the point of having kids in any country? Singapore isn't the only overpopulated place. Agreed.
what's the point of telling your boss that you hit the jackpot? Just send a generic resignation email and start living your new life quietly
What's the strawberry generation? American here, does your country have a lazy gen from older generations mentality like ours. If so that's pretty wild but not unsuprising that this is a natural group think.
What's the use of millions in military aid when you have no land to fight on? At least for Ukraine they have the buffer to Kyiv. A strong military will allow us to neutralize the enemy before they strike.
What's with having 'balls to enforce'. Why you all talk like it's criminal or underhand way of doing
What's with the elitism in school names again? Just because they have many alumnis who are successful or Singapore ministers in it? Seriously, we should discuss about the policies and not talk about personal background.
What's with the guy standing there and watching and staring? Is he going to alight the train after and pretend nothing happened?
What's wrong with a Monk going for a holiday with his Butt Fu. Wait I'm supposed to subtle.
What's wrong with putting food on the floor, seems like an alternative if you do not want to physically be close to the person. And you will never know about sleeping in the ambulance. After all, desperate times call for desperate measures. For example, you might say that it's a practise for saf and their mandated 7 hours of uninterrupted rest but you might be surprised to know how many of them don't adhere to it. Not saying outright if the story is true or false. We cannot be gullible and believe everything, same thing we can't be skeptics about everything either.
What's your definition of making peaceful protest impossible ? 1 Disallow all forms of protest 2 Allow protest but arrest them afterwards Because Singapore is 1 and not 2 .
What's your specific role there that lets you watch it for free? Are you the guy who puts the film into the projector? I heard that there's a very tone-deaf scene of how they handle suicide
What-about-ism at its finest. If justifying Ukrainians suffering now is a thing What about the people who don't give a damn about the guy who doesn't give a damn about the Ukrainians who don't give a damn about the Syrians, Iraqis, Palestines based on their colors?
what. Thanks for the ad hominem attack and appeal to authority. I have no interest in discussing my qualifications to comment on this as I prefer the focus to be on the arguments themselves. My claim on the justification for Russia's attack is based in international law, specifically post World War Two law that prohibits wars of aggression. I'm also well aware that Russia-Ukraine and NATO history is complex and multi-faceted and can be interpreted multiple ways. My last paragraph wasn't saying that it's not NATO's fault - it's pointing out the problem in the way you're oversimplifying a complex issue to it's NATO's fault , and privileging Russia's plays as legitimate while NATO's are not, while not recognising Ukraine's own desires, agency and will in all this. by the way if you're repeating someone's views but poorly and someone criticises your formulation of those views, that's on you, not the original source. I'm done here.
Whataboutism is when they say it's okay for Putin to do X because the US did Y. Don't think that's the case here.
whatever pros of letting them in, it is us locals who bear the cost and suffering. This is the key. They gain the benefits, you suffer the consequence. It's a slight spin on privatize the gains, socialize the losses
Whats crazy is that 3 of my family members felt the tremors at home while me and another sibling did not. I was quite surprised when they ran up to me yelling EARTHQUAKE EARTHUAKE
Whats gonna happen to the 16 year old? Will he get capital punishment or something at least where his life is ruined? Probably not, right?
whats the point of bringing a life into this world at all. I needed someone to be grateful that I gave birth to them. - My parents, probably
Whats the use of vaccination and lockdowns. Look at Israel and UK covid cases, they got higher vaccination rates than us. If vaccines are so effective then there should not be an uptrend in new cases. Don't blame it on Delta variant, there's gonna be more new variants in the future, are we going to lockdown every time a new variant emerges?
When are we gonna acknowledge the elephant in the room? 3 murders in a week involving neighbours, a couple and teenagers. Mental issues are real and will only get worse with this flip-flop over covid measures and restrictions. We are losing innocent young lives to protect the vulnerable old. Hard decisions are required at this stage and sadly, all I can see are cowardly and afraid to die ones.
When did they ever proclaim to stand up for everyone and be inclusive? They clearly stand up for traditional families. Traditional families ensure the continuity of the society. As for the gay couples - why would the government care about those and stand up for those?
When grab and uber came in to disrupt the taxi industry, they were legitimately shit. Now hopefully they will keep grab in check and the cycle continues.
When I first scrolled past the news I thought I was imagining things . I can't believe that this happened in such close proximity, even thought we are familiar with massacres happening in other countries never thought that I'd one day hear about such violent incidents in a school in Singapore.
When I hunt for property I get rejected 19 times out of 20 enquiries. In fact most people do not list it in their ads. Which evil do I prefer? Neither because both sucks. I don't know what to tell ya mate.
When i said non vital, i was thinking like the head or neck.which would more likely kill someone.than the torso. Unless of course it ended up near the heart.
When I saw the thumbnail and knowing the scene, I kinda thought heh, this is a clever use of the vid . But the fact that it kept going and almost every reference was on point, including the Sri Aman at the end. Well done good sir.
When I see a fight I'm mostly like 'fair enough', until the start stomping or kicking people in the head whilst they're on the floor - that's the sign of a real asshole.
When I visited over a decade ago. people were nice, food was amazing, great scenery, amazing weather. But too humid for me. Even the cab drivers told me to never move there, visiting is fine. I slowly started to see what he meant. Some places are just for visiting, not living at.
When I was a kid I was on a family holiday in Dubai. And I remember watching loony tunes cartoons on tv in the hotel room. And porky pig was censored. Just a big black rectangle covering him for the whole cartoon.
when I was feeling that way I went to a few art workshops over a few months.
When I was in Primary school, a classmate brought one of these to class in a shoebox. He set it loose and mayhem ensued.
when I was studying there we all damn scared of him by the way he's still there today
When I was there, I drew a picture for a notice board. One guy standing at edge of poster, one girl standing at other edge. They were just standing, fully clothed in student uniform, not doing anything at all. I was ordered to take it down because it encouraged boy girl relationships . The Teachers were pruder than nuns.
When I watched the interview he had in the US regarding the pandemic, he made me proud to be a Singaporean. Now, he just lost all my respect.
When I'm alone outside, normally I walk very fast so no one has a chance to talk to me.
When it's come to the issue national sovereignty every government, regardless democratic,social, communist, monarchy, dictatorship,republic. The country central bank is basically a unlimited printing machine the export the country has and overseas funds would be use to fund national sovereignty operations first. Money is never an issue. Look at the war torn Middle East, North Korea, beralus, and the cartel stronghold in South America. So money is not an issue. But Inflation would be
When people are fighting, physically stopping might get you injured. Always, always stand a sufficient amount of distance away and either shout police is here , or calling the police . These two sentences are most effective in stopping people mid fight. You basically force their fear of capture to kick in. The key is distraction. Nothing distract someone faster than saying police is here in my experience.
When push comes to shove, blame and push to ordinary Singaporeans for everything . Peasants kanna the shit still happily vote for them in the next elections, of course just fling shit at peasants la!
When she was exhorting her men to run, she herself could be heard frequently bellowing My grandmother can run faster than me! Legend goes that her grandmother is actually Princess Xena of the Amazons.
When she was speaking the YouTube channel chat was like who this pleb wheres Jamus , such a shame because I thought she was v charming with her smile and optimism ,
when the first was first report oh, wait and see, then take action. when the first few migrant workers were infected oh, wait and see, then take action. when the virus in a particular country just kept spreading oh, wait and see, then take action. all because they wanted to take the risk and lapse their judgement. economy first, eh?
When the scary thing about shooting an armed civilian is the amount of red tape and paper work to fill in
When these definitions and classifications change because of political beliefs see the recent declaration by the APA that masculinity is harmful , I'm going to continue believing what is pretty obvious but politically incorrect being trans is like being schizophrenic. Sure, you can try to normalize it as much as you want but I think most would be better served if they just got treatment.
When they are priced out of the city because they are not earning enough to even rent a small apartment. SV or San Fran is not all sunshine and tellytubbies
When they ask you questions, answer is because you had mala pot last night. When they ask you how does mala relate to their question, reply them then how their question relate to you Ie how many siblings you have? I had mala yesterday. What mala have to do with siblings? Then how many siblings i have ?
When they conveniently increased the visitor limit from 5 to an auspicious 8, right before Chinese New Year, it led to plenty of eye-rolling between my partner and I. Where was the scientific data that proved an additional 3 visitors was no greater risk? And why not 6 or 7 or 9? Guessed last week that they'll restrict the guest limit since Hari Raya is coming up, and lo and behold. Leaves a foul taste in my mouth.
When they fuck up blame the workers normal Singaporeans who've been doing their part mostly , then when got success celebrate and pat themselves on the back. Sounds familiar.
When they need to wayang, the tears come out. I remember when Lee Hsien Loong crying in 2011 when he realized he could be the first PM to lose a GRC. His quote If we didn't quite get it right, I am sorry but we will try and do better the next time, Well, we're sorry we didn't get it exactly right, but I hope you'll understand and bear with us because we're trying our best to fix the problems. Then let's not forget Jo Teo's award winning performance in parliament while refusing to apologize to foreign workers for the dorm spread.
When they said Russia started bombing the east. I didn't expect it to be this East.
When three shots isn't enough, so you to police to get your 4th. Now the virus will be afraid of bullets too.
When USA invaded Afghanistan and Iraq, all western countries join the fight. Even after 20 years of occupation, the USA or NATO walked away without any penalties for any of their war crimes. when Israel keeps invading Palestine and setting up illegal settlements the world keeps quiet because it would be anti-Semitic to say anything Wouldn't it be nice if there was consistency and transparency in international law? The Russian invasion of Ukraine has shown that USA or NATO has the power to boycott, divest and sanction a country that invades another sovereign nation, yet the same rules does not apply to them or their allies. Are we supposed to keep silent and just accept this USA or NATO hegemony? If the USA or NATO decided to invade Singapore or any country in the South East Asia because there might be 'Weapons of Mass Destruction', do we just kneel before the imperialists?
When will this end I've been keeping track of the vaccination rates and was feeling encouraged seeing it rise everyday. Gave me hope, since our return to normalcy always seemed to be pegged to that. Now I don't know what to hang onto anymore.
When you are a sign board in a MRT but your dream job is a microwave.
when you are old enough, you will know this is no big deal they are quite used to being rejected anyways
When you called gg easy in a game of mobile legends, but forgot that your opponent was right beside you I am being sarcastic
When you have an irresponsible government that imports people during a pandemic like theres no tommorrow, ordinary and responsible Singaporeans suffer.
When you look the same, sound the same, are legally obligated to engage in the same activities, and are stuck in a country where all the cool ones commit suicide, what else is there to do but live vicariously and viciously through your children?
When you said Life of Boris, I could hear his intro and that obnoxious music already.
When you're a minister and still compare what secondary school the other guy you're debating with is from. So all school is a good school still stands?
When you're going through so much pain considering suicide , the logical frontal lobe isn't really functioning at much capacity
Whenever i'm asked about my retirement plan, I just tell people that not having kids is part of it.
Where better to protest Ministry of Education policy than at their door? The location's the whole point, their offer's basically telling them to not protest or get arrested. But the message is pretty weak when there's only like 5 people there.
Where does it say in the source that China has the highest % of stabbing deaths in the world?
Where else can you get a dirt cheap force of expendable labor to do all the nation's saikang for the low low price of $1k a month?
Where will you try to go? I know the NHS is doing quite badly US is also a disaster. I'm just curious at which nation's healthcare system is handling it well enough.
Where'd they get this data, I'm Dutch and I sleep like 6 hours and that's pretty much enough. My mom sleeps 2. It is not enough
Where's the logic behind this stupid rule anyway? Whether it's a mall or standalone, it's just people in a building
Where's your parents stall at? If I pass by, I'll go support. You can dm me
Whether or not it's right is a seperate issue. I would be a massive asshole if I insulted your dance in front of you, but it isn't necessarily racially charged.
whether or not singaporeans are fine with it or not does not matter one bit.again, if you are even abit aware of how the political system in singapore works, you should know that singaporeans have no say in the decisions the country makes.it's an authoritarian country ffs.
Which begs the question why are our rulers generally the elderly? Finland and New Zealand have much younger heads of states that are for more in tune with current times.
Which has never made sense to me. Keep importing these cases and very soon, we won't have much of an economy left when we have to institute another circuit breaker. Could the proponents of this be any more short sighted?
Which is a great CSR announcement. The customer may not see that discount, but anyone with knowledge of the taxi industry know that taxi companies' main customers are the drivers who rent taxis from them, not the passengers who ride the cabs.
Which is also far from the biggest consequence of the law, compared to things like teachers ignoring or even instigating the bullying of gay and other LGBTQ students on the basis of how they should not be encouraging future crime. Likewise housing access which, granted, is tied to marriage , and how the law contributes to stigma that enables and allows the justification of employment discrimination, blackmail, domestic violence in same-sex relationships going unreported because it means the victim will be forced to reveal that he's gay, inability for LGBTQ groups like the T Project to register as charities to receive funding for critical support services like providing food and shelter to people kicked out of home and rejected by regular shelters for being trans, etc.
Which is pretty funny considering Pulau Brani is going to be phased out as a seaport location in real life and they are moving everything to Tuas.
which is ridiculous when majority of the troubled teens i've met have family issues that cannot dig themselves out of. getting parental consent is suicide. Exactly. This is why I don't support the request of families to know where their runaway children are when they go missing - too many abusive parents around. A lot of times the kid run because they can't take the family anymore. Unrelated username checks out
which is why i feel that bobo shooters shd get a status to not shoot and then be designated to do other things instead you are forced to shoot because of doctrine and kpi obligations. for what it is worth, during my last few ICTs, i opt to not shoot and just focus on doing logistical duties. i already got my marksmen qualifications twice over and was gonna ROD so fuck that shit man.
Which is why this is just so jarring to me, other methods of de escalation didn't work and the man clearly was of some form of threat for the police to actually draw weaponry, really curious as to what happened here, I'm just hoping that non lethals were used beforehand
Which isn't the point but sure, continue living in your alternate reality where everything is perfect.
Which law or feature of the law do you have in mind when you say that?
Which leads to messed up metrics for the rest of the team. Makes your average worker look like a lazy slob.
Which modern and developed society isn't functioning this way though. Elsewhere in Asia, Tokyo, Seoul, Hong Kong, Taipei, Shanghai are all worse in the sense that none of the young people are able to afford housing in the city. Looking at the west, it's the same too. Many young Americans are broke, paying student debt, and medical insurance. Housing in Singapore is already considered cheap comparing first world cities
Which MRT station? I think the law protects you if u cancel within 7 days. someone correct me if I'm wrong
Which mutual defence treaty covers that? None though the FPDA members might get involved , but self-interest will. A quarter of the world's trade comes through this area, and I think we're the only port in South East Asia that allows the US and China too I think? to dock. No one's going to wait for a stalemate here to resolve itself, and Singapore has proven itself to be much less corruptible and much more capable administratively than the countries which are the most likely to attack us.
Which never lasts because there are always people of limited morality who are also driven and above average in intelligence. Those people always game whatever system is in place and upset the balance in their favor and amass wealth and power, then their offspring eventually become apathetic decadent fools who think that what their ancestors accomplished automatically makes them better than everyone else.
Which was probably why George Yeo simply yeeted off to Hong Kong to live a happy life. Power to him, but Singapore lost a good MP that day.
Which year was the one the guy uses the circle sign? Was it the year after,the same year as that lady who went viral for her looks? I think the auntie knock another auntie was in 2019.
While close to 50 per cent of the population have completed their vaccination regimen, there remains a number of vulnerable individuals, such as our seniors, who have yet to take up vaccination This is going to sound selfish, but they have had almost half a year now. If they don't, they don't want. I'm fucking tired that my life gets put on hold because of some entitled, selfish old folks
While I absolutely agree with not overspending on weddings and honeymoons, it feels bad that you consider your wedding costs as losses . I don't think weddings should be profitable right?
While I agree with most of your points, I think we are on the brink of that changing. Especially on the issue of climate change, if you haven't already taken a look at the IPCC report. The situation is dire, to say that there is a concerted effort to tackle climate change is being rather optimistic. Large corporations are not budging willingly on this front, countries have missed the previous deadline to cut emissions and if we don't do so by 2030 I would say our climate is beyond saving. The effects are irreparable and not enough is being done at the moment to salvage the situation in my opinion. This is the main reason why I'm considering not having a child, not so much the other reasons OP has stated. Would you want to live in a Singapore that is 36-40 degrees at its hottest?
While I appreciate a leader that fights alongside with his people, having two senior citizens as fighters would obviously end up as a burden more than any help Also, people like to romanticise the idea of a leader getting his hands dirty and doing the work on the ground. While that's good from time to time, and allows the leader to understand the ground better, that's not the purpose of having a leader in the first place. A leader is supposed step back, to have oversight of the bigger picture and do his planning accordingly, not get himself with tunnel vision by getting too involved in micro ground work.
While I do believe that healthcare worker deserve more money and better treatment than they're getting, I get the feeling that healthcare systems are always in crisis, one way or another. Seems to be the efficiency of it. And that's speaking not just of Singapore. The UK's NHS was a mess even before covid. I'm sure there are counterexamples, but they probably have a different philosophy towards running such services.
While I know about the education system in Singapore is hard to change, I sure hope the few in power can voice out to make a change and make schools a safe place for all. Enough about preaching that there's is no discrimination to the LGBT community or putting out vague PR responses that don't have any impact or change to the system whatsoever.
While I understand your point, can I argue that without using the money inside the cpf as a 20% down payment, it'll be very hard for us to buy a house? Or what other solutions do you suggest, I'm curious
While I won't speculate on the causes or motives, I think it must be said that more needs to be done to promote and improve mental health among the youth. Suicides, murders and depressions aren't a joke.
While it feels stupid, you have only got to try and be the one approving this to feel the sheer disregard that ensues. Of course company culture really is the main underlying issue that results in this stupid rigamarole. I don't think there's a right answer here but definitely for a country that prides itself on having people as the most valuable resources, we also have one of the worst HR policies regulatory control and laws for a supposed 'first world country'.
While that may be true, these guys are in charge of running the country, even in times of war. Exactly what net benefit would we get from having them drop all that to take part in activities that they're too old or unfit for, using weapons and equipment that they're not trained or experienced in handling?
While true, another perspective can be when was the last time we had a young head of state? PM Lee Kuan Yew, president ong teng cheong i think
While we are back to No Dining in restaurant again, the National Day Parade will still continued with live audience. This doesnt make sense. The NDP should go no audience again but I guess they would rather have NO DINERS DINING IN than an EMPTY STADIUM FOR A PARADE.
While you are a beautiful and kind example, of all that humanity can aspire to! You see those Russian tanks blown up in Ukraine. Now, where do you think the money to replace them will come from? For that matter, the 100 to be given to the families of slain Russian soldiers. Tax revenues! Maybe stop with the name calling. To start emptying your bank account. For all the Russian chocolates you can buy.
While you're at it can you legally report them for discriminatory practices if they say no Indians allowed in the house? edit sorry if the question was dumb. I just found out about why it's technically not illegal since the property is privately owned so it's within their rights to lease it to whomever they want even if it's for seemingly racist reasons
Who are you to tell the client what to do? They are well within their rights to lease their own house to whomever they want
Who else remembers the press con 2-3 weeks back where each MMTF minister was talking about Singapore's endgame with covid. 1. Increase testing capacity mass test at will screening centres 2. Testing for high risk setting f&b workers etc. 3. Retail sale of ART test kits and to self test as a precaution 4. Increased vaccination for all SGreans + foreigners All that was said so we DON'T HAVE TO ROLL BACK MEASURES. I remember each minister damn damn proud saying covid will be endemic, there is no eradicating, we must LEARN to live with it LW's awkward semi-american tone . Welp, we're back in cheebye. All those for nothing. snap like that.
Who gave this comment gold . Workplaces got affected too or did you only read the article title
who in their right mind thinks that's racist. I'm Indian and that's a very reasonable thing to do. Things fucked up over here fam
Who is going to believe you if you take the same measures at 0-10-50% of your population fully vaccinated ? Get vaccinated and things will be better? Dear governement, half of our population is vaccinated and you are just giving us the proof that vaccines don't change anything. If I were an old uncle against vaccine thats the worst signal you could give me You are currently telling them and everyone vaccinated or not nothing changes.
Who may concerned about anymals, please think who destroys the nature and who invades their hometown first, Otters in Youtube or online video is not harmful to you unless you live in the same place In my experience in Switzerland, Swiss swims every where in the lake without concerning anymals. That's how they enjoy their life with nature.
Who say poorly motivated . All the ICT surveys say otherwise! I am being sarcastic in case anyone can't see it.
Who says we are all an echo chamber and will make no difference? WE DID IT!
Who tf pays $3.600 per month for a 67 m2 apartment? edit I wouldn't even consider a racist landlord and hypocrite in the first place. But the price is so much beyond believable
who the hell gives their kids flu shot every year? i dont and theyre healthy because i make sure they exercise often outside and not stay home n become obese like many covid obsessed parents. Child obesity went up last year because many parents rather give their kids long term obesity related illness by locking them up at home just so their precious kids dont get covid when zero kids have died. SMH
Who Would like to hear a rebuttal or defence from the minister of education. Kee Chiu?
Who's care about high school if you make it to the same university as the top school.
Who's gonna pay for these flights? How many people can you coordinate to get on a flight? government use coffers you say waste. Ask those flying back also not everyone can afford
Whoa it's been so long since I last visited India Back than it was only 35 rupees to 1 sgd
Whoa you just unlocked a memory for me. As I recall, my teacher would check everyone's booklets weekly and scold people who didnt donate kinda messed up to think about . I didnt have any donations because I was a forgetful kid, so on the last day I squeezed out like $2 from my pocket money to have something to write down. Can't imagine this kind of nonsense flying today
Whoever came up with the idea of public debate at Mediacorp might be thinking. what have I done? . Unless the person is a WP supporter
Whoever taught us to pronounce flour as flahhh has a lot to answer for. This includes Malaysians as well
Whoever wrote this is incredibly dumb. To build healthy relationships, you should encourage the young ones to learn how to love and care for themselves first. Once people learn how to love and care for themselves, they will understand how to love and care for others more easily and foster healthy relations friendships, family relations, sexual relations, romantic relations 2022 and there's still this stupid discussion on how any form of sexual minorities should be discouraged
Wholly unprecedented. For those lamenting that its too little, note that only 2 Countries in the whole of ASEAN have condemned Russia, only us and tiny east timor in South East Asia had the guts to co sponsor the UN motion condemning Russia. We are the only one implementing sanctions on Russia in the whole of South East Asia, not future superpower Indonesia nor other large nations such as Thailand, Philppines or even Malaysia but tiny Singapore. We should do more but what we have done is pretty good for the standards of this ball less region.
Why apologise? U said nothing wrong. This culture and obsession of asian parents branding admission to a famous school automatically equates to success and superiority is utterly sad and laughable. Well done on working part time and making ur own pocket money, these are very valuable life experiences and they will pave the way to real success later in your life. Good schools supposingly give good education, and these parents are making sure their kids receive exactly the opposite through their parenting.
Why are churches still allowed to open? You can pray in your own bedroom if you need to. It's unnecessary to have 50 people in a church if we can't have 2 people in a fucking pub.
Why are insurance companies allowed to discriminate against people with different driving experience as well as medical histories though? Everyone should pay the same premiums for all insurance. To have difference prices is justifying discrimination!
Why are people blaming their own choices on the system? I'm grateful that I speaking for myself a fairly good education out of the system at a fair cost. That enabled me to do what I wanted, which I did. I self funded a 5 year around the world trip with the last 2 years being more sedentary after working enough to pay off my university loan. There are many whom I have met along the way who worked while travelling so that is an option as well, definitely something people from Singapore can do. Paying that much for a wedding, heck even choosing to marry a spouse that expects you to pay months of your salary on a wedding ring is a choice - your choice I think that is ridiculous - would rather spend the money on something else - but that's me. Why do it if you don't like it? Maybe it provides more emotional comfort to you than you realise. At the end of the day most of us who are not in bad circumstances eg having to pay for parents' medical bills etc made the choice. This is life I guess. I made my choice, and there are trade offs I suffer because of that. I don't own a house yet, nor do I have a spouse. I had to spend time reconnecting with friends after coming back. No one has ever held you at gunpoint happened to me and made you do the above. Maybe having your own children, or early financial stability made you choose the tried and true. What works for me may not spark joy for others. Ultimately you are accountable for your life. Cheers.
Why are you so intent on defending him? If you don't like a practise, and you know the practise is important to someone's culture or identity, keep it to yourself. Insulting it would 100% be not right.
Why can't People's Action Party just look at other countries like Australia and New Zealand, and learn from them? It's a simple concept really, just cut the borders. It reduces cases and cuts the chances of outbreaks at hospitals like the one seen recently. But, no, People's Action Party has to accept flights from the country with the highest transmission rates yet, and punish the community for it. Crazy. edit I also want to mention how the government is acting like our medical system is incapable of handling cases. What they should be focusing on are the number of deaths and rate of deaths, not the case numbers alone. It's been established by many experts that considering how covid is so easy to transmit, that it will never truly be eradicated. covid will be the new flu, therefore the government should focus heavily on is distributing vaccines, which play a crucial role in reducing the chance of death in those who do end up catching it. Singapore's healthcare system is one of the most capable in the world, which just extends to the fact that the government is overreacting over a dozen new cases. They are punishing the Singaporean people for their own mistake in the management of this pandemic.
Why can't we just do a snap strict 3-4 day Circuit breaker like Australia and NZ. Get it done and over with instead of these pointless dragged out measures.
Why can't you be diversity friendly whilst excluding a handful of others? The US can boast about being diverse whilst having 60% whites.
Why do people expect Singapore to be different or special? This kind of behaviorist exists everywhere, if there exists a country to completely eradicate this kind of thinking it certainly won't be us. Much older and experienced countries have tried and not yet succeeded
Why do people keep saying this guy is trained ? He literally went for standard knee and elbow strikes. No need to be trained what to do all that.
Why do schools start so early here? I'm pretty sure mine started at 8 30 or 9 or so a long time ago in the UK . Kids need more sleep than adults, so it seems crazy you'd force them into school so early.
why do Singaporeans always think their struggles are unique to the country when these are struggles had by literally every person living in a highly urbanized first world city y'all always kpkb about the government babying us too much but then turn around blame 90% of your life problems on the government. you want to have such a pessimistic view of life is your problem . literally nobody is forcing you to live this way it's YOU who thinks you have to because everyone else is doing it . nobody says living differently from the societal norm is easy. if you don't have the courage or resilience to do it, then don't whine and complain and at the end of your life blame the quality of your life on your government. unless you live in a literal war zone or a violent dictatorship, you have no excuses when it comes to making your life the way you want it to be. Singapore definitely has her share of problems but i'm just seriously sick of people who think we have it extremely bad.
Why do so many people discriminate against Indian tenants? Why is that not illegal? Why is a 2 bedder in boonlay almost 4k or month? So many questions.
Why do you say that you would gain more weight in Singapore though? Also, when you say you didn't go through the same cheebye as us do you mean you were overseas?
Why do you want to hate Russia? What have they done to you? Or anybody else for that matter? Keep in mind they are fighting Neo Nazi's as well as against American imperialism and NATO expansion.
Why does everyone on this sub think it's okay to ban citizens from entering? Are all of you ignorant dumb teenagers who do not understand the repercussions of this action? I get it that you guys tend to lean authoritarian but jeez. Supporting banning your own citizens from entering your country is North Korea tier shit. Absolute idiots.
Why does everything I see about the Netherlands seem great. The government's got to be run by f---ing reptiles or some s---, everything I see about it seems wonderful
Why does it matter when this picture was taken? Does it alter the message significantly that he is standing firm defending his country from within? Ok so here is a for being right on the internet.
Why doesn't the government just close everything then so they don't get any blame at all I am being sarcastic
Why don't just make the tenant let a professional come in and deep clean the place, just like Australia. It will solve many issues to be honest.
Why else would people flood the a&e dor mild issues when they KNOW that there are other people with covid that might make them worse off? Your mistake is assuming that people are always rational.
Why even put it through a referendum? When it comes to civil rights, we should be only doing what's right. We shouldn't get to oppress, censor, and restrict the rights to marriage and its associated tax or legal benefits and a normal, happy life for LGBTQ+ individuals just because a majority want it.
Why I feel like girls never will kena cane one . Always boys. Except for girls with shit studies or attitudes only. Can Singapore ban caning it's not good for child's mental health. Esp teens lik me. Can get like depression . Spare the rod parents 3
Why is everyone saying this is cute? Does anyone find this disgusting? I doubt any residents would like to swim there afterwards.
Why is it not ok for an employer to put up a job ad saying No sigaporean allowed, only Indians. After all, the employee will be working there 8 hours a day, 5 days a week. In fact with Singapore's work culture, I would say most people spend more waking hours at work than at home.
why is it wrong to have preference in who you deal with? Especially landlords that stay with their tenants.
Why is there a perception that the rest of us Singaporeans are happily flying around enjoying vacations. besides non- healthcare worker, we are struggling too struggling to make ends meet after 2 long years of restrictions, having to put dreams on the shelf because our industry is also put on hold, we don't even get the claps, we don't even get the mentions, and we are also barely getting by. Sure, there is leave, but you don't even entertain taking it because money is so tight, or you can't afford the luxury of a quarantine after the trip. There are also those of us who work terribly long hours, with nary a tear from our ministers, but life still goes on?
Why is there even a diversity friendly tag? Like if you don't select it you're a racism only apartment?
Why is this living in a different culture? Im not in China expecting to be able to practice my culture freely. Im in a country where my ancestors arrived just as the chinese people did. Im in a country which was built by Indians just as much as the Chinese have done to build it. Indians have always been part of Singapore's history. So why am I living in a different culture?
why Johor ? what if we're at war with Indonesia ? do we invade Johor just to regroup ?
Why mandate it when they will volunteer to do it if they want to enter malls or dine in
Why not everyone just call? The police or SCDF should be able to handle large influx of calls, so no need to worry they will be overwhelmed.
Why not just isolate at home if its super mild? Would solve a lot of problems.
Why not let Singaporean males immediately start contributing to the economy instead of spending on them? False equivalence. Someone has to serve NS, and it makes perfect sense citizens are called first. You can argue for abolishing NS, but thats another discussion altogether. Let's be fair, everyone needs to have a stake and a chance to defend their country they call home. Singapore is not home to the majority of foreigners. They are here to make money, and in return we benefit off the economic activity that they produce. It's win win. If NS was compulsory for them they wouldn't be here in the first place.
Why not let Singaporean males immediately start contributing to the economy instead of spending on them? Let's be fair, everyone needs to have a stake and a chance to defend their country they call home.
Why not? After the war, Germans citizens were forced to visit the concentration to witness the destruction that the Nazis caused. In an age where telecommunication wasn't advanced, the civilians weren't aware mass genocide was happening on their land. Soldiers had to listen to the chain of command because they weren't able to get other any information otherwise on what was happening. The same can be applied here with the Russian conscripts. Not even their parents knew their sons were sent off to die as cannon fodder
Why not? Someone getting assaulted is emergency. If this purpose can't use I don't know what else can use already .
Why the hate on people traveling? The pandemic has separated so many families and this silver of reopening is such a lifesaver for such people. It's not fun to not meet and hold your loved ones for two years. Try it yourself. There's no need to discriminate or unfairly single out travelers who by the way contribute less than 1% of new cases when there are others who don't observe SMMs, eg in not wearing masks properly or gathering in groups of more than five.
Why this post got Contest mode enabled? It's all truth and we shouldnt be hiding this under the carpet. Let's face the reality.
why wonder over things that are not happening or might happen when Israeli have been oppressing over the Palestinians since 1947? When Iraqis, Afghans, Libyans have tried to protect their land from the invading US but were called terrorists instead? Do you only care when the oppressed have the same colour skin or whiter or have blue eyes or have the same religion as you? What other form of hypocrisy does the average Singaporean exhibit when war breaks out in another part of the world?
Why would it be pointless, the unvaccinated clog up our healthcare system which regardless of the number, making them vaccinated would help us reopen at a faster and smoother pace.
Why would they need your trust anyway? What have they done ever to earn trust other than enjoyed the trust that were earned by Lee Kuan Yew batch of pioneers.
Why? covid does not have 100% mortality rates. The chart shows clearly that if you're elderly and not vaxxed, your odds of dying are much higher. That's it.
Wife is in allied health. Can confirm that the healthcare workers are at their limits. The Thank yous by our minister mean s t to the healthcare professionals as what they need are mental health support and able to take time off to rest and recharge. To all the demanding patients and relatives visiting a&e, we know you are in great discomfort and anxious for your loved ones, but that does not entitle you to becoming an arse.
Will 2 70 year olds really add significant military value to the defense of Singapore? Their job is to stay in the country and lead younger Singaporeans to fight, not to go all rambo and exterminate the invader singlehandly.
Will do! Thanks - kinda new to reddit. Signed up 3 yrs ago, but didn't start using until recently.
Will not be surprised if in the end they just sanction us, regular Russians living in Singapore and being against the war as the rest of the world.
Will our ministers stand and fight with us if a time like this ever comes? Or send instruction from their ivory tower I wonder.
Will show this to kids before handing out $2 ang bao next CNY. It's big money!
Will Singapore invade Malaysia southern peninsula Johor if there's a need for it? overpopulation, climate change
Will SPF assure us the safety of the three trans people they have in their custody right now? This includes avoiding psychological trauma. Are they going to refer to them with appropriate gender terminology while they mercilessly interrogate them?
Winston Churchill Nations which go down fighting rise again, and those that surrender tamely are finished. So will we fight or surrender?
wipes out the People's Action Party That's your mistake. Right there. Think over it. Clue This is a democracy, not some fantasy story that the hero overcomes impossible odds to win the day.
Wish I could have claimed I voted for WP in Sengkang in 2020 but I live in People's Action Party stronghold with weak opposition. Well done Sengkang, well done Worker's Party!
Wish I could, but it goes against my principles. I only like to engage people who are very free
Wish US would get its act together and stop squandering its national resources on social justice nonsense.
With a guitar string. A slab of turkey neck and it's hangin' from a pigeon wing.
With everything that's happening, can you really blame them? people are just looking out for their own safety and health and with justifiable reason. No one wants to take the risk. Are you going to greet every Chinese tourist with open arms just so you can say you're PC? Feel free to do so, but it only takes one exposure and you're infected. people in Japan are literally fleeing massive tourist spots. Places like the famous bamboo forest in Kyoto are seeing an all time low activity in decades. Nobody wants to risk exposure. I'm not being judgemental, these are facts.
With exception of NS, this is basically the average life of most urban dwellers in the region .
With Iraq there was an actual UN resolution passed for the invasion. Right now Russia is invading without any provocation, and it is just vetoing any resolution against it, hence why Ukraine is fighting on its own.
With or without Raeesah incident, WP would have won because Jamus really won the hearts of many.
With or without they may be unlikely to die omicron does seem to affect them more But with a vaccine their infection experience will likely be much less traumatic due to less symptoms - seems like a smart trade off
With regards to the medical system handling of cases. There's indeed a shortage of manpower as most of the staff at ttsh is on QO or LOA. It has been reported that SGH and SKH is already at their or close to their maximum capacity. Therefore, a surge in case numbers will actually pose an issue to the medical system when they are overwhelmed with covid cases and are unable to handle other emergency cases.
With so many news of road accidents, I'm also guessing is mainly due to lack of sleep. Not causation but correlation.
with the sanctions kicking in how are they going to honour the warranty and tech support liao?
Within 5 minutes I found this Room only for Indian, Other race please excuse. Why do posts like this conveniently leave out the fact just by doing a brief search on apartment rental websites, you will see preferences from landlords stating their preferences for different ethnicities and nationalities? Why are accounts that have been inactive specifically comment on topics about racial issues? The instant vote brigading and how quick the comments come flooding in. So many questions.
Without a hand it just looks like a regular spider! They are not aggressive very few spiders are in my experience, they only bite with provocation.
without giving prior notice of intention to do so Not a laywer, but i read this as it doesn't solve the issue they can prosecute though. Prior notice just give them a tinny bit of extra work to do, not sure if they can retrospectively prosecute cases that are on going?
Witnessed it from my bedroom window. Vegetation caught fire on ubin according to the news
Woah chill there man. It was just a light hearted banter poking at traditional asian working cultures. No denying, many big names out there are moving towards positive working culture and welfare. But to play the devil's advocate, out of so many companies in Singapore, how many will really sit down and look into the possibilities of implementation? I am definitely not against your pov, but yea I am currently in a company that the hr has got no idea what they are doing so.
Wonder how many suicides will happen today alone because of this news. But at least we might prevent 1-2 covid deaths.
Wonder if he'll address this. It's really not a good look considering he's one of those that parrots the line every school a good school .
wonder if people are gonna cancel their staycations that most have booked for the June hols period now.
Wonder if they made some 50-step vetting SOP after this that includes some patriotic profile to vet every single subsequent performer in NDP
Wonder why Indian people would face a worse situation here. Where did the virus orginate from again?
Wondering also were there even a surplus of incoming applicants for the hospitals to bolster their staff with? Was it a problem of the government not supplying hospitals with sufficient funding or resources or direction to hire more staff, or that there weren't enough extra people willing to jump on board in the first place?
Woohoo, congratulations OP! I've been waiting for this game since you posted here some years back! Going to download and try over the weekend.
Wootz do u have a team working on this or is just you alone? While i do not game, in any case good luck on the steam next fest, the screenshots are awesome looking!
Work hard in Singapore, save up nest egg, come retire in Malaysia la, recommend Ipoh, great place to retire with low living cost and nice scenery.
Work in the fitness industry, not just my work is affected my own training is affected too very unfortunate.
Work is demanding not just at the estart but until your late 50s. With people being laid off in their 40s, etc you will constantly be stressed to prove yourself
Work-life balance is easily the main factor, but we kinda already implicitly understand that. It's more a question of what the extra bit that makes us perform a little worse our other fellow slave driving societies is as far as i know NL isn't part of that club. , but there's also the basically 100% urbanization I guess.
Worked in a local sme, boss was a super proud ACS boy, self made millionair and all. Everyday hear him talk shit about RI
Working from home will once again be the default for workplaces , and employers have to ensure that staff who can work from home do so. This one most redditors welcome
Working full time and earning well for my age. I actually replied what I was earlier but deleted deciding that since my user is my realname and if I revealed my work area, my privacy would be gone. Heh
Working in a covid ward, also lost count on how many patients and relatives rage at me about MOH. Like I understand your frustration, but I really have no idea how to contact MOH. The only thing I can do is to let you shout at me over something I can't help you with and let you vent
Worse is that they are freaking Singaporean PRs. Imagine the pettiness of some people attacking him
Worth the read and I can relate 100%. I live in Malaysia and faced all these from Malays and Chinese. They mock almost everything Indians do and behave. 90% Indians will rebel but I'm in the 10% who try to fit in and still don't let loose of roots and religion.
Would a great Monster Hunter creature Otama and their boss the Elder Dragon Sang Nila , an aquatic evolution of the Teostra Family
Would buy a high quality print version of this. Awesome art! Somehow gave me Studio Ghibli vibes.
Would have been deadly at worst, and embarrassing at best if the warning shot ricochets and hit the firer.
Would people really think that you're spoilt for NOT wanting to be verbally abused and to be treated with basic human decency when working. a job?
Would you encourage single people to move out to get some independence? I really want to move out but am also conscious that every month spent staying with my parents mean more money and savings for the rainy day and for my future home.
Would you not feel left out had it been you in OP's place, when the teacher spoke in a language everyone else could understand but you? Does it not feel like a hostile environment, when everyone is conversing in their mother tongue and you've no sense or clue as to what's being said? Especially in a classroom where youre supposed to be speaking in English anyway? i highly doubt OP was in there to learn Chinese, but I might be wrong. Many a times i've been in that situation, and when i spoke out politely for them to speak in English, they've brushed aside my concerns and told them i wont understand the joke anyway. But once the tables are turned, they'd speak out and passive aggressively demanded me and my friends to speak in Channel 5 this one not Suria . Or even chided immaturely the way we spoke in Malay. And this was just a private conversation amongst me and my group of friends, of which they werent a part of till they came over. I'd had have a mind to do the same when they spoke in Mandarin but why stoop to their level?
wouldn't be surprised if this is true. typical singaporeans. ungrateful and bet they don't have the balls to work in the frontline. On a side note, respect for all healthcare professionals out there, Singapore would be doomed without yall
Wouldn't that just be akin to being in a country which has legalised gay sex simply changing its laws to ban it again? I.e. gay sex is technically legal until the AG makes a public announcement according to the provisions stated?
WOW can't believe my first time meeting VB was in RJ during a talk given by him.
Wow great question. in my opinion if it is indeed biologically wired by a bad hand of genetics or environment eg. predisposition to high estradiol because obesity runs in the family then who's to say the sexuality you were born with is so sacrosanct you cannot change it? There is also the practical view - one might find it simply more fuss-free to live life as a straight person and not have to deal with any of the stigma, especially in places where homosexuality is technically outlawed looking at 377A . Just my 2 cents!
Wow how obnoxious. I never understood what the big deal is about 'good schools' anyways. Being good at memorizing has no correlation to life success! Just be decent and polite parents. what the fuck
Wow little did we know how plastic notes can make ones happy. Meanwhile, I've been on cards and digital wallet since long time ago.
Wow OP. You're extremely mature for a 16yr old. Not many teenagers are able to understand and experience such real life discrimination at your age. I sincerely hope that you do well for your studies in the future and aspire for leadership positions. Singapore could use more leaders with a heart.
Wow shit, I never bothered about this story in our boring history classes but now that I read your link. It's a damn tragedy man.
Wow so used to american shooting were the police will drop a whole clip into then. Was actually caught off guard with just the one shot.
Wow that's a really bleak outlook you've got going there. Well, NS for me is getting called 2 weeks in an entire year. That's something I can brush aside, doesn't feel like a big dent to my life aspirations. Wedding costed 20k, and I got back about 8k. I know homes don't come cheap. I decided to apply for sales of balance flat, in Woodlands. 250k, monthly is 700. And my cpf has started accumulating after a year of installments. Saved up fo Reno and paid full cash. All in, about 12k. Sole breadwinner, 2 kids. Comfortably living. Do I have a car? Nope. Do I live close to my workplace? Nope. Helper? Nope. Savings? Yes. Investments? Yes. Monthly cash to parents? Yes. Happy and contented life? Yes. Do I look at the next guy and say I wish? Nope. When life gives you lemons.
Wow that's really cool. I personally only want a small dinner but a buffet in a hotel sounds great as well.
Wow they seem to made themselves at home alr. Usually I see them steal food and run.
Wow this is a Singapore meme farm. Also if we have to raise a fella like him up to an icon, sure says something about what we all want but can't have
Wow this is so true. Bosses can't see who's actually good and who's just wayang. Then the wrong people get promoted. Happens too often doesn't it.
Wow this thread blew up. I'm glad we're having this discussion here because it's definitely a big issue here but it's not really talked about. We're way too competitive as a society and along the way, many people forget to be kind and humble to others when they go to better schools or earn higher pay etc. Also, it probably is a psychological thing to put people down so that you can feel good about yourself. I feel like the uncomfortable and pressing issues of Singapore, be it income inequality, class stratification, excessive competitiveness, lack of kindness in society, elitism are all linked to each other, and it is something that is very difficult to untangle because our nation is built upon it - meritocracy and a neoliberal free economy. Individually, I think we can do our part by being nicer or kinder to each other, not comparing too much and staying humble. I think you really show maturity for your age and as others have mentioned, keep spreading the positivity to others
Wow what's up with the downvotes? It's a legit question why discriminatory measures are necessary whether for migrant workers or anti vaxxers, when it's doing absolutely nothing to stem covid now Measures should be put in place to manage the covid situation, not to install a useless caste system.
Wow with all the awards on this post. How does being crappy to LGBT people make Singapore a better place? They aren't hermetically sealed inside a box. Toxicity recirculates throughout society. It's sad that this is what Singapore has become
Wow you described every aspect of nature in Singapore so perfectly . Gigantic nail on the head. Tiny, hot, humid, cram, crowded country and being unable to leave, makes people feel trapped and claustrophobic.
Wow you're right , since there's a further notice already, that means the area is no longer closed.
Wow, applaud this uncle for being tech savvy. Hope he will not get distracted by his playlists and most importantly is to lookout for traffic.
Wow, I never knew this about SPH. Kudos to them for this piece of investigative journalism. I wonder what tipped them off.
wow, Sandara! I used to follow you on DeviantArt when I was younger D Awesome to see you and your art on the Singapore subreddit.
Wow, Singaporeans are really under the control of big brother if they are afraid of contacting the authorities in a situation like this
Wow, which school did you go to? I only learnt about it in university but I was fortunate enough I guess to be born in a relatively frugal household so naturally I was pretty frugal myself.
Wow. He clearly stated his point and provided evidence to justify himself. And all you do is reply him sarcastically and ridicule his evidence in some attempt to justify yourself and feel like you are above him? .
Wow. Imagine 9,400 employees at Netflix, all being in on some conspiracy cooked up by the Singapore Government. I am being sarcastic
wow. it would have been worth your job to school her, and give her a piece of your mind. what a beech! must be her inferiority complex acting up
Wow. Just read the comments in Facebook and Reddit. Such stark difference This made me realised Facebook have alot of boomers who were very against them, hating them and laughing at them. Reddit on the other hand, have much mature audience, I'm guessing the people here are around 18-30. Which leads me to understand who's the 61percent. At least there's real discussion here in reddit where some redditors were wondering what they were thinking, the government stance, etc.
Wow. This. explains alot . A nationalist whose abilities fall short of their goals . Oh well, we should be thankful of the small things in life, a person should be grateful their opponents are incompetent P.s. Thanks for sharing! P.p.s oh my god there is so much hypocrisy in their statements, no wonder they simply just blab verbal diarrhea onto their posts
Wow. Wasn't there a time when booking taxis was more expensive than grab? How the tables have flipped.
Wow. Why? I don't quite understand the distinction. I'm pretty sure nasty tenants aren't limited to just one race?
Wow.I'm Chinese and was born in Singapore. I immigrated to Canada when I was 13 around 2007. I have never encountered racism even though I had a very mixed friend group in any part of my life during that time. I'm so sorry that your experience is so far apart from mine. What I will say, as someone who had to deal with racism after I moved, is that change isn't always bad. Sometimes change, regardless of why we had to go through it in the 1st place, can be a place of growth. But if the only reason for change is to fit in and not to better yourself, then I guess the question you need to ask is if it's worth it. The world is unfortunately filled with ignorant or sheltered people who were brought up by ignorant or sheltered people. If we let them dictate how we should live our lives, we have already lost. I wish you the best OP.
WP to People's Action Party about Ivan Lim it's ok brother shit happens People's Action Party to WP about Raeesah R
WP would know the Polling district count. I was volunteering with WP in MP. We were warmly received by many makciks in Geylang Serai, Eunos and Chai Chee.
Write to your mp. Write to st forum. Lobby for change. Ask difficult questions. Why vivian b now say export control but we never stopped exporting the radio controlled transmitter used to make ied in iraq or saddam's chemical weapons. Question precedence and why policy now different. How is it different now. Good governance starts from an acitve citizenry holding their g accountable to task. Not ownself check ownself. It starts by learning, asking hard questions and pushing for constructive change. Its easy to take cheap shots and bash the g but u do u and whatever floats your boat, id try to push for change in my own small ways.
Written in 1999 by because. V. Devan Nair, former President from It is just as well that I release this requiem now. If not timely yet, it will be soon enough. Here goes, for good or ill to myself Some months after I was kicked upstairs to the presidency of the republic of Singapore in October 1981, there was a by-election in the parliamentary constituency of Anson, which I had held prior to my ill-fated elevation. I had won that seat with a comfortable majority of some 80 percent of the votes cast. The People's Action Party's candidate in the by-election was a relative unknown, while the Workers Party put up J.B Jeyaretnam. To the consternation of the People's Action Party, Jeyaretnam won. The day after the by-election verdict was declared, I had lunch with the Prime Minister. I was amazed at how he fretted and fumed like a caged fury. As I saw it, Jeyaretnam constituted no threat at all to the People's Action Party whether in parliament or outside it. For one thing, despite Jeyas courage, he displayed a woeful lack of economics. He clearly never knew at any point of time how Singapore clicked economically. And it was as plain as a pikestaff to me that in five years of free performance in 'parliament against the likes of Dr Goh Keng Swee, Mr Lim Kim San et al, he would stand exposed in public for his abysmal ignorance of economics. In truth, if I had to cope with J.B Jeyaretnam as a hostile delegate at regular National Trade Union Congress NTUC Delegates Conferences, I would have given him all the rope and more he wanted to hang himself with. And after free and open arguments over three days of conferencing, I would have beaten him hands down at the ballot box. I knew this, as did the workers. For they knew that in the colonial days, Jeyaretnam had never stood on a picket line. I had, not once but several times, not only stood on picket lines, but also bedded down for the night on the gravel with the workers whom I led. I told all this to Kuan Yew. Nothing I said sank in. He fretted about a potential critical percentage drop in People's Action Party votes across all the constituencies that could eventually bring the People's Action Party government down, and he wouldn't stand for it. Only later did I realise that this was the moment that started his formidable brain box ticking away furiously at the fecund gerrymandering schemes he was to introduce later to ensure that all opposition parties would be put in a Gordian bind that would make it impossible for them to ever achieve control of parliament, unless an Alexander came along. Such a possibility appears impossible now, unless it takes the awesome shape of shattering geo-political circumstances already building up around Singapore. Immediately, however, Kuan Yew's attention was concentrated on how he would deal with J.B Jeyaretnam in parliament. I was quite alarmed at some of the things he told me at that lunch. Look, he said, Jeyaretnam cant win the infighting. I'll tell you why. WE are in charge. Every government ministry and department is under our control. And in the infighting, he will go down for the count every time. And I will never forget his last words. I will make him crawl on his bended knees, and beg for mercy. Jeyaretnam was made of sterner stuff. To his eternal credit he never did crawl on bended knees, or ever begged for mercy. And it is to Lee Kuan Yew's eternal shame that Jeyaretnam will leave the political scene with his head held high, enjoying a martyrdom conferred on him by Lee. Lest I be misunderstood, let me state that Jeya more than deserves the crown of the martyr for his indomitable courage and dignity in the face of the vilest persecution. Even greater human spirits than Jeyaretnam had refused to bend their knees to Lee Kuan Yew. It is my considered view that the greatest human being living in Singapore today is one who declined to surrender to the intimidation of prolonged incarceration and restrictions imposed on him without trial for a total period which exceeds that suffered by Nelson Mandela. And here was the mark of true greatness. He emerged from the experience like a god unembittered. His name is Chia Thye Poh. And it is Lee Kuan Yew who emerged from the episode as the knave and fool of his own mindless vindictiveness, while the real conqueror smiles benignly - unnoted, of course, by the local media. For only sound waves from the Istana Annexe are picked up and regurgitated by His Master's Voice. There is no political justification for obliging the Workers' Party to close down. And not a shred of moral justification. What lies behind the move is among the most brazen vindictiveness ever shown in the political life of Singapore. It merely adds one more nail in the coffin of the People's Action Party's reputation when the true history of the party will be exposed to the world, as it surely will be one day in the coming decades of the third millennium. As mankind accelerates to the abyss, the shining memories of the past will certainly not include Lee Kuan Yew and the department store dummies he boasts today as his acolytes. He clearly does not possess the foresight to avoid such a fate. I gladly salute J.B. Jeyaretnam and the Worker's Party at this highly deserved requiem, even if I never once had shared their platform.
Wrong. I have personally seen this myself, whether or not you believe me is up to you. I work in B2B Tech Sales to Financial Services Companies and it is clear this trend is growing in particular within the Indian community. The way to hire their own, choose to build networks within their own community, in spite us locals and Malaysians trying to reach out to them. There is a clear gap in the way they perceive Singapore society and how we as locals and they are clearly not integrated in any way. This phenomenon is not obvious at the surface, but when you have been in the community long enough, you will see it. It even permeates into MAsters classes, which many are just stepping stones for them to come here. In fact, I would argue that Foreign Indian nationals who truly care to integrate into Singapore's Society are the minority. Personally, apart from 1 or 2 my age, the rest are just professional relationships.
Wrong. There are multiple tools within each route that could have been explored - Russia hadn't exhausted them all. There is also no immediate military threat to Russia that would justify such a massive military response. Also, despite the US's best efforts at mental gymnastics, a pre-emptive strike is not the same as self-defense . Russia has simply disrespected a sovereign state's right to pursue policies as it sees fit. This is the real issue. Just because a nation feels threatened - especially even though there has not been any act done that can be construed as an act of war - doesn't automatically mean it now has casus belli. If feeling threatened is enough to justify war, China's gonna have a field day in South East Asia. NATO's political plays are also no less justified than Russia's political plays. Re your NATO arguments, we can just as well say that Russia's influence in Eastern European states was threatening the Western European states, which convinced NATO and the Western European states to seek closer alignment with more Eastern European states.
Wtfuck how come he wanted to please his wife until such a bring-down-the-moon extreme extent. That wife must be insane
Wuhan was so panicking . They just seem orderly now cause everyone dont dare go out. Think most vehicles still banned from travelling
Xiexie laoban, laoban hengheng. I taking overnight rolled oats every morning and controlling diet and exercising to YouTube workouts. So far lost 2kg and the rolled oats is for cholesterol control. Heard from cousin it helps tremendously.
Y is there a mortal Kombat tournament taking place within the train ? What the fuck happen? Any update , Hope dude is ok. The other fucker should be thrown in jail.
Ya . Last time my mom did say that but as I grew up, I guess my mom changed her attitude when her own son decided on his own, I am going to f&b industry.
Ya and imagine the adrenaline pumping in the officer. Like what's going on in his mind having just fired a round into a suspect as he ends his shift. Must be shocking at least
Ya boy! SMRT should have been clearer on that! I always thought it would immediately e-brake.
Ya but Singapore and Malaysia have absolutely no reason to have Daylight Savings time when they're on the equator, they aren't north like China.
ya correct it's their fault. not the authorities who have treated healthcare workers like shit before covid and will continue to treat them like shit after covid
Ya exactly, even the argument that there are people who can't medically take the vaccine or what is kinda flimsy like surely that's a vast minority and if anything government can maybe direct resources to put more targeted measures like sending food to them so they dh to go out? No one cares about boomers who choose not to take vaccine to be honest they have to accept the consequences
Ya I know a us school shooters don't even know what to do after their rifle jammed
Ya i notice that doesnt seem to be the best place to have a opinion of your own really.
Ya in general government sector need to be abit wary with any personal social media that can be linked to you. Which is why I love reddit because I can shitpost and retain my faceless minion status
Ya it's why I hope to avoid EA my whole life. I'm doing accounts but for SME. Last time work 60 hours but now because I'm more gangster and heck care I just switch off at 6pm and let the fires burn still an option for me . Auditors have no choice. This is the best work life balance experience so far for me but only possible because of good colleagues and manager who doesn't tekan me and protects me from evil empress dowager CFO. Your manager or boss determines your quality of life.
Ya like how. Realistically, there's no way to do so. U saying need to hold our government to task, is u just comforting urself
Ya no that's totally a valid viewpoint. It really boils down to the candidate, not just the party. Maybe someday there'll be a candidate who can fight for a meaningful structural change within the Singaporean electoral system. Because if your neighborhood is in a mess, it shouldn't be because who you voted for. My personal viewpoint is simply that the government or town council and the party cannot overlap. The people in charge of your neighborhood, the upgrades etc. should be your municipal authority professionals, not a party member. Because if a party member could only give you your upgrades as long as you vote for him or her , to me that's extortion.
Ya so go to a gp or polyclinic to treat it. But regardless I think we should have more UCC or 24h clinics so people don't have to go a&e for medical problems that happen outside office hours
Ya tats why they emphasized a lot on the old people getting vax first. Even vaxxed old people are dying a lot more compared to other age groups.
ya this is horrible! worse than racism how are we going to carry out our daily activities like that? now i have to order grabfood for things i want to get in shopping malls and hawker centres and spend extra money on delivery. All because I believe that God will keep me safe. This is Unacceptable! Not sure if this person was trolling or what. But damn this is hilarious.
ya! What kind of crap investigation did they make for Denise Phua's comment of was it ticking bombs? If there's any racism it is all concentrated in pap
Ya, and just nice yesterday order of boxes just arrived. Lai liao, we need to start to mass order boxes again.
Ya, their standard sop is always to stir shit up, even if it is meaningless and Wayang. I still remember a while ago, they were bitching about hawker center, don't recall about what, was it ceiling or cleanness. Got more important stuff to talk about but they focus on this?
Ya, they ask fulltime national serviceman to help out with call centers but if people are just more understanding, and not I call MP then u know at the slightest issue, we could be so much more efficient. The protocols can also use more works to be honest. I understand we want to reduce the burden on the healthcare workers but the lack of support for self-tested individuals just forces them to visit the clinics. It's marginally better with the QTC and the CTC now. Recovery memo should be issued automatically as long as you have a formal record. I understand guidelines is that you can return to work as long as you clear 7 days for a vaxxed individual but it is not easy to explain to your workplace or school why you still have a positive ART test. Singapore works on black and white, so everyone wants the recovery memo.
Yah this is a huge achievement for WP too. Aljunied is on its way to become a WP stronghold like our dear Hougang
Yah, so much about coping well . Don't know who they listen to, I guess anyone but the people on the ground
Yah. exactly it felt like the kids were being used as a tool to pull money from essentially family members. I hoped they stopped doing this.
yamaha electronic piano stowed away in utility closet or room I do not know man. sun still out is still reasonable though because early bedtime too.
Yay the legendary Sandara! Fun fact Sandara teaches or taught at digipen here in Singapore one of their digital matte painting class assignments was to turn a Singapore location into a post apocalyptic overtaken by greenery kind of scene. You can search it up for the pic D
yay.! time for increase military spending. which means we may or will need to increase gst to 20% to fund the increase.
ye and here I thought there was no hope for my old primary school henry park, I am delighted. fuck the police!
ye! It's was quite a surprise honestly. I didn't know there would be anyone who want to spend money on a gold toilet.
Ye, the boycott on Russian goods is to ruin the economy IN Russia, in hopes that either the people in Russia would revolt against the trigger for the conflict itself, Dipshit balding man, Pudding. Boycotting Russian people or things in Singapore just ruins lives, it won't stop the war, please don't do such things. Major Russian Brands however, are a bit different, as not supporting them overseas, can bring down their economies in Russia, but boycotting them may ruin jobs for some people in Singapore too. Please don't hate on the Russian people, no sane person in our Modern Day wants War, and I am pretty sure the sane people outnumber the insane by 10000 to 1. Most of them hate war as much as the Ukrainians do.
Yea , they wanna die what. Let them suffocate in their own lung juices when covid gets them
Yea but in these places the Singaporeans can get to evacuation points easily and at will. It's not as easy in India. There are Singaporeans at various parts of their expansive country it's logistically not possible. The next best course is to continue letting these commercial airlines run but ban entry to non SC or PR. It really is very simple I don't know why people are saying otherwise
Yea but the government is specifically worried about the above-70 individuals who refuse to get vaccinated. Most of the younger folk will be fine if they catch covid, the older folk not so much. Those above-70 people have had what at least 4 months now to get fully vaccinated? If they don't wanna take it, fuck them. They made their choice. They can stay home.
Yea gtfo and call for help? Be out of harm's way then assist? What's so difficult about that? I'm not asking her to jump in and block those blows dude
Yea I agree, but for your average Singaporean its more of how much the party and the candidate has done for them such as the improvements in the estate and having their issues solved in meet the MP sessions than government debates. Selfish? Very much so. But this is the harsh reality. Most of us here would consider ourselves woke ,having a larger perspective, being able view issues from a wider spectrum. But this isn't the case for majority of voters.
Yea I agree. Their solution to transgender students is to home school because transgender students will get bullied in school. Whereas sex education is actually the way to educate people.
yea I get that people are trying to help and to some extent I do agree that we need to adapt to Singapore because racism isn't going away anytime soon and life moves on. Still it is painful that we are forced to adapt while others can live cushy lives and make mine harder. I understand that those who tell me to become tougher only say it for my won good but in certain moments of frustrations, especially right after I have encountered racism, it hurts when you're told that you have to change when you're the victim.
Yea i have no appetite for whatever only we can defend ourselves bla bla bla bullshit. Just let me neet alone if i die i die i don't wanna shoot people over geopolitical bullshit
Yea I noticed similar posting styles, languages and the similar kind of topics they usually like to hang out with
Yea I've seen those around but they're pretty rare and compared to scanning the QR codes, they are a bit slower as people have to walk in front of the scanner instead of being able to scan the numerous QR codes on the way to the entrance of most malls. It works well enough for restaurants but for higher traffic entrances like malls, I doubt its enough.
Yea if it's too high they might not even get hired. I get it that many can hire at a higher rate, but there will be many that are unwilling to pay higer. It's either low pay or no pay
Yea it a pretty old building,while i do believe ghost exist,they are usually like appear in a minutes unless you disturb them.
Yea it sucks but I doubt it'll ever go away, we can just hope it gets better. Ang moh racist against Chinese, Chinese racist against Indian, Indian racist against Pakistani, etc.
yea let's solve racism by defending racists jfc the ad literally states no indians and everyone here is defending the guy talking about oh it's his right oh it's because of the spices they use in their cooking get that bullshit out of here
Yea man, in and I was surprised to see genuine accounts not Kremlin or CCP trolls churning out Kremlin talking points. See, it's Ukraine's fault for wanting to join NATO! Russia has legitimate security concerns! While not bothering to study the basic history of Russian Imperialism in Eastern Europe for centuries even before the US existed as a nation . And then justifying that Russia's security concerns should be addressed, despite Russia for centuries steamrolling the security concerns of other European nations like Poland, Ukraine, Lithuania, Estonia etc. Were those poor European nations' security concerns addressed and respected by Russia too? . And it's no wonder why those same nations that were annexed or partitioned by Russia over centuries, or also forced into the Warsaw Pact by the USSR, it's no wonder why these nations were enthusiastic for NATO expansion eastwards of Germany. Because the US would serve as their shield against this constant Russian aggression and Russian imperialism nonsense like we see now in Ukraine and thus, meet those Eastern European nations' security concerns especially since they border or are near Russia. It's like being under an abusive stepfather for centuries Russia that was forced upon you as an Eastern European nation, and you have other idiots arguing that you should remain in the sphere of influence of that abusive stepfather .
Yea man. We are quite close to the 200th intake. The last time I went back for range, I was shooting beside a bunch of 16X batch. I'm from the early 13X batch.
Yea so many weird comments here. And also so many theories about suicide by police. ? Simi overstress and frontal lobe cannot think.
Yea that happens. The problem with racism in Singapore is that it's subtle enough that when you voice out you seem like you're but it happens so much and so often that it becomes overbearing for the victims. Props to you for speaking up but I think it's also okay to be scared smt, it's a hard thing to do rlly. Not just for minorities speaking up for themselves but also majority people speaking out against other racist majority. When our country progresses to be less racist it will get easier to speak up against racism
Yea the numbers are pretty confusing, since it's not a static number of people in each group. If you look at a period where 90% are unvaxxed, obviously most deaths are unvaxxed. If you look at a period where 90% are vaxxed, you can see majority deaths are vaxxed, but that doesn't mean vaccine didn't work.
Yea the protect the unvax elderly doesn't make sense. Just make everyone not vaccinated stay home and forbidden to enter places and fully vaccinate folks continue all activities. So all those unvax elderly should simply be grounded at home for the next 2 weeks.
yea tough judgement call for them, easy to criticise sitting at home. high risk situation for everyone around.
Yea, anti science more like. They're the usual flavour of saying vaccinated deaths are being covered up, ivermectin lovers etc. Currently having a meltdown its GLORIOUS
Yea, I knew you were referring to sea level. Wow yea, I'd love to see all the wealth of knowledge you've collected. This is actually terrifying and should seriously concern everyone here in Singapore.
Yea, most of them are really nice. I had worked 3 jobs in the service industry, especially dealing with tourists from all around the world. Plus i grew up in a Chinese household, like my parents migrated from China , so I know for a fact my family isn't as what you said. Also calm down you're entitled to your opinion as well as I am, I just think it's sad that your experiences have led you to think that way. Hope you meet someone who will change your mind one day and not see them in such a pessimistic view.
Yea, seems like a good idea, a recent study but yet to be peer reviewed in the UK suggests improved immunity when the 2nd dose of the Pfizer vaccine is taken after 12 weeks, so delaying it not only ensures more people can get vaccinated quickly, but could also improve immunity as well
Yea, though I'd still say the kid doesn't really understand what he's doing. Sure, it's easy to know it's a rude gesture, but he might not understand the difference in gravity between flipping someone off personally or doing it in front of the TV to a national audience.
Yea, we're under MSF policy not in MSF, so not public servant so I don't think that is gonna help. We kept to split teams even after the 75% rule so I can't complain too much, except for my direct boss who is constantly throwing my team under the bus to return to the office while he works from home. I am just waiting for him to volunteer my team to man the office in the coming month.
Yeah 11 million people in one city thats why large scale. Adversity brings out the best in people sometimes. You wait till we lock down like wuhan then see how we react
Yeah a lot of parents are terrible. Somehow it seems the good character people are less inclined to procreate.
Yeah alot of those girls at Paya Lebar MRT coming up to me and HI DO YOU READ BOOKS?
Yeah and the other types of people orbi suffer together. A country must have 100% good people then worth defending, so basically no country worth it. These people don't want serve just say, nothing wrong with it, but don't need find excuse to look better.
Yeah as a Malay I wholeheartedly agree too. Some of the whataboutism in this thread is hilarious, though. in my opinion, talking about racism in Singapore to the majority race is like talking to a brick wall, ain't no point in trying. For me, I just gotta keep my head down, keep my chin up, and find a way outta this damn country.
Yeah but I don't think it's ok to generalise Indians just because you had a bad experience with some of them in the past.
Yeah but I think the dev collaborated with KFC for the sim. That's actually their IP.
Yeah BUT if you have a medical condition you're supposed to be allowed. Supposed. My husband still glares at me during Ramadan, even though he freaking knows a I'm not a Muslim b I have a medical condition.
Yeah but you know that there are lesbians who transitioned from male to female right. Moot point
Yeah cause vaccination means you can't carry the virus or spread it to others. It's foolproof.
Yeah even if only 1 or 5th of a&e visits are legitimate , and assuming every visit in the past was legitimate , all it takes is for numbers to go up 5x for the number of actual cases to break even. Cases are up 6x from the Delta peak. It is guaranteed that the healthcare system will be overwhelmed if cases remain at this level.
Yeah exactly. I try to tell my mother to tone it down, but its hard when shes been doing it for decades.
yeah he is fully vaccinated but his income will be heavily affected. I guess this time government is not really addressing this group of indirectly affected individuals this time. Sure rental is subsidised, but if there are no passengers then subsidised or not doesn't really matters.
yeah heard about this incident from my parents too, most younger generations wouldn't even know this though, it's not something the People's Action Party wants the people to remember.
Yeah heard auditing's work life balance is awful, especially if you are in a big 4 firm.
Yeah hence no shame and no morals and you can put bling on your Facebook
Yeah how many covid deaths in Singapore since the start? And nearly 60k had it already 1% of the population!
Yeah I can guarantee you 99% of these so called Reddit heroes wouldn't step in if they were there in person.
Yeah I do find it weird Singapore's idea of racial harmony is to simply say that people have religion and to be sensitive about it, short of telling what exactly to be sensitive about, or discussing grey areas, if any.
Yeah I don't like Chan Chun Sing but I also think he seems like the kind who will stay with the men and fight in the frontline. Just give me that feel. Maybe Desmond tan? Saw a lot of reviews from his subordinates that he was a pretty upstanding guy. Whereas Ong Ye Kung will prob make grandiose speech but flee at the first sign of trouble.
Yeah I don't think I would have married him . Too much work, too many compromises, too many rules. Maybe that sounds whiny, but really why follow a Buch of rules if you don't Have to? I grew up very Christian and it was always what you can wear, eat, read, watch, who you can talk to, what you can do. This is bad, this is good. I mean some super strict people even ban MUSIC a for gods sake. What do gain from that? You have one life and now you've wasted it being bossed around by jerky people.
Yeah I felt the same. No trained fighter would stomp so.eone like they're trying to crush a can.
yeah i finally started exercising regularly and it helped with my mental health and it's so disruptive to have that routine interrupted all the best and keep your head up! during the last gym closure i tried some at-home hiit and went for long walks or skipping if it helps
Yeah I get it but it was all over the comment sections of multiple different platforms, but yeah I understand
yeah i immediately went and check my own 50 dollar bills and saw that all of them were made of paper.i didn't noticed this at all .it's really ironic that the notes with the highest value yeah i know there's the 100 and 1k notes but we rarely see them being used is not made from materials that are waterproof.
Yeah I know, I'm just stating this fact for people who think that they will bail Singapore when shit hits the fan, that's all. Just to stand up for their loyalty.
Yeah I not going with People's Action Party, there's only people's voice and SDP here in my area so yeah, pretty much People's Action Party is gonna take my area.
Yeah I really hate them, all I want to know is where I'm currently at, stop giving me the tan yu ads.
Yeah I remember doing that. Like brother, I was a poor kid from a poor family with poor relatives, and you want me to ask them to pay money for some useless paper? Such a bad idea in hindsight.
yeah i scrolled past the gaping butthole. my karma for laughing at them i guess gg.
Yeah I was actually looking forward to get to go to my friend's place also for our yearly Raya meet up. The food and vibe is always absolutely amazing.
Yeah i was shaking left to right on my chair, then i stood up, still shaking, im like oh fuck am i getting a stroke? Damn.
Yeah I'm wondering if he got a death wish, running towards armed officers outside a police station.
Yeah IB or M&A definitely, but guess their pay is more than double of mine .oh buy side has to work till 1+am too? I thought the hours were more reasonable
yeah if I remember correctly p5 went, i was p5 in 2017 and went for NE Show, it was the same year that the whole middle finger thing happened, so he's secondary 3 by now to be honest wonder if he's doing well
Yeah if the axis started from say 10% then the area shown per data point would be highly distorted from the actual ratios. But this one starts from zero. No issue with the area proportions for each data point.
Yeah ik i was wondering was he kicking the knife away or what but hes just stomping the guy. Better be civilian and not a professional
Yeah im terrified of losing that spark. Hence all the more that ive to care for myself first and well enough before caring for others.
Yeah it's hard to realise these things when you're the majority. I know in my experience, before I came out, homophobic remarks like that's gay as a joke or insult didn't really faze me. I only realised after I came out that it actually really hurts to hear your identity thrown around as a joke over and over again. Thankfully I got my friends to stop saying it. I can only imagine how much worse it is when you're being made fun of for being a visible minority and for your culture, and I'd apologise on behalf of all Chinese people, but that's not enough All I can say is that more and more of us are fighting the good fight everyday, and I hope we get to a place where racism and homophobia and sexism are if not non-existent, then widely frowned on. In the meantime, hold your head up high, because you have nothing to be ashamed of. It's honestly the best antidote.
Yeah it's just a sad situation all around. Well hope you guys still have a great one with immediate family and get some visiting done if possible.
Yeah it's not mandatory, but we will slowly remove you from society until you get it .
Yeah it's pretty common as u can see from the comment section. I'm 17 right now and it was common place when I was like 11 and stuff in primary schools. I hope younger parents are trying to stop the cycle cause I don't know the situation right now in primary. In secondary I'm sure there are some being caned but personally I don't think my friends received caning in secondary school. I think it's because parents who just don't know how to control their child at a young age just result to the easiest option which is to cane them. It doesn't develop respect but fear. And I sure did fucking fear . Probably why it phases out from primary to secondary.
Yeah it's true, AC has always been the one with more posh backgrounds compared to RI.
Yeah its quite common to us especially towards non-hijabis female. Not only by random dudes but from relatives and acquaintance. Kind of get used to it. These people know they cant use an aggressive tone on you because once they do that theyre the one carrying the sin. I listen to it for a while and ill be ' Terima kasih eh cik or bang, saya jalan dulu'.
Yeah just like those entry level job postings requesting for 5 years work experience eh? If they're not given the chance to compete on a level battlefield, do you expect them to have the resources to do as analysis work as the People's Action Party? I see the entrenched stupidity in your comment.
Yeah looks like it. Can't be ttsh . I know ttsh is like some brownish-pink or something.
Yeah LW's comment just sounds like something someone not from RI would say to fuck around
Yeah man can't even get a GCB. Maybe can get a GCP for awhile though. I am being sarcastic
Yeah man, I'm all for this to be honest. A lot of auntie and uncles as well as anti vacc folks not wanting to do it because of some quack science.
Yeah man, I'm not going to be part of the first generation of independent Singaporeans to have to go to war.
Yeah man, imagine being straight is queer and unhealthy then the feeling of being the outsider would be depressing and lonely to me too.
Yeah man, started listening to a podcast about the recently and it's been eye opening
Yeah man. But it would be nice to let these fake people feel what fuck-you money is like.
yeah maybe im not as smart as i think but im certainly not as dumb as you. nobody is saying that covid isnt a big factor but that it isnt the root cause. without covid and after covid the same fucking problems will continue, the same burnout will occur, the same toxicity will persist. but yes of course it is the unreasonable desire of people to hang out in more than groups of 5 the issue, sure
Yeah me, I live around Tanjong Rhu. Was feeling dizzy for a few minutes, my flatmate in the bathroom noticed towels were swaying. I don't feel it much now. There's probably a major earthquake somewhere else, and it could be felt in Singapore. No Tsunami warning issued so far. You can monitor Latest Earthquakes on USGS's website to see where the quake happened and how strong its magnitude was. They will also notify you if an tsunami warning has been issued if you click on the earthquake. It may take them 10-20 minutes to publish the earthquake report.
Yeah moving forward should be a comprehensive framework to review students' and teachers' emotional stability and mental health. Need a safety net before the lockdown even happens.
Yeah neither will Lee Hsien Loong. He's 70 years old, hard to imagine he can even carry a field pack.
Yeah now as an adult I never wake up before sunrise unless I have to. Waking up when it's dark outside gives me serious school days flashbacks and fills me with dread even though it's been over a decade since those days!
Yeah nurses needs health care assistants to do the feeding and showering and diaper changing that takes 3 months to learn only
Yeah one time when someone pressed the button, the driver spoke to everyone on the train, everyone could hear the intercom
Yeah or the company may apologise and retrench them because of cutting costs to stay afloat during crisis. or
yeah overworking tends to be more counter-intuitive than beneficial.workers will have lower morale and quality of work suffers.
Yeah polytechnic equals to Polytechnic Broadly speaking, going to University is much easier from the JC route as the entry requirements are generally more skewed towards the JC kids but now the government has helped to somewhat level the playing field in a way with the introduction of Universities that largely admit polytechnic students such as SIT and the programs in SIT aren't much different from the local universities either. There's also a growing trend of people who score well enough to enter a good JC but choose to enter polytechnic instead because of a variety of factors. For one, I choose to enter a polytechnic despite being able to make it to a 9-point JC as I felt that polytechnic would suit my learning style better and I wanted to follow my passion. If anyone is doubting is polytechnic people can make it, I'm now in one of the 3 local unis studying computer science so yeah, with enough hard work and effort, anything is possible. So I guess it really comes down on what a person hopes to achieve and what route he or she wants to take. There used to be a stereotype that polytechnic kids were 'dumb' but I don't think that stand true anymore given that there are now polytechnic courses that only admit you if you have a near-perfect score in the 6-8 range.
Yeah really a very progressive choice cause LTK is known to be Chinese or Teochew speaking and same goes for his base. I'm very glad. And not to be a downer on this celebratory thread, but I do hope they reclaim their Chinese base as well for double win. Nothing to do with Pritam being Indian by the way since the other 3 Chinese people are equally jiak kantang. It's a matter of strategic choices like prepping Chinese speakers like Tan Chen Chen to attend Chinese debates etc.
yeah right?! although to be honest I won't have sympathy for any age group that doesn't get vaccinated when they can. It's just the government keeps harping on the old people.
Yeah same watched part 1 and part 2. I think Jack Neo divided the movie into 2 parts. I lost interest after that.
Yeah so fucking what, you still need to provide it to a set of kids that otherwise can barely live.
Yeah so many people making fun of him being a comedian. Comedians play dumb but some are highly intelligent - like mr bean. And I always feel comedians have a deeper understanding of the human psyche.
yeah thanks I think we'll do fine. Good luck with Brexit and not trying to go crawling back to the EU
Yeah that could be a possibility too. Usually there isn't a single factor that results in these incidents but many layers of influences or problems. It's up to us to learn from this and make sure things like this don't happen again.
Yeah that was a problem in the past and I'm glad for Uber or Grab for that. But with Uber gone Grab has essentially become the new Comfort.
Yeah that was when Tony Tan was making his rounds shaking hands with participants. Not as brave as flipping the bird tho. !
Yeah that's the thing, they're probably like that because the parents have major issues or don't care anyway. So the remaining obvious solutions are to expel, invest significant manpower to correct the student or just do the minimal warnings and hope for the best. Hope the ministry will consider hiring better qualified and equipped staff such as psychiatrists or trained therapists etc I'm not too sure of the terminologies to tackle such issues rather than force this role entirely on teachers.
Yeah the level of elitism present amongst some parents here is astonishing. What good is it if your child has the best results and go to the best schools but have no respect and humility. I'm sure most people aren't like that but this trend is pretty worrying.
Yeah the man was close enough to the officers to make it a dangerous situation, I think the shooting is justified
Yeah the price doesn't make sense. If it was near the CBD then maybe it's worth it. But it's all the way in the west.
Yeah their key priority is optimization. There is a cost benefit analysis done on every patient and it's not exactly a secret that because class or very elderly patients don't have access to the latest treatments due to this cost benefit thing. While healthcare isn't exactly like smrt where they're out to make an actual profit, the underlying mentality is similar where they will try and cut cost on labour and treatment wherever they can.
Yeah there a lot of administrative roles in NS. Let them girls serve like PES E Bmt and give them CSS roles. If they want PES B Bmt, let them go for it too
Yeah there could be some info before this that didn't get shown in the video. But I'm kind of surprised that they didn't point their firearms 45 degrees to the ground at the beginning, especially the officer on the right. All of the officers appear to be standing a safe distance away from the subject, so they would have time to raise their firearms if the subject charges towards them, which did happen. But I was never a frontline officer, so what do I know
Yeah they can take their carpal tunnel syndrome and shove it. They always say waste my taxes , but truth is, the tax they pay can't even pay for admin support for the Olympics team.
Yeah this is the problem with democracy. Most people are idiots and unwilling to look beyond how things affect them right now.
Yeah this is what we were told in the army too. Not sure about SPF. Also don't the SPF have tazers ? Shooting a fella with a knife against the backdrop of a busy road seems a little risky. I get it's a judgement call based on the situation. Anyway just sad seeing people get hurt or attacking cops.
Yeah this sub has a real problem with racism and xenophobia. Everyone tries to hide it behind the excuse of protecting Singaporeans but they actually couldn't care less. And anytime someone tries to call it out they get called a woke snowflake, as if being aware that other people have feelings and you're talking to someone real on the end is a terrible thing. I really hope that your experiences in real life with Singaporeans isn't as bad, because these racists keyboard warriors probably don't have the guts to say all these things out loud in real life. Anyway, I hope you have a better rest of the day ahead. Don't let these people ruin your Sunday.
Yeah three officers at 9 o'clock, 12 o'clock and 3 o'clock, pointing their guns at the suspect in the centre, with 3 o'clock and 9 o'clock pointing at EACH OTHER past the suspect. Obviously it's hard to make rational decisions in a life-or-death dangerous situation like this, but that's what training is for. Singapore police rarely have to pull their guns and use them so I imagine firefight training is also a lower priority than for e.g. US police.
Yeah try methamphetamine instead, at least with that you're aware of what effect it has on your body
Yeah vastly underestimates how many people support 377A in Singapore. There are many mega-churches preaching American Christian values like homophobia and anti-abortionism. Older generation traditionalists are also very anti-LGBT. If LGBT people and their supporters demand a democratic vote they will likely lose their current freedoms.
Yeah war and political boundaries are also made up. Maybe I should go start a war for fun tmr cause fuck them right
Yeah we do it before school starts and I say sing but it more like lip syncing or just noting. Thank god for masks now we just stand and wait for time to pass
Yeah When I was with a bank I used to work closely with CDL and even the payout mechanism they have with the UOB account a driver needs to maintain is insane. They make huge profits and their entire business model is on buying cabs and getting people to drive them for them making them money. Actually they should be outing salaries. Grab's model is bad because those fuckers are not interested in just taxi service hut want to conquer the whole fucking planet and to find it they have to squeeze everyone. I personally think easy no frill models like Tada are the best which work both for the driver and the platform company and giving the flexibility to rent from anywhere or even own the car.
Yeah, all those professionally trained civilians who watched videos on how to drive Russian videos on tiktok, right? The fuck are you talking about?
Yeah, American expat here. Moving back end of August. It's such a damn shame, because I see how great this country could be if everything were sane or normal. Unfortunately I see no light at the end of the tunnel. Oh well, hopefully my leaving opens up a job for a Singaporean in need!
Yeah, anti-colonial or decolonial sentiment is revived and sustained against the Western values boogeyman. And there's also an intersection of class here - progressive Singaporeans that can advocate cast as out-of-touch bougies that don't know the bread-and-butter life of the real Singaporean
Yeah, as a foreigner with more to lose than some, and generally being quite an anxious person, it fucks me off this involuntary game of prisoners' dilemma.
Yeah, but like I said, if war breaks out, do you think he's going to step into a BG role in the COC or any other military role for that matter? His job is senior statesman and politician. He's there to try and avoid war breaking out if possible.
Yeah, but people are really good at forming prejudice against an entire group of people for the actions of the few. I was on the Dota subreddit yesterday, and there were a LOT of people condemning the entire Russian population for not doing more to try to stop the war.
Yeah, emphasis on the on the field . There are statesmen and there are soldiers, though the two aren't mutually exclusive. Our statesmen, are decidedly not soldiers. Would you rather have your army led by a soldier or a politician? Not dunking on politicians, by the way. They also have their role to play. Just not leading the charge on the front lines.
Yeah, I know. I was still am learning at that point, and sometimes overshot the mark. Should've done some masking. The sharpening, local contrast and clarity really work on buildings, but it can be too much on clouds.
Yeah, I never take my mask off when cutting my hair. Should be fine but I messaged my hairstylist just in case got an appointment next week.
yeah, i was watching that on abc just now. not a real surprise because it is largely along the same script as his boss, plenty of conspiracy theory shit about maidan snipers and neo nazis.
Yeah, I'm definitely in the facilitate some travel, but manage the risk, TTI any cases that slip though camp but At some point the risk stopped being managed and here we are. We can all agree that it's a massive fail in whichever way you look at it!
Yeah, I'm in my early thirties and I find it silly as fuck when people still ask about what school I was from. It makes me think that they have done nothing else worthwhile in their adult life after they graduated.
Yeah, I've been told by another guy with the same type of username below. Gonna just strike out that comment now.
Yeah, it sounds like double messaging from the government to me. The vaccine is so good that you MUST take it, but not good enough to trust it and open things up.
Yeah, it's quite common for Filipinos to only want to rent to other Filipinos as well. Not to mention that it is exceedingly common for ladies to only want to live with other ladies. It's almost as if people want to be freely able to choose who they live with and rent their properties to.
Yeah, it's so dumb. I used to work in an insurance company not as an agent but the agents get to hang around the office and say nobody wakes up one day to buy insurance but its impt and we're helping people . No shit, you're helping yourself, otherwise why are commissions so high? Just make it Direct purchase online or sth.
Yeah, like how we did chores when we were young. Good way to bring them up.
Yeah, never thoughts of suicide, I'm too alive But I still treat it like it's do or die Even though dying isn't in the plans But neither was making it and here I am
Yeah, no 'bad' repercussions. I'm not sure how many 'official records' there are that keep track of your religion, but it might be as simple as informing MUIS you wanna renounce your religion, maybe a few interviews, and you're all set. Note that the ex-Muslim will no longer be considered a valid 'member of the family' and they'd be invalid for inheritance or marriage under Muslim law.
Yeah, reeks of martial arts lessons . I'm a big guy but even I wouldn't try to break up the fight. No clue why the emergency button wasn't pressed though.
Yeah, reeks of martial arts lessons . I'm a big guy but even I wouldn't try to break up the fight. No clue why the emergency button wasn't pressed though. that will just stop the train out of station and the beating will continue
Yeah, talk to most people here and the answer is always but it's worse in XYZ . Ok but that doesn't negate racism in Singapore .
Yeah, that doesn't surprise me either. In my experience, it is accurate for finance and if you're involved in the competitive landscape at banks such as JP Morgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanely etc., with a ridiculous amount of hours to prove their productivity to their peers and colleagues. The irony is two-fold not only does their productivity drop because of the lack of sleep and rest from work, and secondly, their base salary is high, calculate the hourly rate. It becomes pretty low when contrasted with other jobs at a standard 40 hours rate. I'm in pre-sales, so my work schedule fluctuates like a roller coaster, but the average workweek is like 40-50 hours, the overtime I can compensate during the low activity days of the year when people are on vacation and so on. This is coming from someone who used to do 80-90 hours a week, 6-7 days a week. It's not worth it the only benefit is that you can do more meritable things in a shorter amount of time. The rest is just a list of consequences, especially if the environment is high paced like it were for me.
Yeah, the thing about religion is that often, it isn't an intentional scam. Everyone is just mistaken or deluded
Yeah, there's nothing wrong here. No point in showing up to 100% when there's nothing to see above 25% in the 1st place.
Yeah, they are cute when we see them far away, but when they are close to our house, they are no longer cute !
Yeah, they can contract covid again, and it wouldn't make their immunity less effective . however, the overarching point is that i don't believe people should be mandated to get vaccinated if they so choose not to. yes, this isn't a mandate in the dictionary sense, but i can't deny that the walls are closing in on them, which i find to be unfortunate. if they have greater immunity to people who have been 2x vaccinated, i would argue that there's no benefit to society to force them to get vaccinated.
Yeah, they don't realize what is happening. They send their money to De Beers and give their wife a stone. You send the money to the bank account and share it with the wife. In twenty years see who's smarter.
Yeah, times have changed. What's the use of championing meritocracy if army people can just land such important jobs? What's the use of work experience if someone can say their army experience makes them qualified to run the company? After an extensive global talent search some more. It's laughballs man.
yeah, too lazy to think then just steal people's content and watermark it as their own the quality of sgag is getting worse nowdays, they had it good with the korean burger thing.
Yeah, we should arrest all Russians living here instead. Discriminate them and treat them like third class citizens, because of a decision made by a mad man. At the same time we should delete any semblance of their culture in our country even though they have to pay taxes in Singapore. In the larger scheme of things. It's certain that whatever I can spend there, wouldn't make much of a difference. But even if it's one less 7.62mm round for their AK-47s. It's one less round that can be fired in Ukraine. Is that what you were told? Holy fuck it is like you don't know jack shit about economics. You are 10 years too young to comment in the thread, please come back once you graduated from primary school.
Yeah, when they did the first cheebye, you thought 1 mth ok. Then 2 mths to get back your freedom. Nope, after 2 mths, got phase 1. Then phase 2 then phase 3 and people still couldn't live as normally as they could. The restrictions have extended for 1 year already at this point
yeah, which is why all foreign travellers from sri lanka, nepal and etc were banned as well. If we are banning our own citizens from coming back, we face the question of human rights. people may say chartered flight will be possible, but people need to understand the vast number of Singaporeans abroad as well and how spread out across they are, its not like all of them are in the same city in the same country. The high daily imports were before the travel restrictions, who knows having them serve 14+14 days of quarantine might be safer, and you do know that travellers need to take pre-departure swabs everytime they fly across countries, so thats like 4 swabs altogether before stepping into the public area of Singapore. How about our essential workers i.e. foreign doctors and nurses surely, it will affect our public healthcare manpower as well. It is not a simple decision when the government decides to impose travel restrictions. So far no country besides Australia has banned their own citizen from coming back.
yeah. but I only just started posting on ig majority of my art are at DA or fb.
Yeah. Death squads and shit, and how Russia did not initiate hostilities. Helluva farce. Add Did I piss off some pro-RU bugger?
Yeah. Even a Cabinet Minister resigned in protest because he felt Spectrum had gone too far
Yeah. HDB has a scheme for couples to rent their own place before build-to-order arrives. Not many people I know are using it though.
Yeah. I mean if you know the symptoms stop there, it's easy to say. But I understand if a parent see their kids vomiting and having a 39 degree fever saying, just give him some panadol and let's go a&e. people in general still don't think it will take 10 hours. And they it's more serious than other people there, meaning you go earlier after triage. I am just saying I understand why people go, it's not right and it's causing issues with our healthcare system but I understand it.
Yeah. I really can't imagine myself, coming home after a hard day's work, and still have to devote so much time and attention on raising a child. It's simply not a life I want to live. Oh, and I'm also not rich. Figures, huh?
Yeah. In the US loads of folks are moving back in with their parents or families, and it's absolutely something to not be ashamed of. Rent there is so expensive, and if possible, it's good to be close to a support system.
Yeah. Ironically, filming was the best course of action to ensure this guy lands in jail. If he pressed the button to alert staff with no video, how are we gonna post on social media to get the police to protect us? Sure SMRT would have the cctv but it won't be shown on social media to give pressure to popo
Yeah. Pay from Grab can be equivalent to many entry level jobs. You can decide your own hours as well. But Grab doesnt value-add to your resume in anyway so thats one big downside.
Yeah. There's 8 billion people in the world. Some of them are psychos that are out to kill for absolutely no discernible reason. Stay safe.
Yeah. Where does it come from, I wonder? Surely, international banks were banned for doing any transactions with Russia, governments from all over world has stopped money from flowing into Russia. So how, i wonder, does Russian businesses send their money to Russia?
Yeahh. And this sh t is common in all asian companies. Pay less, squeeze more, no OT, no personal life. End of the KPI review, still getting reviews from higher management that performance has degraded , not committed enough to the work . what the fuck. to be honest, no one cares about you and managers are selfish for their own reasons.
Yeap! It's situational. Let's say the subject is unarmed and charged at the officers, tazers are welcomed. But this is a knife situation, so no choice but to use gun.
Yeap. Wedding is totally optional. I spent 3K in total on my wedding and regret that it could actually be 20% lower. I didnt go for MUA, Bridal gown, Photographers. Waste of money imho. Read too many horror stories of friends getting into debts over that single night of dinner with people they dont know. I'm quite fortunate in the sense that my mum requested a $8 red packet as dowry from my husband as a 'formality' so my grandparents wont make any noise, since they wont know whats the value inside the red packet. Wedding was a booked treehouse chalet for 4D3N by a friend, we ended up spending 3hrs on the solemnisation itself. The other days and times were surrounded by real friends who came down to stay, taking short break away from their work and enjoy themselves with mahjong and beers throughout. Ended up spending 2.5K in total with half going to the catering company where we ended up wasting more than 70% of our food. - this was actually my regret. First time order catering, didnt know what to expect, caterer didnt call to ask and verify as well. After the entire stay is over, have to arrange for a lunch or dinner cause having traditional grandparents means theres a need to have a table and being the eldest dont help. So we settled for a chinese restaurant that set us aside $500 for 11pax. Totally debt free from the wedding. But now with a new build-to-order and renovation undergoing, its a totally different story.
Yep if I am a single female, I won't be comfortable with a guy walking around too. Esp a male stranger.
Yep if im nt wrong, the other 2 or 3 of a deceased muslim's assets can only go to muslim beneficiaries. So if u converted out, you wont be entitled to your share out of the 2 or 3 under faraid laws
Yep so why do anything?. Also India v Pakistan has nothing to do with race. It is a border dispute.
Yep that's all reasonable. But wouldn't it be better if you specify no cooking with strong spices ? Maybe apart from turmeric - Thai, Indo, peranankan curries also have similar ingredients.
Yep thats us. We like our current overlords. Imagine thinking that Singapore is that bad that you think its not worth defending
Yep! Well, depends on your standard for fluency, but we're educated in English and most people speak in English in the working environment. Vocabulary can be limited for some folks whose families don't speak English at home, but for the most part you should be able to communicate in English with most working class Singaporeans without any major trouble. In my experience, it's mainly the elderly that experience some difficulty with English.
Yep, been to India in 2018, a typical meal in a university canteen costs about 40-50 rupees. That's about $1 here, includes drink as well.
Yep, i abit rusty alr . Plus the guy declined medical attention and said he was ok, so it definitely vch at this point. But it got me thinking about another question, if the person is indeed extremely hurt but he declined medical attention and claim he is fine, is scdf allowed to leave?
Yep, I'll post some links on how they can be And see how shitty the Russian president and his war efforts have taken - after nukes and napalm , this is a next level shitty weapon to be usededit No hate or anger at the Russian people, but correctly at their president as well as the ones who will do things like these.
Yep, that's the shipyard life. With that kind of hours with low pay there's no need or time to clean house, do laundry or even take a stroll unless you're on your off days
Yep, we had the ROM. Its just the hassle of getting to the vendors to refund or change everything or redo contract again. Sigh. Like I said, just needed to rant.
Yep.I wake up a bit later at around 630 am but still feel drowsy,if i have time between classes i always take nap.
Yes ! A huge stereotype , my landlord mentioned that she was shocked that i was much cleaner than her previous tenant , who was a female . i told her i'm quite a clean freak and she said this changed her perspective of guy tenants
Yes agreed. And then they began wondering why the younger generation are straying away from the religion when their educational approach and the holier than thou attitude is the contributing source of the problem itself
Yes and Scott Morrison is definitely someone who should be a leader for democracy smfh. Also go look here. This is what a non-authoritarian leaning populace responds like to such bans. Not good job . Also by north korea tier shit I meant the tendency to be authoritarian. Not referring to their policies. Also you know how fucked your argument is when you have to look up border policies of fucking north korea.
Yes and these HOGC pastors abuse this overlying sensitivity to grow their so-called clout with the media
Yes but still less than the 100 million Latino population. Still unfortunate that she can't just identify as Malay and fit in
Yes but the difference is one person can make this decision and not a government. One person can decide to discriminate against people if he so wishes.
Yes especially if the neighbour up North decides to do anything sneaky. Though the issue of pedra branca is resolved, we should not lower our guards in effective deterrent.
Yes exactly my experience. Kids with the good grades can get away with almost anything while those with slightly worse grades get constant counselling or forced to lower the number of subjects so they won't pull down the average. School culture is also pretty communist, outliers are being frowned upon and scrutinised. Hope things are better?
Yes exactly! Those shots look easy to tackle as they look very smackable , however they contain an insane amount of spin . No wonder Mima Ito is so feared for these kind of shots.
Yes he was, which is why I hold no blame and didn't follow up after. I wouldn't say we're angry. I think I'm personally more tired and sad at the state of affairs. You'll still be surprised at how many times healthcare workers are reprimanded though. It's not something medical school prepares you for. Family members or patients aren't as understanding and patient when it's their health on the line and they believe that they should be prioritized first. Or during times of grief and anxiety, we somehow are always the nearest and easiest punching bag. We do try to sympathetize regardless and put our best face forward, but some days it's just too hard when you've been verbally abused too many times or overworked or feel like you're not providing the best care you could for your patients or underpaid or not seen your loved ones for some time or slept for 30 hours etc.
yes here comes the copypastas. If yall don't understand the principle of propaganda then it's on yall. Doesn't mean I don't support Ukraine I just don't support fake news.
Yes I am aware, if she's currently 18, Im assuming she decided to undergo hormonal treatment at the age of 16 - 17 correct? If she decided to undergo treatment at the of 18, then please disregard my comment. But my point is that at a age below 21, when a person might still be undergoing puberty, and that their treatment might not be entirely successful, and that there might be complications down the road. Of course the doctor would be the one making the final judgement whether or not the procedure would be safe for her to undergo.
Yes I could since I don't believe in the religion so I don't have to follow the teachings. But I personally wouldn't because I grew up raising many different pets and I don't think I want to take on any more responsibilities especially since I'm aging. I'm also still staying with my religious family anyway. As for differences in practices. Some Muslims have dogs which serve as guard dogs, guide dogs, or seizure epilepsy alert dogs. In the past, dogs were used for herding and hunting. Conventionally, dogs are regarded as unclean in Islam because of their saliva or shedding etc. It's said that angels do not enter a home with dogs in it. Apparently, they're fine if the dog is outside . Actually Muslims can handle dogs. I've seen Muslim vets. It's just that you have to perform some simple cleansing after you handle the dog. Otherwise you can't perform your prayers etc. But it's the mental stigma that prevents people from even going near dogs because they were brought up to stay away from them. I would say a handful of religious people just routinely pray and fast every year but don't actually know much about the religion. For one, the Quran is in Arabic . And yeah probably some dog owners are agnostic or atheists.
yes I did not know this, thanks for the correction. Was thinking of the guy in Anthony Ler's case
Yes I know that and her comment made it even worse for Durai. Remember this, her reality is not the same as ours. While $5 cai peng to us is expensive. $50 meal is peanuts to her.
Yes i spilled cai png curry on my money once and just washed it in water.
Yes I think Lee Hsien Loong would. His father built the country - he wouldn't want to destroy his dad's legacy. Halimah would prob follow whatever instructions given to her
Yes I think life will be better lived if we enjoy the journey rather than just focusing on the end goal - retirement. It is as if working and living are mutually exclusive and people see working as a means to living. Because of that, my friends generally have the mindset of working very hard so that they can retire early and enjoy life. But I don't blame them as it is not easy living in Singapore and I do hope I am able to find that balance of living and working asap.
Yes indeed. We need to stand up on our own and not have wishful thinking that some foreign powers or diplomacy will help us resolve our crisis when an unfriendly and unreasonable neighbour appears. Of course we also shouldn't antagonise our neighbours thinking that someone else will bail us out. Finally, it helps to have more Americans live and work here because that means USA will have collaterals to take care of if shit happens here.
Yes it definitely is more prevalent for malays due to their skin tone , no question there. ? where u pluck that from? I presume you may have a good intention to broaden the discussion and to not be overfocused on Islam lest Islamophobia, but the OP and users here are raising an issue that ethnically Malays have an issue of religion being part of their racial identity. This social phenomenon can be observed by characteristics of the race and many kind of statistics. You're just wasting time if you attempt to refute it.
Yes it has always been this racist, anyone who tells you otherwise has been extremely privileged to not face it first hand. Like you, I can't be bothered to speak up anymore cause 9 out of 10 times it falls into deaf ears and I'm pretty tired of fighting. So yes, please call me lazy and how a bench can support a family better than me cause I clearly can't change your mind to the racists
Yes it has been for a while. I have faced these racist statements before. Im a Muslim, and people like to make fun of me because i am in the malay dance group. They say i wear wierd clothing, which is my traditional clothing for all my performances. Once, a group came into our room during our dance routine, and the next day a boy called me a 'Black dancer' and said i cant dance correctly. Im not black and i respect those who are, and my instructor has already fixed all of my mistakes. Till now i still wonder when they will realise that they did something racist. I really hope you are doing okay now, because there are many people here who are just like me, or like you. And maybe they understand you, or respect you. I do. Because I've experienced this type of racism before. I cant even enjoy my homemade indonesian Maggie anymore without people staring at me. Even some of my Malay classmates dont seem to like my food. So if you think Indians are the only ones getting hit by racism, you aren't alone. Us muslims and malays are too.
Yes it is him. In fact he has a youtube account where he spars with legends and regular people from time to time.
Yes just like how our job applications just list, fluent in language The problem isn't that people were allowed to discriminate choosing tenants, the problem is racism. Just treat the potential tenant like shit, they wouldn't want to live there. Or just ask your racist buddies if anyone needs a place. So what if it is illegal, if black Americans have expressed that they feel discriminated against EVEN AFTER such laws, clearly it didn't address much
Yes like saying we know these imports come in with the variants yet we didn't know how to siam the virus
yes nothing beats studying to the ASMR sounds of a cane swooshing while teardrops fall on my textbook. 10 or 10 would study again
Yes notice how they make a big deal of it instead of pretending it doesn't exist.
Yes of course at the end of the day it always boils down to skin colour
Yes of course. Just like how we exempt medically unfit personnel from NS, I'm sure we can do the same for those who have valid reasons.
Yes office job, but those girls sound surreal to me. Why are people like that? It's quite sad.
Yes on both counts. I used to be at Fitness First. Prefer this place - no high-pressure selling. Just enough stuff for basic fitness and weight training.
yes religious feelings. The Singapore Government took my house away from me because I'm a lesbian so do kindly excuse me when I join the crowd in saying fuck religious feelings. Seriously grow some skin. It's very easy for people to say plz be sensitive to muh religious feelings in the comfort of their own fucking homes while enjoying the benefits of the government policies which they're perfectly fine with denying others while simultaneously being perfectly okay with said feelings actively ostracising others. It must be nice to be so fucking privileged that your religious feelings are more important than people having their educations, homes, and entire fucking lives taken away from them. I bet all religious folk would suffer a collective aneurism if they had to suffer even a fraction of what we have.
yes that is exactly my intention. US, putin, NATO all are wrong with what they did. It was never my intention to suggest its okay that putin is doing what he did because US and the west did that too. I do not know why my original post got down voted so badly.
yes that is indeed sexist. and we all know why certain landlords put only female tenants allowed
yes that's definitely where the bulk of the US GDP is going, not military spending amirite. There's crazy people on each side and the bulk of money is definitely not going to math is racist, which isn't a major policy decision or campaign cornerstone unlike the histrionics around critical race theory which doesn't even exist below the university level. The US could definitely use some social justice considering their police run around murdering black people and they don't even have asylums.
yes that's exactly what they said and here we are two days later with still one person in intensive care unit but it's back to P2 . The entire point of vaccination is that cases don't result in hospitalisation, and to this point they haven't and there's not even a rising trend of symptomatic sickness. If there was, I'd agree with these measures but as usual it's say one thing, do something entirely different. I really wonder how much longer they expect people to put up with this crap.
Yes that's the thing, so many here are not realising why this isn't called cheebye. It's just more restrictive than Phase 2
Yes they can probably do it with a firmware update of the receivers. I read sometime back, it could be done either with or both different led colour and beep for vax or unvax
Yes they definitely deserve higher pay, but they need empathy as well. Unfortunately people here still thinks the customer is always right , I know there's certain lapses in their work make you miss your queue number, ect. But you don't have to be an asshole for it.
Yes this is the default roadmap proposed by our government. Nothing wrong, very safe, mostly comfortable and stress-free relatively, I will elaborate later . Perfect for people who are content with status quo, don't go looking for adventures, are relatively risk-averse and are happy with the fact that all they need to live comfortably is to have a stable job and have a good nuclear family. After all, the heterosexual nuclear family is one of the basic tenets of the incumbent's governance and policy-making. I.e the family should always be the basic social unit of the singaporean society and majority of our current policies serves to perpetuate that. The problem and unhappiness arises when you have people who don't want such a lifestyle. A newer generation with loftier aspirations and dreams, not wanting to be told to stay within their lanes . One with different perspectives and values. And increasingly so as we can see. When you have an increasing proportion of the electorate growing up in a world with seemingly more opportunities and experiences, as compared to generations before, aspirations and expectations would change. With that in mind, the roadmap proposed by our government can appear to be restrictive and paternalistic. I'm not gonna generalise and say that oh, this is exactly the reason why younger people are refusing to have kids, are marrying later etc. But if we start to look at other developed societies, the same themes and issues start to crop up as well. Yes, our social and economic policies may not be perfect, but no one is forcing anyone to follow the roadmap set out by the government. Yes, you may argue there is societal and peer pressure. From an economic perspective, you could even argue on the basis of high opportunity cost being cast upon the younger generation - forcing them to undertake huge debt early on in life in order to align themselves with the proven roadmap laid out. Ultimately, I still believe that everyone has a choice and has full control over how they want to lead their life. Many Singaporeans who didn't subscribe to such a lifestyle have managed to find the steel in them to pursue their own callings and dreams - just look at those that went overseas to work and live, start up businesses or whatnot - these people are just like us, but instead of complaining, they just took action. Whether they have succeeded or not is another matter altogether. End of the day, I feel that playing victim is one of the most unconstructive things one can do. Take ownership of your own life, read up more, look for new friends, new experiences and broaden your perspectives. Don't be too concerned about what the government can or cannot do for you. Your life is your own and no one else's.
Yes very true, I would argue that the people here lack soul because we do not get to experience the awe of being in the great outdoors
Yes we should always be respectful to everyone. But 1. he might not be maliciously lying, maybe he doesn't know better because he doesn't walk the grounds though yes he should be doing so, but that's for another day , and 2. even if he were really lying, keeping it cordial and respectful encourages a proper conversation which has better chances of actually causing change. Rather than leading to bickering and name-calling etc. At least don't give them a chance to ignore or shut down your argument just because it's disrespectful .
Yes which is why this is prime That aside, people do often tend to treat healthcare workers like pariahs in times like these.
Yes yes, you're a big financially responsible boy who lives with his parents and is saving a ton of money we get it
Yes! I keep thinking that instead of contributing to the climate issues and possible health issues for me and a baby you never know . why not give a kid that was dealt a hard blow a great life, or at least try to.
Yes! I was very impressed by the storytelling and production, all top notch. Can rival Serial and those other US journalism podcasts.
yes! The old-ie video series called the best years of our lives Every time it was just a girl + guy goes to bed, then poof HIV or pregnant. Used to think they went to SLEEP. Goodness. Now in retrospect I wonder why they never bothered teaching contraception
Yes! You need to pump enough money to this little shop. To offset the cruel sanctions on the Russian people. The Russian military budget for'22 needs you. Every little bit helps!
Yes, a minority within the minorities think that battling hate and prejudice with reverse hate or prejudice is the solution. At personal level they may feel contented of temporarily fending off their perpetrators. But they need to understand, that they are not helping in anyway to change things for the next generation. I would continue to call out people from my own community if I have to. But let's be clear that, that the harm done by 20% of Indian or Malay onto the majority can be even with the harm done by 20% of majority onto the minorities.
Yes, as a Malay who doesn't really practice Islam, I'm considered to be 'rebellious' because the religion is so tied to my race. I can make comments saying how I'm a huge supporter and believer in LGBT rights, I have no issues consuming alcohol or pork, I wanna get a tattoo etc and I'll definitely get sentiments from the more religious nutjobs saying they'll pray I'll find my way or the light for me etc. Like they're on the high horse or something and I'm someone who's lost my soul. Like, fuck off, didn't ask for your prayers, don't need them. It's why growing up, I'm usually the token Malay among my friends at different stages of my life. I just don't hang out with the more traditional Malay community. Glad that these days, in my 30s, I have a bit more Malay friends, who like me, are also open-minded, educated individuals and not so defined by the Islam identity. Proud to identify as Singaporean as well. At least here, we are Singaporeans first, Malay second. Unlike our neighboring Malays.
Yes, but genuinely curious what the process is to apply for a permit to protest. How difficult is it to get a permit?
Yes, but what I also meant was, for almost all, if not all debates, no audience or a controlled audience must be enforced
Yes, cannot. Because you guys will clog up the toilet like you are clogging up the healthcare system.
Yes, comfort app is also smaller, loads faster, unlike the grab app, which seems on the way of becoming a superapp I just want the feature of booking a taxi
Yes, felt it in Bedok South. I live on the 19th floor. I thought it was my vertigo until someone told me it was an earthquake. Felt repeated swaying forward and backward north facing for a few seconds.
Yes, from a financial or salary perspective they ARE both a form of compensation AND a requirement for working the job. I am NOT saying that I think their total compensation including room amd board is enough. I don't think it's enough. But I do think we should be honest with each other ablut what their full compensation includes. I think your suggestion would work in some cases and I wouldn't be surprised if some people do work that type of job description, but I doubt most people who hire domestic helpers in Singapore today would agree to that. Personally, I think room and board are fine, but 700 dollars is still much too low, and I would never hire someone for that amount. Perhaps doubling or more. that amount would be fitting. If a salary increase was mandated, the consequence would be, however, that a lot of domestic workers would have to go home against their own and their employers' wishes. Of course, the ones able to keep their jobs would get a better compensation. I'm just saying it is not all black and white also, I feel normal people is a little bit a problematic term. I certainly don't work that few hours, and I have lost many PHs to work. We all have different skills, opportunities, and personal choices.
Yes, I agree the government should make special exceptions for you guys. But on the other hand, they're doing this for the best in protecting the more vulnerable people. So, I hope later developments in countering covid will prompt the government to make exceptions for you guys since you're unable to get vaxxed. We all deserve to enjoy going out since it's one way we destress ourselves from working in this tiresome country.
Yes, I agree with all your points, which is why I say, the MMTF may be clowns, the government may have their own agendas, but at the end of the day, my main message is think of the people on the ground, be nice to the healthcare worker.
yes, I mean the unspoken part is that from what I've seen of the game so far it definitely looks promising and I am a fan of ARPGs. All the best!
Yes, I never even understood the idea that curry smell is a negative. Smoking is 100x worse.
Yes, I think our National Service has become that of, fulfilling of paper scholars or officers KPIs than actual defense. I've not even shoot a weapon since 2011. And those regulars when we go back for ICT expect us to suddenly become Professional soldiers ? Joke. That's why NS is such a waste of time.
Yes, It is on the Downtown Line to both Bukit Panjang MRT Station and LRT Station and Expo MRT Station.
Yes, it's called voting for the opposition. It's not about you wanting the opposition, it's about sending a message that they will understand. As evident when someone cried like a bitch in 2011 Election.
Yes, not really possible to retire in Singapore. Some of my parent's generation moved to Malaysia.
Yes, once a year go range and shoot weapon to have some knowledge of the weapon is enough. Don't need to keep asking us to go back for ICT to stand guard at gate, go outfield, dig hole in the ground or help some lazy ass regulars to key in last month's food ration indented. None of it is going to help when the aggressors start shooting cruise missiles first.
Yes, or other pets themselves. My partner and I managed to find a place in the end, but we had to accept increasing our budget slightly as it seems LLs who are ok w pets charge more mostly condos and many ask for extra deposit to cover damages of pets
yes, Queensway. I only used that Anytime Fitness outlet to take a shower after playing football at the nearby Alexandra Hospital field.
Yes, Singapore has always been like this unfortunately. I grew up hearing racist jokes and statements at home and in school and they continue today, though I'm now in a better position to identify when something is inappropriate and call it out. Awareness is the first step to undoing the damage and ensuring it stops at our generation, and stories like yours are helpful.
yes, that is unfortunately the case. and also the reason why people rush to GPs or polyclinic or hospital for MC and get their case registered in MOH system. most companies are like that because the culture in Singapore is as such. government has to take to lead to change the general working culture in Singapore. my company insist on a recovery memo, I told them MOH say don't need. they still insist on seeing it, saying they need a record.
Yes, that's because in the 60s, we wanted to pursue secular democracy. They made it clear back then that everyone is free to practice their religion but they stopped short at putting secularism in the constitution. This is something I've been confused for years. We are a multi racial country with many religion. Being secular seems to be the only way to run the state and yet they left it off the constitution.
Yes, thats called working with your representatives, not in spite of them being elected. They are called representatives for a reason. Its a lot easier than you think to work with them. Where do you stay and how old are you? If youre serious about active citizenry I can help you identify a representative that aligns with your values so that you can voice your concerns.
Yes, the EU have sorted themselves out very quickly, supposedly on course for herd immunity by the end of July.
yes, the monthly pessimistism thread. The same shit can be said about literally any time period in history. Why bother having kids during the Japanese occupation? Why bother having kids in 1965 when Singapore split from Malaysia and unemployment rates were sky high? Why bother having kids in the 2008 recession? Living standards are way better today than literally any period in history. You have high average income, access to high quality healthcare and education etc
Yes, the water issue is never a casus belli. This is the bluff or show that our forefathers have put on. Malaysia and the World will soon realised they have more hold on Singapore than initially thought. And the worrying trend is our government still continues to adopt the policy of economic growth over long term sustainability. Much as Vivian mentioned the need to be self reliant on defence. It's funny why water or food is not such a requirement as well?
Yes, they will win again but we voters can opt not to let them win with strong mandate. Having strong mandate is not to our benefit. After their landslide victory see what did we get from them signed ceca again despite knowing many local pmet have difficulty getting jobs, increase water bill to 30%, wash dirty laundry in parliament, asked singaporeans to go steal jobs, during covid asked local to visit places of attraction, and so on. We need more oppositions to speak for us in parliament. Vote with wisdom. WP's manifesto is close to my heart, SDP, SPP, NSP,. But a little disappointed Wp can't contest in every constituency. Please come.
Yes, this is a well shot photo, I'll give the OP that. But a unique angle of a piece of shit doesn't make it any less of a piece of shit.
yes, unkers use tiktok to watch xmm from a certain country dance and watch propaganda from foreign affair ministers from a certain country as well. more accurately, douyin.
Yes, you are able to peacefully protest in Hong Kong and Russia. But if you have peacefully protested in those areas, that does not mean they could not find and arrest you for it. For Hong Kong For Russia
Yes, your theory makes logical sense. But put into reality I don't see how it can work. For example, a lady landlord with 2 young children wanting to rent out a room. The landlord doesn't feel safe living with a male stranger, considering that there are young children involved. What are the chances of having her position against having a male stranger in her house getting weakened after meeting a potential male tenant? On a side note, there's a reason why the preschool industry is dominated by females. There's a bias against males as they are deemed more risky when it comes to interaction with children.
Yes. And you have information that all super markets in Singapore are all wiped cleaned and none of the supermarket in Wuhan were wiped clean? because the one I went yesterday still have a reasonable stock. Please stop comparing it with Wuhan as if it serves any point. It only change the topic of people hoarding to a nationalistic arguement.
Yes. But there's high unemployment now. Well qualified grads can't get the job in the industry they want. Many come out to start hobby businesses like cafe and online stores instead. They also work for larger GLCs like BIBD, Baiduri and so on. The banks and telcos, and OG companies.
Yes. But we already know people would all go a&e. No matter what the government says or try, only so many poeple would listen. Pretty sure there are plenty of conflicting reports showing that people have gone to the clinic instead of a&e, and a substantial number of people are just isolating at home, so I have no idea what you're on about
Yes. But we already know people would all go a&e. No matter what the government says or try, only so many poeple would listen. With more cases, there would just be more people going to a&e and there is not much that can be done to stop that. The issue is also with the word mild. Is a 39 degree fever mild? Is a terrible cough with a fever and diarrhea mild? I was hearing stories from someone who works with the healthcare people and to them, they are unhappy with the situation but they kind of understand, especially with older folks and kids.
Yes. I was pretty fucking clear that they are not responsible. Learn to read before getting offended.
Yes. If there is a new strain running amok in some other country, I would strongly advise them to stay where they are and avoid traveling to any other country, not just Singapore. Yes, I did leave for greener pastures and many of my friends did the same. I am not saying that this should be a permanent ban. It should be a temporary measure to stop the spread of the virus. Nobody is trying to keep the competition out.
Yes. In Australia that's a norm. So that there will be no dispute in the deposit . And also everyone receive a place that is deep cleaned. I think it's fair.
yes. In my time it was ABC - Abstinence, be safe, use condoms. Basically AB is like just don't have sex
yes. it's like their son is also gone to them, in a way. Being locked up in prison and condemned for the rest of life. The parents also feeling guilt whether they have caused him to be like that in one way or another.
Yes. The Australian marriage equality debate was held in public and it was very divisive and harmful for the lgbtq community. If you accept that rights are universal then they are above the day-to-day of politics and should be enshrined in law at the Constitutional level. But obviously the court here is saying that the right to sexual orientation isn't protected in Singapore so there's no other way forwards.
Yes. This is the reason. Majority in Singapore gets concerned when they see so many different people around them. And, it spurs the sentiment that foreigners are taking over their country. The impressions about so many Indians around is anecdotal. Out of sight is out of mind. Unfortunately, the migrant workers are paying the price of this xenophobia. It's like I want my house to be cleaned and my garden to be manicured but I don't want to see any people around.
Yes. We didn't know it was likely for covid to incubate for so long. Now we do. If we want to be super safe we can stay on cheebye forever. That will be the safest.
Yes. You only see 33 confirmed cases. You didn't see how many suspected cases being deployed, on top of the normal incident volume.
YESSSS Singapore YANGGANG this is it this is what having a candidate whom you sincerely support FEELS LIKE
Yet another history lectured about things in the past that is somehow used to justify appalling things in the present. Guess what it's 2022. Hey did you know that in the 1800s people were executed in public? Hey did you know that in the past women were burnt alive for being witches? Hey did you know that during World War Two people were massacred in Singapore for being Chinese? This is the level of discourse that we will forever be stuck at and is precisely the reason why people living in 2022 cannot be bothered any longer. You're toxic, we're toxic. We can all be toxic together at this rate since progress is always bad
Yet another not in my backyard singaporean going pluhz we want to see more opposition MPs, but you guys do it ok, because I scared my estate . If you want to be selfish, the least you could do is keep it to yourself because you're just making a fool out of yourself here.
Yet at the first sign of trouble. lockdown! . This lack of iron to push through the measures is getting frustrating.
Yet if we pay too much, you might attract the wrong kind of persons into the job. Nonsense. We are underpaying them and still attracting the wrong kind of people into the job. How many sexual crimes against students by teachers are there in the news le? Wolves will be wolves. Unmotivated people without intention to serve will forever be there regardless.
Yet soldier for soldier the fulltime national serviceman and NSman would have more actual live fire training than the Msian counterpart. The Malaysian soldier may spend more time in uniform, but their budget means they fired their weapons less
Yet there is an emergency order in affect that says employers can and will retract vacation if staffing needs can't be met. Coping my ass. I have gotten out of nursing before I even finished my schooling.
Yh the thing is, I don't support Brexit and it seems more likely for the U.K. to rejoin the EU than for Singapore to exist by the end of the century
YMY updated her IG Life cannot be perfect for everything. A life with a little regret is real life. I cannot agree more with her. She's already a winner in our hearts. I hope she takes care of her health and rest well for the next 2 days! YMY IG
yo how much is ur pay? 16 y or o here too looking for some jobs that pay good moolah
Yo what the fuck. This is like Singapore version of a school shooting. And this was just a few hours ago. What the fuck is wrong with people.
Yo, devils advocate here, it's literally a bunch of the results on google images for Singapore Skyline including multiple wikipedia articles about Singapore.
Yo, these tribal Indians videos are getting popular as fuck. Might still be profitable to go to India and pay some tribal villagers like $3 or hour for the shoot and upload ur own videos.
You act like the government sidelining the group of people who are arguably more local than any other group isn't a thing
You all better vote for Professor Jamus if he's in your GRC! please please please, no blank cheques! No People's Action Party, many people in there are horrible persons!
You all watch too many hollywood movies. No such thing as shoot to wound. If you're not planning to kill someone, you don't shoot at them.
You are a wise girl. The lessons you have learned on treating others is valuable and will stay with you for life. Best to you and your future!
You are absolutely right, and that's why many continue to live with their parents until they can afford to buy.
You are also, erm, well within your rights to stalk the landlord, take a discreet photo of his face, buy ad space on straits times front page, and post the pic there with the appropriate captions
You are an insane man for putting your hand on the same side it can jump and latch on to.
You are assuming the government cares in this case. They don't, and they never will. We've had a shit ton of international pressure on various issues and the few times the People's Action Party budged, it was to ensure that THEY got a good deal more than anything.
You are born in a global city with one of the highest standards of living in the region. You get to study in a world-class education system, with multiple globally top ranking universities at your doorstep. You do your duty to protect your country for 2 years and then you get paid up up to $500 equivalent to a month's pay for people in most nearby countries a year for keeping fit. After being babied by your family and the system for maybe 20 years of your life, now you have to grow up. You have the option to get married anywhere from your HDB void deck to 5 hotels IF you are lucky enough to fall in love and get married. While previous generations were fortunate to benefit in property investments in a rapidly growing megacity, the government tries to bridge the gap using a fair, random system that provides grants to public housing at a discounted rate - which you can flip after 5 years for a neat profit. To help you make the first downpayment and ensure that even non-financially savvy people can own a home, 20% of your salary is forcefully saved for you. But even so, you enjoy one of the best risk-free interest rates in the world on these savings, AND that 20% is matched by another 17% in government contributions. Eventually you buy a house, and you don't have to worry about forking additional cash because these pre-allocated savings + top ups should be enough to cover your monthly mortgages. You hit 60, and your family has left the nest. You and your partner downsize to a 2-room flat, and pocket the excess for a tidy retirement fund, which is further supplemented by additional savings in your cpf. By the time you burn through your personal savings + profit from downsizing, you can further rely on these unlocked cpf monies to ensure a comfortable retirement. If you fall ill in your 80's, you have medisave to cover most hospital expenses and luckily you have access to one of the best healthcare systems in the world. This is basically the life of most Singaporeans, not counting extreme cases. If anyone can take a look at your regional neighbours and still complain about living a terrible life come I clap for you.
You are born You study At the age of 18, you get kicked out of the house and you have to start working a part time job at minimum wage to be able to make rent. At the same time, you take an education loan of US$30k to go to college which means you're going to be stuck in debt for about the next 20 years. The nightmare and math have already begun A wedding costs a lot - but you max out your credit card to pay for it. Between the student loans and paying rent, it's not like you have any savings on hand anyway. Now we come to the house. Just kidding, due to public housing being synonymous with poverty and private housing in big cities being completely unaffordable, home ownership is far outside of your reach. Unless you move to the middle of nowhere. But the middle of nowhere has no jobs, so I guess you're staying put. Between all this, you still don't have any savings - much less being able to put anything toward your retirement. You could put the money in your 401k but since it's optional and you need the cash to cover your ever-increasing rent, you won't. So after paying rent for your entire life, you will be 55 or into your 60s already. You want to rest and retire but you can't because you have no retirement savings. Additionally, your health insurance is tied to your employment - so god forbid you fall sick without a job because the hospital bill will bankrupt you. There is no such thing as subsidized public healthcare so I hope you've got insurance one way or another! This is basically the life story of a common American. Is this an exaggerated account which doesn't quite paint the full picture? Of course it is. But so is the original post
You are completely dismissing the difficulties of Malays who don't want to be Muslim, or who are Muslim but don't want religion to be a big part of their lives. Non-Malays can politely or rudely reject preachy people, but a Malay-looking person doing that may be harassed for being a race traitor. And there's no Chinese or Indian or Caucasian equivalent for a Malay girl who doesn't cover her hair becoming a magnet for disapproving preachy Muslims.
You are completely free to make that assumption and avoid Singaporean Chinese landlords like the plague
You are correct. Not all officers are issued with a taser. And most of the time, it is only Regular officers enlisted who are issued it.
You are crazy dude. Thank you for typing so much. Let's stop this topic and enjoy the peaceful Sunday night.
You are delusional if you think that any South Asian government will make the People's Action Party concerned or quiver. People's Action Party NEXT.
You are less local to singapore than the otters. You are the invasive species. And they've been here all along. Think about that.
You are never going to meet this person again in your life This is generally just very valuable information to learn and remember in your life. No point trying to please everyone you encounter even you'll never ever see 99% of them again
You are right except for a bouldering case I really can't recall any such incidents I guess their cronies doesn't really much stake in the karaoke lounge and fitness business
You are right. I just felt upset that he insinuated I was dumb was the reason I was working retail at that point of time.
You are still trying to push the narrative that Singaporeans are being nationalist and racist against Indians. You are wrong - our problem is mainly with India Indians, and not our local Singaporean Indians. India nationals have been flooding our shores and engaging in discriminatory hiring practices and trying to push out local professionals from the IT and finance industries. They insist on only hiring their own kind, and form their own little bubble, while behaving arrogantly to service staff. Singaporeans have the right to be angry and demand that our government fix this flawed policy. This is not racism - it is a natural reaction when our opportunities are threatened and odds are unfairly stacked against us in our home country.
You are talking as though the doctors concerned are not humans and not Singaporeans. I am in a profession as well that is expected to uphold integrity, professionalism, ethical and moral values, not just in our work but also in our personal lives but the truth is always uglier than the idealistic dreams they teach us in school, or what we portray to the general public.
You are the one being inconsiderate when you expect people to get near you when you're highly exposed to infected people. You know clearly that it doesn't take a hug and a kiss for the virus to pass around. Don't change the topic to delivering food to hospitals or some shit, just because delivering food to a hospital is much more risky, it doesn't mean that getting close to hcp in public isn't already a much higher risk of infection than a regular member of the public. And oh sure , your doctor friends canceling their meetups means that all the other hcp in public who come into close contact with people are completely clean now or somehow excused? What kind of stupidity is that? The chicken rice one I agree, the seller could've figured out that he could leave the rice at a place on the floor far away and have the hcp go collect it. Too bad he didn't think of that one I guess. But you see? That's also keeping the distance. If the food seller allowed to keep his distance by putting the food on the floor, why am I not allowed to keep my distance at all times too? Do I have to be selling food to be allowed to keep my distance from hcps without being judged? Just because your job is hard, it doesn't mean you can start exhibiting asshole, inconsiderate behavior towards others. This is not where you teach treat others how you would like to be treated. If I were a hcp and had a high chance of being infected I would avoid public places and especially food stalls where loads of people come into contact with everyday. I would be scared, but I would still be considerate. I'll treat patients because that is my job, but not expect the public to treat me normally because it's not their job, or in other words, they're not obliged to.
You aren't strawberry for not wanting to be talked down to. Don't get me wrong, respect is earned but everyone deserves a chance to earn it. Talking down to a stranger based on arbitrary things like school in my mind is no different than pulling out some other arbitrary thing. Like race. Or sex. in my opinion, disgusting.
You basically just learned humility a difficult and shocking concept upon first encounter. Welcome to our sad reality, this view becomes even more destitute with age. Not saying your feelings are invalid but elitism exists everywhere. What do you think creates and propagates social inequality? I'm glad you realised this early. I've always believed that after secondary school, every single student should be given a part-time job as service staff front or backend . While empathy cannot be taught, I think this may be a good way to start instilling the understanding of them earning their keep, as well as being in others' shoes.
You can also see videos of how British cops deal with unstable knife wielding psychos just by using CS and truncheons. Shooting this guy was reasonable and totally justified, I agree, but it would've probably also been possible to subdue him without needing to shoot.
You can always charge for things to be replaced. That's not to say all Indians will cause it, or all non Indians will not cause it. In fact the deposit is present for these things, landlord has the discretion to deduct what they want as long as its defined in the agreement earlier.
you can always rely people on the sub to have some of the most toxic, immature takes on almost anything - so if they're already showing their immaturity on game-related topics, imagine how shitty it is whenever it involves things like esports drama, racism the daryl incident , sexual harassment the metoo stuff from 2 years back and now this. I just temporarily unsub whenever they're up in arms over something not related to the core game
You can be diverse but only exclude only one group. Diverse doesn't mean accept everybody , it just means accepting a wide range. You can be out of that range. I diversify my portfolio, but that doesn't mean I'm gonna buy some junk NFTs.
You can be diverse but only exclude only one group. Diverse doesn't mean accept everybody, it just means accepting a wide range. You can be out of that range. I diversify my portfolio, but that doesn't mean I'm gonna buy some junk NFTs.
You can bet your bottom dollar they would forever be against live streaming. He should apologise in Parliament not by phone call or a Facebook post. I wonder what this elitist speaker would do at the next session. I sure Miss Vivian or sorry Mr Vivian won't apologise in Parliament for his ungentlemanly remarks in Parliament. Most of them are of this kind of caliber, elitist who think they are always right and others who disagree with them are illiterate or wrong.
You can do both? Go gym, eat McDonald's afterwards. Don't have to feel guilty, since everybody is doing it.
You can follow them on social media and see if they contribute to the community. For them to do more, you should vote for them first.
You can hate the government all you want but saying Singapore's infrastructure is third world is a biiiiig stretch.
You can live a TT-free life if you wish. Its not illegal to do so. You just cannot legally do a lot of things.
You can only outsmart him. Tell him hey! What's that behind you? When he looks back you run.
You can present or interpret data in many ways. Proportion who died 1x vaccinated Proportion unvaccinated 0 20+10+4+6 60 So 40% died with at least 1 vac, and 60% died fully unvaxxed. Is this interpretation correct?
you can protest against the government but only for a bit because we don't like it - Ministry of Education, basically
You can search Aware saga podcast on Spotify, or if you don't have Spotify you can just Google it and it'll bring you to the aware page where you can listen to it too
You can see the same thing for YT. Look at any comment section of a CNA or Straits times video and its just complaining and toxicity.
You can start making silver jewellery by buying some files, silver, jewellery rouge and silver solder from riogrande. Then get blowtorch from pasar malam, borax flux from Carousell and start crafting.
you can still go to malls, attractions and libraries. So it is not a FULL circuit breaker
You can try the demo now actually! The Steam Fest runs from 21st Feb to 28 Feb, so the demo will be available throughout that period as well
You can't encourage heterosexuality. people who say this are precisely the reason why Singapore is so backwards
You can't get HRT till you are 17 and you need parental consent if you're 21 . The restrictions for serious are even stricter. Why are there so many people making these disingenuous posts about children getting those procedures when it literally does not happen?
You clearly lack perspective. You think dining in with family friends and group of five, visiting your friends or family at home in small groups, watching the movies in cinema, VTLs are still very strict? Well can't you see that healthcare workers don't even get to enjoy these little things you take for granted? We are all frustrated how we're lacking behind in loosening restrictions, duh! But way to invalidate the frustrations of some who don't even have a chance to enjoy the little things that we are allowed to do. Take your frustration in the other thread discussing the loosening of restrictions instead.
You could assume the food court part is true, but there's no reason for the guy to sleep in his ambulance for 4 days.
You could now make a bet on what will go first, covid restrictions or traceforever or 377A Oops, betting is also illegal, so do not make any bets!
You decided to change your gender which then makes this marriage void in Singapore since we do not recognize same-sex marriage. Where does the law state this? This you MUST remain as a male or female argument is one that ROM loves to use while simultaneously being unable to provide a single legal statue which corroborates their claims. If they are so confident in their claims then surely the least they can do after irreparably destroying my life is to convince me that they acted within the confines of the law. As a matter of fact the only reference my legal team and I were able to locate with any remote relevance to our case was that gender is defined during the time of marriage and there is absolutely no reference to what happens when gender changes after marriage. We had actually attempted to bring ROM to court over this matter and the Justice presiding over our case believed that we had a sufficiently proven that we had a case to bring forward to allow us to proceed. Unfortunately we were simultaneously denied anonymity despite the medical sensitivity surrounding my transition and the fact that making our names public had absolutely zero relevance to the case itself and when the inevitable happened The Straits Times published our names in full against our will we decided that this wasn't a fight worth fighting anymore since there was a very real risk that any further documents requested from us by the AGC would become public even documents of medical nature. Ultimately my lawyers were aware right from the beginning that privacy was and still is my top priority. Ultimately all these technicalities are immaterial in the grand scheme of things because it all boils down to bigotry and intolerance. If marriage equality was a thing then none of this would have ever happened. And at the end of the day Singaporeans have made it clear that they're fine with denying others same and equal rights and benefits that they themselves are so keen on selfishly enjoying. The fact is that we in the LGBT community are not asking for more rights or privileges, we are asking for EQUAL rights or privileges.
You did a pretty good job on the Merlion's swimming form - thicc, but no more clunky than a walrus or manatee.
you didn't say that they thought about the issue, weighed the pros and cons, and ultimately decided cutting costs in the short term was more important than long term reliability. what you said was nobody claims to have the kind foresight needed to prepare for this kind of scenario. meaning that the thought didn't even cross their mind. anyone can give excuses for why they can't do a job. even random people on the internet like yourself can do it. no need to pay a seven figure salary. when supply chains are disrupted, CEOs don't shrug their shoulders and say too bad, the consumer is to blame for not wanting to pay more . they fix the problem. maybe they succeed, maybe they fail. meanwhile apparently it is beyond our ministers' capabilities to even realize that a problem exists because nobody can have that kind of foresight , right.
you didn't say that they thought about the issue, weighed the pros and cons, and ultimately decided cutting costs in the short term was more important than long term reliability. You are just arguing semantics for the sake of it. Clearly you don't want to have any real discussion, you just want people to agree with your rhetoric by bringing up the most off tangent arguments that make no sense when supply chains are disrupted, CEOs don't shrug their shoulders and say too bad, the consumer is to blame for not wanting to pay more . they fix the problem. this is written by someone who is taking the business mod in polytechnic for the 1st time and it pretty much tells me all I need to know about where this is going. Good day
You do know that businesses need time to adjust? They can't just suddenly make everyone change n plan immediately. For example All the processes involved in certain businesses which have advanced booking for 8 pax for- all these need time for administrative adjustments. Heck, even schedules for employees hired at gyms etc. That needs time for arrangements. What kind of clusterfuck would be created for businesses if it's so sudden?
You do know that you can put it into the contract what cannot be done in your property as well as clause to make good any deterioration in condition right? That's legal and fair. But to discriminate based on race sounds somewhat unconstitutional.
You do know the current Ukraine president is an actor , comedian and a showman right.
You do know we already mandate measles and diphtheria vaccine right. Has the government somehow gotten stupider and more useless since Lee Kuan Yew time?
you do know what whatever russia did now is precisely why we have nato right? dont want to get villianized? dont do things that will get you villianized like be aggressive to others. though of course many would also argue against that gee i wonder fucking why
You do realise that the former still demands death of apostates and in some cases non-believers right? What does that tell you?
You do realize, if you live in a different culture, you cant except to be accepted. How hard is it to understand. It is sad, but its not going to change any time soon. I hope you will do well in life and find your peace.
You do you, sis. There is stuff in the Quran that I can't reconcile with, I'll be honest. But it was just such a relief when I read through it and found that even the Quran says to not follow anything outside it a.k.a hadith.
You don't HAVE to do anything. If you want to be polite that's on you but don't impose your standards on me.
You don't have to feel sorry. It's still a job and there are honest salespeople who don't resort to dirty tactics. So the least you should do is decline respectfully yet FIRMLY.
You don't have to speak proper english to raise concerns and opinions. Anyways, set you house in order first before critiquing others, Chan Chun Sing too doesn't have good spoken english personal observation from parliament seatings + leaked audio etc and the cotton comes from sheep blunder. Come on VB you can do better than this
You don't have to value other people's opinion of you higher than your own opinion of yourself.
You don't take off you mask in malls either only in restaurants . Masks aren't a sliver bullet to covid and it doesn't spread through just your nose and mouth. Public transport has way more surface touchpoints than malls. Indubitably higher exposure in public transport.
You don't take off you mask in malls either only in restaurants . people are allowed to take off their masks to consume food and drink. Personally, I see many people eat their OCK and sip their BBT while walking around malls.
you don't understand what I mean by holding ground. if you send a unit through a country, and they move forward at great speed with great success, who holds the ground in it's wake? ideally, another unit that follows right after it, which can annihilate the surviving forces, over and over, like an MRT train following another. that was the theory behind blitzkrieg. Russia tried the same but failed miserably. it does not have that capability, in terms of organisation, resources, or competence. their supply lines are being harassed and broken. they are not successfully wiping out survivors, allowing them to retreat and harass or fight again. Russia can use all the artillery they want. but great civilian casualties will mean that their real plan - installation of a puppet regime - will almost certainly fail due to massive and ingrained outrage. in a sense they themselves seem to finally understand that a swift and painless for both Russia and Ukraine decapitation strike has completely failed. so the strategy is shifting.
You don't understand. Lily Neo was saying $5 a day for food is not enough, because even the cheapest meal is $2.50. VB is trying to say $5 a day for three meals is enough. If he increases it to $7.50, he is letting the PA recipient eat in a restaurant. One of the most ridiculous comments I have ever heard.
You dont have to fight tho You can just press the emergency button located at every train door, it's discrete but also small enough that you can press it stealthily. It summons some station staff and unlucky SPF NSFs happen to be around
You end up writing a lot but none of which really applies to Russia-Ukraine. Suggest you brush up on international affairs. edit Spelling
You find your own meaning in life. If you cared so much about how other people live, how others see you, that's on you, not your environment. There's more to Singapore than just money.
You first day born in Singapore ar ? They so old liao , go be canon fodder ar ?
You flair it as a serious discussion but I really cannot take your question seriously. Lee Hsien Loong is already 70, do you expect him to really fight along side us? You expect him to dig trench and fire a machine gun? Plus he has health problems. And as for Halimah, are you even serious?
you for real? and who do you think kids learn it from? their parents or teachers play a huge role in influencing their casual or subtle racism even if they are young. you're missing the point here. OP isn't directing her anger at the kids but rather saying that, that's how bad racism actually is in Singapore. that innocent young kids think it is okay to make fun of a race and they were never corrected or told it was wrong by the elders.
You forget that the people you mention are looking at screens with blue light all day and all night
You from happyland and dunno defensive parents won't browse here - - or But jokes aside, yeah the stigma of elitism is pretty rooted in our culture. I want to say it's a side effect of this emphasis on pure meritocracy but honestly it's just those luckier being dicks. In my head even being intelligent enough to perform and do well and having the will power is itself a gift. No point comparing something like that when the background of everyone is so different
You get beaten these days because of 2 things. Either you have no mask, or you have no badge.
you get new voices in parliament and still keep your lift upgrades! waow! edit but pls b willing to sacrifice lift upgrades for the sake of more opposition representation in parliament next ge if that what you want ya
You get sex ed from science class? We Technical stream only get sex ed from porn .
You get the WP MP + People's Action Party Grassroots Advisor , so you still win! That's if you're in Sengkang la
You got a condo at $820 per month without landlord? Is it a common room? And was the contract signed recently? Was looking around lately, a HDB common room costs around $800-1000 so I'm wondering which region your condo is situated in.
you got a source for Lee Kuan Yew's position? Malaysia is so self-consumed by its own racial, religious tensions and corruption that it doesn't care about anything else at all. Its like a country going in circles.
You got all this from mainstream media, and now you just repeat it to others. Any critical thinking applied to all these info? A hint when government start to invite 5 12 yo to jab, did you realize suddenly there's more news about young people caught covid?
You got money you don't rly have the time to raise your kid also. Have to resort to childcare and maids.
You got to find a happy medium for yourself. Singapore has a bunch of people. Different people have different opinions. You cannot please everyone. As much as there are racist in Singapore, they are also people who appreciate you for who you are. Sounds like the environment you are in is toxic and immature. Ignore them. Seriously. You are who you are, and you make your own choices on what you want to do. If you think being Indian is more important than being sociable, then do it. Fuck those shitty acquaintances. If you think being sociable is more important, than you made your choice to sacrifice your Indian side for it. Should you have to make these choices? Yes, because such choices are necessary when you are powerless. The only way to not have to make a choice is to become powerful, and change the society you are in to fit the society you want to live in. They are numerous stories of people who formed organizations or campaigned or fought for the ability to change, and changed society because of it.
You gotta give the banter back. It's a fine line between an angry minority and someone who can dish it back though. The trick is humor. It's quite unfortunate that this is the only option you have, but until people and society change, that's something you gotta do.
you guys already have a sort of representative democracy right? Sort of. In the sense that elections are held every term and the political parties have to stand for election and be re-voted in. However, due to the odds being stacked against opposition parties, such as in the form of biased coverage on mainstream media, realistically election has been a non-issue for the incumbent People's Action Party Peoples' Action Party , other than a couple of staunch WP Workers' Party wards. A very large majority of the population think older generation consumes only the state-controlled mainstream media, so you can see how the incumbent would be able to steer the narrative. The cycle continues where the lack of experience of the opposition parties is constantly being played up, casting doubt on their ability to participate in the governing of Singapore towards continued growth and prosperity which no doubt we have experienced under the incumbent's lead since Singapore's independence , and denying further opportunity for opposition parties to gain said experience. So you could say we technically are a democracy because we vote for our politicians, but when the options are not always presented fair and frankly, some opposition parties have had rather weak offerings , it is but an illusion of choice. As for the issue of gerrymandering, I invite you to refer to this map Over the past few elections, entire housing estates have found themselves suddenly associated with a GRC Group Representation Constituency nowhere relevant to their street address. New GRC's and SMC's Single Member Constituency have been drawn up, some smack in the middle of an existing GRC which begs the question of why they need separate representation , essentially diluting the oppositions' ability to contest since they are more limited in strength, as well as possibly distributing areas with strong opposition leanings to ensure the incumbents' continued success in those areas. This in turn allows the incumbent to bring in even more members to parliament.
You guys are missing the whole point of this question and taking it at face value. It's not about them putting on SBOs or holding rifles. It's a broader question of whether our current ruling elites will have the same mindset of I'm going down with this ship like the Titanic captain like Lee Kuan Yew definitely would , be it well hidden in a bunker under fort canning or tengah, or will they say fuck it i have enough assets in US or EU and leave us to man the fort and buy them time to escape.
you guys are the ones defending a person saying no indians , talking about oh it's because of the spices etc etc get that fucking bullshit out of here
You have a good heart and have a superior education in the one area that matters how you were educated in your home.
You have basically two choices, either you go through the grind in public healthcare then head to private after carving your name because no private group will hire a fresh junior doctor unless you have connection I believe they can get hired as resident physicians in private hospitals or groups, like parkway, Raffles etc. Which is a much better life than slogging it out as a Senior Reg in the public tertiary hospitals. Their private sector options also increase with GDFM and MMED FM.
You have basically two choices, either you go through the grind in public healthcare then head to private after carving your name because no private group will hire a fresh junior doctor unless you have connection OR You open your own clinic after completing your bond, provided you come from a affluent family. Have a doctor friend who told me about the woes of being a doctor here. One thing's for certain, it ain't all sunshine and rainbows
You have been given a great opportunity to learn how to treat people. The people who talk down to you based on where their kid goes to school is so laughable that you really shouldn't let it bother you. Nothing they do or that their kid does will affect your life. Kill them with kindness. Also for a little fun, you could always counter with oh! I went there, too! And really play with their heads.
You have brought up many valid points I agree with. Out of curiosity, what do you think would be the correct response from Russia?
You have completely missed the point. You think the ships only sail through? Singapore has the world's busiest container port. The trade that comes through this area forms part of the global supply chain. These ships dock in Singapore. They refuel in Singapore. They carry out operations in Singapore. We handle about half the WORLD'S annual supply of crude oil. Any threat to Singapore is a threat to global operations of corporations and countries. According to free market advocates, the free market will find a way. Price will go up and down but that is just a mechanism for the market to most efficiently allocate limited resources. Blood and treasures to help out Singapore in combat worth something , too. Failing that, Central Banks will step in to ensure that the financial market and stock price looks good. I'm not worried for the corporations. I'm talking about Malaysia and Indonesia, the two countries that would stand to gain the most from attacking us and taking over Singapore geographically. Please read up more about the geopolitics of Singapore before commenting about something I'm not sure you understand. You are rationalising war from the standpoints of rational people thinking that wars should be fought rationally for rational gains. Most wars are fought out of stupidity, pointless pride, face, and nationalism. Let's say for totally crazy reasons, someone fire enough rocket artillery to destroy a lot or most of Singapore's ports and refineries. They can walk away saying I win because they destroy more of Singapore than Singapore can destroy back. On the other hand, Singapore say that the only goal of defending Singapore is to prevent invasion and take over, so by default, if the attacker goes away, Singapore wins, despite the city remains a smouldering ruin.
You have every right to be angry. Every time the subject of racism becomes the big talking point of the moment eg. the blackface incident, or that time someone made a post about racial discrimination and microaggression in Singapore , we are told repeatedly by people much like you that they are exhausted with not only having to deal with the very common instances of racism, but also with struggling to be taken seriously and to be empathised with. Yet, we collectively do not get it that things are as bad as you all try to tell us. I always see lots of hand-waving away, lots of minimising of minority experiences. I even see outright rejection or denial. As a Chinese person, it is tiring enough to read - I cannot imagine how absolutely frustrating and upsetting it is for you. We have indeed failed to make progress for many years. You absolutely do not deserve to have to fight so hard. I am sorry that it has come to this for you and many others. I don't know how to bring you comfort, and you may not even want that from me - I understand. I am sorry and while I know there are people out there doing their best to change things, I regret that I am at a loss for how effective change can happen given the historical data.
You have older people believing in the name of the party rather than it's individuals. It no longer has the same fire and forward-looking vision that our leaders once had for the country. They're replaced by leaders that are happy with the status quo and keeping it that way because it worked for the past 5 decades.
You have to look at the rulings made by the clerics that are in the sect you believe in. If you are Muslim, for example, you will ask your imam, who would consult the given set of rulings by the jurisprudence and tell you what the consensus is.
You have to search for Lieutenant Radchenko instead of just Radchenko to get what these 2 old foggies are saying.
You have to wait, she's not smart you know. Utter illogical statements like these, you know that they are retards beyond comprehension.
you having the mindset of dismissing a person's problems just because they didn't suffer as much as your brothers doesn't help with anything. you should never ever try to compare what a person suffers and make it a competition of who suffered more. everyone responds differently to the same thing, hit someone on the shoulder, someone might feel almost nothing but someone else might feel actual pain just because that's how they are. either way, both feelings are valid. you don't realise how badly it can fuck up a person's mental health if you do that to someone you care about, and with how you're so blas about it i'm pretty sure you've done it before. it's one of the reasons why so many people keep quiet about their problems like OP unless given a platform to freely express themselves without fear of being directly targeted in real life. i sincerely hope you work to improve that mindset of yours as it'll ruin a lot of your friendships and relationships in the long run. edit nvm briefly read your other comments you're just straight up either racist or insensitive. i hope you have a pleasant life, i'll never wish ill on someone else even if i don't agree with their beliefs.
You hit the nail on the head exactly. Before i enrolled having heard almost nothing of the school besides its top 10 ranking in the papers , my mum actually overheard an auntie in the bookstore commenting that the school was stressful. But foolhardy me went on to choose the school anyway. Was considering transferring out at secondary 3, but stayed on for better or worse. I suppose the kids these days have more slightly more fun, if instagram is anything to go by? And there's also the option to exit the ip at anytime, grades be damned la srsly
You hurt either ways. Either with sore muscles and potentially injuring yourself with bad form and or greed for more weights. Or you eventually feel the hurt when your heart is struggling to pump blood throughout your body and even breathing seems go be a struggle.
You joke now but ever since i've started listening to Xi's speeches, my back pain has gone away and my broken home appliaces repair themselves.
You just going to learn many people in this world are assholes. Can't really do much about it but forget them and move forward.
you just got to learn to say no. its really not hard, just care less of what other people think. edit if you dont want to say no, just stare ahead and walk straight. ignore any conversation. they will usually walk off.
you just said 'everyone is entitled to their own views' and here you are lecturing me. And what part of displacing millions of ukrainians and killing thousands more isn't morally wrong? You don't need to be 'holier-than-thou' to know that, its basic HUMANITY. Not only that, what Putin has done has reduced Russian economy to absolute shit due to all the western sanctions, affecting his OWN people's livelihood. The common russian people are suffering due to 1 man's greed, and it isn't even their fault. GTFO if u think any of this is right, disgusting
You just saw solid proof why nobody wanted to help, look at what everyone did, they just ran away. Whomever was the person who took the video and put it up on the internet was one of the 'brave' ones. The other called the cops or SMRT staff.
You just wasted your time writing that nonsense, I stopped reading after you claim you think I'm anti LGBT because it would be a total waste of my time to do so. I'm not against lgbt in fact I support the repeal of 377a Can look up my history in Reddit on the topic, I've been very consistent. I don't support everything the LGBT community is pushing but I do support their stand on being able to be with the people they want and fighting discrimination I post that because I'm against stupidity and stupid stunts like this that is ultimately counterproductive to the cause Sure some people supporting the cause might think omfg someone is speaking out for me. Great For the rest of the normal people, they'd see the community as some fringe troublemaker. What you need is the support of the greater community at large NOT people who already support such acts If you really want to see change you should be joining me in calling stupid people out
You know enough to attempt and fail! Most people don't have the hip mobility for some on those knees, and dropping 12-6 elbows is pretty insintual but the way he moves the resp of his body isn't, he's trained some of those moves and probably pretty thoroughly
You know many cases where the vaccine caused death? But MOH refuses to acknowledge it? So. How did you heard about them? From which social network starting with F do you get your information?
You know something's off when MPs, who are over 50, act like 13 year olds, that someone's education actually defines them.
You know what's more ironic? We actually had an assembly time discussing about LGBTQ+ and they mentioned that if we ever need help, we can confide in our teachers if we're having a hard time and they'll be there to help. Unfortunately, I did just that but I got the opposite of help. Regardless of what parts we have, we're still people. So I don't understand their mindset as well from treating trans students any less than they are
You know what's the result? We are already talking about boosters - who's gonna wanna get one after going through this false promise BS?
You know what, you do you . You wanna risk yourself? Sure, go ahead. Your life, your choice.
You know why? Because government hasn't legislate it. Since it's just guidelines, that means can don't follow if there are no rules saying I must what right? Unless the government starts fining companies for insisting on MC, no one will care.
You know, after what everyone has been saying about this school. No wonder such thing happened. Like a bomb man.
You know, I wonder about the following. The AG's position is, they will not actively investigate 377A violations. However, what if some brave person were to simply turn themselves in at a police station for violating this law? Hello officer, I have violated one of the laws of Singapore, I am turning myself in to the appropriate authorities, I would like the justice system of Singapore to enforce its laws. Then what? They don't need to investigate you've openly and publicly admitted to the crime. The AG, it seems to me, would be in an uncomfortable position. Either they prosecute, and thus someone has standing to challenge 377A again, or they don't, in which case they're allowing open and flagrant violations of Singapore law. Who knows. Might be enough to force the issue to a head, if done cleverly and publicly.
You know, there were only 18 full ministers in Lee Hsien Loong's first cabinet. It has since grown 50% to 27 full ministers and additional ministers of state have grown as well, probably to help carry GRCs during elections. With Second Ministers in more places and more PMO ministers as well we can definitely afford to lose a couple
You live in Singapore, so you vote for Singapore. I'm sure you don't spend 100% of your life in Sengkang. Don't make the elections into a town council battle for estate upgrades.
You made this! Really great. Tourist board should pick this up 100%. Thanks for sharing.
You managed to turn Putin's land grab in Ukraine into a racist issue? How many mental contortions did that take?
You mean an inactivated virus vaccine based on the alpha variant that is near worthless against the delta variant?
You mean Anton Casey is Anthony S Casey is Anton Casey is Anthony Casey is Anton Casey ?! SAY IT LOUDER?
You mean don't play armchair analyst with 20-20 hindsight six months from now? Where's the fun in that? I am being sarcastic
You mean menstruation? Mensuration means measuring things. But okay when I taught bio, it was legit a good place to talk about these things. Simply because everything can be excused as understanding science better, got exam mah . Civics class no such thing
You mean the angry atheist stereotype type that's propagated by religious fundamentalists themselves? That's projection and clearly it worked to deceive you. Why do you assume just because someone lacks a belief in an imaginary being they are selfish and arrogant? So if I say I believe in Tyr, Tymora, Sigmar or Slannesh I am suddenly more moral. of course not! Do you not see that these traits are even more commonplace in the highly religious? How they commit atrocities theocratic rule, crusades, burning people, lynching, conversation therapy, circumcision. and harbour criminals catholic church covering up paedophiles ? If one needs religion or a deity to keep himself or herself in line, then deep down he or she is not a good person. There's literally nothing else to atheism other than a lack of belief in a god or gods. No shitty rules and no dogma to impose on others. If religious folk would just stop pushing their beliefs onto everyone, athiests wouldn't have a problem with it.
You might be right. Personally feel that the school's mindset is like a relic from the past. Millennial here so I do not know if things have changed for the better. The whole chinese save face thing is so. lame i dont think i need to expound further, we get it
You most definitely are not stupid. But I Not Stupid actually. I dunno why I even bother sometimes.
You move closer to stop him, and if he says come closer and I'll whoop your ass , are you going to charge right in or use your basic combat skills from NS to 1v1 him? Not surprised there are people here who actually think that way. There are people who have false sense of confidence just because they served NS.
You must be daft if you think our government is afraid of being perceived as racist. Just look at Tan Wu Meng's minorities should stfu and be grateful post last year. edit The People's Action Party has openly come out against 'woke' culture, 'identity politics', and a bunch of other things SJWs are accused of doing. Yet when the People's Action Party does something wrong, it's not their fault, but the SJWs' fault. Come on brother. Just like earlier on in the epidemic when many victims were foreign workers due to the incompetence of our government and the dorm owners, but it was blamed on the foreign works themselves and their culture, you know the old dirty Indians or Banglas rhetoric.
You NEED to learn how to say no and stand up for yourself. Fuck being polite. If someone is making you uncomfortable, you're not obligated to be polite to them. I've literally had to use the exact words, fuck off on sales people at MRT stations before. If you don't stand up for yourself, no one will.
You need to learn how to say no. Be firm about your choices. Today it's storytel, tomorrow it could be some insurance agent, another day some shady MLM person. The list goes on. Say no.
You need to send police to check and make sure the peaceful protest still peaceful and no one take opportunities. I'm not saying that police cannot be present at protests to ensure violence does not break out. But that's not what police did here. Here, the police disrupted their protest by standing in front of them and blocking them, encouraged them to stop told them 30 minutes is enough , gave some the option to leave, and finally arrested those who remained. And anyway those who opted to leave were still called up by police after. Uncontrolled protest is a ticking time bomb, unproductive and it cost a lot. The thing is the government does not such control protests to protect citizens but rather prevents them from happening at all.
You never know. He might actually have the chops for a BG slot. But we'll never know because it's never going to come to that.
You obviously haven't met the stereotypical NS MO. They are probably one of the biggest POS you meet in your NS life.
You only need a bench and a set of dumbbells to work out the whole body.
You outline that there is no such thing as gender spectrum or being more than two genders. If we limit it to two genders only then, male and female, then what are your thoughts about people biologically male but identify as female? Its not really a spectrum, but like you said, just two genders, but they feel they belong on the wrong side. In the interests of open discussion, may I ask how you define gender roles? Many of the old gender roles like woman are housewives, men are breadwinners have been demolished recently, and I don't see a very distinct gender role being drawn in Singapore, aside from the ability to have a child. Sports competitions aside a topic for another time , why not just let them do what they want as long as they don't harm you or the public?
You questioned why someone would be there and implied their loyalty is questionable and I provided a valid response. He went there 2 weeks ago did anyone know the extent of it yet? Touch your heart say la if your friend was allowed to go she would have gone, you got question her so-called loyalty? . No one questioning about putting in more measures to restrict, you're the racist fucker implying their loyalty is questionable. Then now you switch track and argue some other stuff
You realized one truth - that there's only gap worth fighting is for is being rich or successful vs not rich or less successful. Notice that the rich don't care what race your are, just how useful are you to them and vice versa in business of making $$$. If you are rich, you also wont give a fuck about what racists think too busy making $ . And the poors see you have some coin, and any prejudice melts away. No one cares if you are a PRC if you pay for apartments in cash - for example. Fighting among races is stupid, it's just a way to keep the poors occupied on social media and what not with the new viral outrage of the day.
you really don't want to keep on working like that after you passed your mid 30s.
You really think the rest of Singapore will care enough and have the balls to march on the streets and riot to protest something? It has never happened here and will not be happening for a long time. Small peaceful protests hardly ever led to big violent protests, even overseas. They only evolve when demands are not met and peaceful protesters are persecuted or treated violently by authorities. Look at the protests around the world today - many are against social injustice and authoritarianism, and only grew bigger and sometimes violent in response to violence from the police or government. If you are truly concerned about your own safety, convenience and the economy, you should be more concerned about social injustices and authoritarian regimes stamping down on people's freedoms of speech and assenbly, because these are the actual things that lead to things spiraling out of control , not a handful of people holding signs peacefully.
You run like hell and make sure you're 1 in queue. But school only ran from 7.30AM to around 1.30pm so we don't have as long as a day as Singapore does.
You said it yourself - they are being insensitive. So are you really asking if it's okay to be insensitive?
You said it. The last few times I tried using them, I couldn't get the app to work. And this happened more than once. Wasn't like a one time thing. I think I struggled for months to register a payment method in the app.it kept trying to use PayPal or some online service and I remember they had introduced some in-app payment system for street hailed cabs which no driver had any idea how to use or at least pretended not to know .
You say like it's a problem. you are in their land not the other way around.
You say that but I've seen posts in this sub in the past about people complaining that the tenant did not want to rent AFTER finding out their race. in my opinion, it's better to state it outright to avoid wasting both time. The tenant can just look for other better offers.
You say that but religious indoctrination in families and theocractic rule in many countries continue to exist. Then there's the example of the government pandering to religious snowflakes by censoring media and outright banning movies or cartoons or performances.
You see OP, everyone in Singapore is equal. It's just that some are more equal than others.
You see? You see how bad things can go when ministers no longer cry in parliament and citizens no longer sing and clap near their window?
You seem to be obfuscating the point. Let me be clear NOBODY KEEPS THEIR MONEY IN INDONESIA, VIETNAM, MALAYSIA, et al. They keep it in LONDON, ZURICH, SINGAPORE, NEW YORK, CYPRUS, etc. Does anybody give a shit if Cambodia imposes sanctions on Russia? The fuck is that doing? Singapore should because it is one of the few places that actually matter in this case. You seem fixated on landmass, which figures not at all into the importance of a financial system and its role in propping up dictators and strongmen.
You seem to keep avoiding a key tenet - homosexuality is illegal. And if it's illegal, then Ministry of Education cannot partake in any form of education that abets the illegal act. We can go round in circles and it will still come back to this. Surrogacy and ALL sciences that allow homosexual couples to have children ultimately still depends on an egg from a female and a sperm from a male. It is still a heterogeneous union. If you know of a method of reproduction that involves only men or only women, please enlighten me and I will rest my case. Sorry to burst your bubble but LGBTQ is condoned, not accepted. If it is truly accepted, Section 377A would have been abolished. Go ahead and yes, look at us now.
You should always be respectful to everyone. Not just ministers. But when someone is straight up lying to your face, you can surely give him a little less respect.
You should be sick of it! Singapore should be your home and it's heartbreaking to hear this is how you've been treated in the country where you were born. Keep speaking out! There will always be idiots. But their time is over. Change will come but I know it's too slow. There are people on your side so stay strong and stay proud! Sending you love!
You should be staying at home for a different reason. covid community cases at an all time high
You should have replied oh sorry, I should have realised you needed extra help because you can't seem to read the sign that says 'customer service'
You should have taken a stand to tell this religious nutcase to shut his fucking preaching up. You are an enabler by letting him do whatever the fuck he wants, simple as that
You should see if there are any in the ones beside. So they can attack first to defend themselves I am being sarcastic
you should see the horror of a&e department. medical students flocking around from patients to patients as if they are in a living exhibition. I'd seen students, kept questioning the patients despite prior questioning has already been done by the trauma doctors. I believed the students just wanna act as if they were doing something in the eyes of the current docs. Poor patients who were already in pain and have to entertain these kiddy docs to be. no wonder patients are often frustrated and not cooperative to instructions pls have a thought to the nurses in the a&e . I also seen a medical student abandoning his task at hand inserting IV cannula to a old lady just because the case next to the lady was more interesting . again have to let the a&e nurses to finish the job really felt bad for you, working with a bunch of a-hole students.
You speak of as though as it is one entity with a single mind when in fact it is made up of many anonymous individuals of varied backgrounds who log on to reddit to kill some time.
You tell your peers to straighten up and stop guffing over the small stuff. Get a job work hard and see the scale of life expand. You are doing well at your age, just influence your friends.
You think I'm from India? Get your head out of your ass I'm fucking 4th gen singaporean chinese.
You think Singapore housing is terrible because, to be honest no offence, you are like most Singaporeans extremely pampered. As long as you have a job with your spouse, your cpf basically covers your monthly installment for your housing without needing you to fork a single cent of cash. Also there are grants for first time owners that can mitigate 100% of your downpayment. Shit you pay 'nothing' for your housing except renovation.
You think that we have very little training but what you said basically sums up how life is like in the military virtually everywhere unless you're in some very special unit. We have rush to wait, wait to rush while the Americans call it hurry up and wait . We do area cleaning while the Americans perform area beautification and Taiwanese complain about how they spend most of their time in military sweeping or mowing the lawn. Our neighbors from what I know aren't doing very much at all.
You think the people who make these policies give a fuck about whether a non-hetereosexual child kills themselves? No. They even go so far as to spin that shit and blame the victim -- Joe saw the Devil's taint on his soul after he kissed a fellow male student, and that drove him to purge the sin through the taking of his own life. He's better for it, and wity God now. Proclaiming this as harmful to the audience they want to harm is rewarding and won't change their perspectives. We just have to keep fighting this type of bullshit and continue to educate and open the minds of those we can. Slowly, the ideals of the archaic white Christian are dying. Progressive and sensible politics are happening more and more, it's just taking time to get us there.
You think too much. This is what happens when your school or whatever forces you to be part of the NDP. I was an fulltime national serviceman that had to participate. Rehearsals suck BIG time. Such a waste of time. Lucky for him he is a kid so there's pretty much nothing nobody can do.
You want me to risk my life so that u feel happier? You should be more understanding that people are more wary of u because there is a risk, even if it's small it's huge actually since u work in healthcare . As hard as it sounds, you can't expect people to act normal around you especially if you're on the literal frontline, with the highest chance of exposure compared to everyone else. edit added one word I like how no one has a valid argument against this so they just downvote u in anger.
You want to go home or you want to try taser a knife wielding assailant that is actively running at you? Also note you're already way too close to someone wielding a knife less than 6m . If that guy really tried, the policeman would probably have suffered injuries.
You want to kill a animal beneficial to the environment minding its own business for what sia
You want to put YOUR wishlist as law You do not want what YOU do not like Yes. wanna know which person likes to think like you do? Good ol China Hiding behind the expression of we the people to enforce your own dream
You watching too much designated survivor . But for reals, yes. I actually am on hsk, but i can see why hsk is pm elect. He's the acceptable face, not too offensive to oppo supporters. Joteo and Chan Chun Sing are too unpopular even with swing voters, Lawrence doesn't quite have the Mandarin skills imho and his qualifications are nothing spectacular not an issue to me but some singaproeans may take issue with this . Tan Chuan Jin obviously sidelined long ago and Ong Ye Kung hasn't done enough to prove himself worthy. 4g is dearth of proper political heavyweights that are super likeable.
You watching too much designated survivor . This isn't fantasy - it has happened to Poland before am on hsk, but i can see why hsk is pm elect. He's the acceptable face, not too offensive to oppo supporters. The bigger problem lies in the fact that we have to settle for someone whom most feel is and is better off doing his thing in the background.
You went to the intensive care unit did you mean a&e? because of a very high suicide risk ? All the medical care you got was probably a chair and some overworked, harried nurse coming in and checking on you from time to time. I think you should have just gone to a public place and sat down in a nice open area. That's worked for me in the past. There are people who need treatment they can't get elsewhere. Don't add on to the healthcare workers' burden unnecessarily.
You were judging the moment you said have you seen sth sth . I'm not here to start a fight but it's incredibly hurtful to see people avoiding China tourists all together or to even mock them in public online and in real life.
You were not brought into this world to conform to others. I'm a Filipino, and I've been on the receiving end of endless horrible remarks about my culture. I've acknowledged now that my very existence as a Filipino and Filipino-ness will piss people off, and the best thing I can do for myself is be who I am. If that shakes the table, gets people angry, at least I never did anything wrong but be myself. You have a lot of unlearning and healing to do because of the racism you've experienced. Trust me I understand. But a simple thing to do is do the reverse of what you feel like you have to do. Every time I see someone talk shit about my cuisine, I make a dish from it to remind myself of how delusional they are, rather than stop cooking it altogether. If I see a racist incident in regards to my language, I take a moment to learn more about my own and see the beauty in it. Believe me, I see the younger generation starting to be more mobilised than ever before in regards to taking action against racism and systemic racism in our country. people here will probably call them woke SJWs but they've done more than anyone who craps on them ever will. Stay strong. And never lose yourself because it's all you have. Assimilating may help for a time, but in mine and many other experiences, they will never see you as one of them, you will always be different because that's who you are and that's okay.
You will be surprise how many people in other places online asking for sanctions to hit the ordinary Russians for not pulling a January Sixth on the Kremlin. To them if you do nothing you're guilty by association. I follow a few content creators online that have to voice out how they don't support the whole invasion but still get hate messages on why are you doing nothing . Too many are just looking for a way to feel good about themselves by attacking those within their reach, ignoring how they don't have as much power, especially when SWIFT cancellation kicks off, these people as well would lose all their revenue source.
You will get used to it. I also have a problem with nausea playing FPS when there is a lot of movement. But watching more Jamus debates maybe this one on repeat , the brain will automatically correct itself.
you wont get 10 years for assaulting someone.maybe if he did that to Lee Hsien Loong.but he'll probably get strokes
You would be likely to hear very similar stories from any predominately Chinese or Confucian society. At the risk of being overly historically and culturally reductionist, much of this attitude can be traced back to the Imperial Examination System of China. Unique in its time, this was a essentially unbiased testing system that allowed male people of merit - regardless of family line - to attain positions of political influence and power. Of course, the economic and political elite were still favored due to better education and test prep. So, there was an essentially positive educational and social system - in which anyone, in theory, could improve their position through study - that has been warped over thousands of years into hyper-competitiveness and, frankly, idiocy that cares not for what students actually learn, but rather their ranking compared to others.
You would have an exemption as a recovered person but I think by then you would get your second dose as well?
you'd be fucking AMAZED at how many selfish old people there are in Singapore. I think they actually make a large majority of old people here
You'd be surprised by how many people try to run their companies as if they were NS commanders. It's like civilian conversion has no effect at all.
You'd have to live in a lawless anarchy to be desensitized enough to violence to be able to act properly in a situation like this. This is literally movie shit for real.
You'll be surprised how things are worst in other countries. When you look at other countries you might think that you are still lucky to be in Singapore.
You'll be surprised, but some younger people are not taking the vaccine also. Government has to come down hard and use the stick by segregating non-vaccinated and vaccinated at some point.
You'll get over the bitterness because it's just the parents, I haven't met too many self-absorbed elitist snobs during my school days they exist, but are in the minority . Some of these helicopter parents validate their raison d'etre by their offspring's academic achievements, as if the glory belongs to them. I guess you'll have to grin and bear it service roles aren't fun because Singaporeans live such meaningless existences they derive joy by insulting service sector workers. They've obviously never heard of the mantra You can't demand a service while simultaneously demeaning those who provide it to you . I came from a neighbourhood background, lucked my way into a top high school, imposter-ed my way into the affliated JC, still managed to disappoint everyone and for me. I just get very bemused when people react to finding out where I spent my high school days skiving off because to them it represents a distant ivory tower like Camelot and also that I don't suit the image of success my alma mater exudes , while for me it was just a place where I made decent teenage memories like everyone else. Parents did use that as a point of pride for the first few months when I studied there, but toned it down after that they realized that I'm the same lazy hoodlum who will continue to disappoint their unrealistic expectations. Point is, labels are labels, but people are diverse and different like how the Chinese saying goes The same grain feeds a hundred different kinds of men . Don't let yourself be absorbed into this meaningless academic dick measuring contest, and ignore it when they're trying to figuratively rub it in your face. There's always someone or their child who is smarter, wealthier, more athletic, more successful. Beat them at one virtue they don't have - humility. Live your teenage years to the fullest, don't let the small mindedness of cynical, jaded adults take that away from you. Explore the world and talk to well-informed, well-travelled, interesting people. Talk to the Wall-Street-trader-turned-organic-zero-waste-farmer. Talk to the former-professor-of-history-at-Yale-turned-vinyl-cafe or pub-owner. Talk to the entrepreneur who struggled in a single income family and overcame a checkered past. Talk to the old man below your void deck over a round of chess and ask about his experience as the first chief editor of what became Zao Bao. If you detest adults and their ugliness, fight the inclination and be the change you wanted to see. Cheers!
You'll have to ask East Coast residents. Perhaps she's been working the ground there. Continued making comments on policy and WPs platform. There's a good chunk of WPs success that must be attributed to grassroots movements that I don't feel completely qualified to comment on since I don't live in an area that sees those grassroots very often smack between a school, expressway and another major road in a small estate
You're a little mistaken. Assholes will always be assholes. There are poor assholes, there are rich assholes There are stupid assholes, there are Genius assholes. It's rather unfortunate that you're having to experience these people and their bias. But you'll see the same thing on the other end of the spectrum. Homeless people are as much assholes to rich people as much as they are assholes to their peers. The condition of being an asshole does not discriminate. It's just a little more prominent when the asshole has a bigger stick then you. Good luck. The world is full of terrible people.
you're almost right. You've got the general direction! One of the best things about Singapore is thinking that everything has been shot but when you find hidden gems like this photo it makes you re-evaluate everything you think you know
You're Chinese you should know how it feels to be discriminated against. Anywhere outside Singapore and China youll face the same thing I do, maybe even worse with China's recent political actions. So why the fuck are so many people still like this. This.but i guess most chinese folks are either oblivious to that or that they choose to ignore it even if they know.but let me remind you that this does not just happens in singapore, i've read a post about an indian girl living in US that did the exact same thing as you eg. shaving and stopped bringing Indian food to class so that she can fit in, but still one day, she was told by her crush that he don't find people of her kind attractive.which absolutely destroyed her, but in the end as she grew older, she has learnt to accept herself and not let the opinions of others affect her.i know this might sound kinda cheesy but yeah.self-hate is bad.
You're comparing apples and oranges here Russians are the aggressor invading Ukraine. The conscripts were given false information and probably had limited or no access to the Internet to know of the world state Ukrainians are defending their home. They love their home so much to the point civis are taking up in arms to defend it. If Singapore were to invade, our conscripts would definitely be in-the-know about it and go awol. Defending, I'm sure all of those with family here would do it
You're missing the point, my friend. The point is not about race. It's about apostasy. It's just more pronounced to Malays because they are assumed to be of a certain religion.
You're more likely to feel it if you're sitting still ish I think! My mum who was walking about the house didn't feel it. Neither did my brother nor BF feel it - both were seated but shaking leg
You're more optimistic than me my friend. The amount of idiocy in today's society is outrageous and I wouldn't put anything past the stupidity of people. That includes a cure for cancer
you're not alone, many in the queer community outside Singapore also feel this sense of catching up on lost youth or adolescence
You're not alone. So, so many of us are just completely fed up and tired and pissed off. We're in this boat together, stranger. Just hold on a little bit longer. Just imagine how damn good it will be when we can do all the things we are being held back from doing now. It will feel even sweeter.
you're not wrong but many Russian soldiers were told they were going on a training exercise and were hilariously surprised when they were shot at with live rounds. I don't think you can accuse them of consenting to war when they literally had no idea they were going to war. that's why so many units are surrendering or self sabotaging to go home. I think it's important to create good incentives for them to surrender eg asylum in Poland or even Ukraine. who wants to surrender and go back home to face the wrath of Putin?
You're not wrong, think he was a little off. Yeah, abang was solid I wasn't offended, I was more curious as to what he was going to prothelytize
You're only looking at 1 row of seats. How do you know people on other rows or carriages haven't already pressed the button?
You're overestimating their self-awareness brother Besides, you know People's Action Party will never let a good crisis go to waste and spin up a lesson to fit their narrative or moral of story.
you're overly focused on the ending which I too feel was botched but like everything that came before the final arc was a fantastic and clear message as to the horrors of war that humanity can inflict on each other
You're raising a separate issue. Whether you think it is feasible to prosecute such offences in the first place, the fact is the AG is now not allowed to without prior notice of a change of policy. That's an improvement.
You're really not alllowed to be poor nowadays. No money buy house? Rent! No money buy food? Cook! Meal prep! Cannot cook in rented house? Guess you go eat shit .
you're right about how there are younger people who hold the same apathetic views. while it is important that we attempt to change their mindsets, i think the biggest driver of any change in our political landscape is time. as time passes, general attitudes of the population change. when an older demographic disagrees with a younger demographic, as time passes the older people pass and the younger people raise kids who are more likely to share their beliefs. of course, this includes people who are less empathetic and more pragmatic towards their own concerns, but eventually after a long period of time i do foresee a change in the general attitude of the majority towards our politics.
You're right about it being a tough problem to fix, I genuinely can't think of a solution in cases where the student just refuses to listen or the parents are supportive of anything their precious little bean dues. Unless and until things blow up bullying is largely ignored or let off with warnings and call parents that never works. But it's really important that it is fixed somehow
You're right, but this numbers game is a much bigger problem than narcissistic parents being snobby to other parents and children alike. It's not just your PSLE score, or your L1R4 or 5, or your A level rank point or GPA, it's also the number of friends or followers you have on Facebook or Instagram, it's your starting pay, the number of days of annual leave you have and so on. Obviously you're addressing parents specifically, but this is an issue with narcissistic people in general, and it's not limited to Singaporean parents or even Singaporean's in general. But ok i wasn't really planning on going anywhere with this comment, i just got tired studying for psych finals and saw this here.!
You're right. Hopefully the teachers dont blame themselves though. This really seems like 1 student just losing his mind. Hope that the outcome of this is tighter security measures for students in general.
You're still young! I was like you and didn't start knowing how to stand up for myself until I started working.
You're talking about Singapore, it's really not surprising given the nasty and snobbish subclass there. Not everyone is like that, live and let live. AHS TJC Top 25 University in the World $$$$$$ I couldn't care less about what happened in the past, even the teachers, adults and other students are very poor at judging who will be successful and or or happy
You're the one who is strongly tying the restrictions to the healthcare worker plight. It is not asking for more restrictions. They're simply asking for people and the government to realise that they are still struggling. At the very least, you can give them some respect and empathy. Is that too much to ask?
You're under AMK GRC, nothing changes for you. The constituency names are really more guidelines than anything else, and people get too hung up about it.
You're welcome! Nah, you're not the enemy. No one is just by virtue of their gender or any other characteristic they're born with. Which is also another thing I learnt with transition, because some things I thought were core parts of my personality turned out to just be a mix of hormones and how others saw and treated me. It set off a small identity crisis. I went from an extreme introvert to talking a lot, from fastidiously neat to a lot messier, from crying at every small thing to not really being able to cry, etc. My senses got slightly dulled, but in a good way, e.g. less sensitive to heat or cold like I mentioned. Some of it fell in line with gender stereotypes, others were the complete opposite. I got worse at video games for some reason . And unlike my first puberty which felt like I was becoming more and more like a stranger, transitioning and going through that second puberty on HRT felt like I was becoming more like myself. It was pretty fascinating. Ultimately I was still the same person, just experiencing things differently and thus responding differently. I think that's true for humans in general. Everyone behaves in the way that makes sense for them in their circumstances. So if a person or a group does things that seem irrational to you, it's more likely that they're just working with a different reality from yours, and they think you're the irrational one. What do you think of this group's actions? Do you support their actions, wish they have taken a less drastic route? If normal day to day is already harsh on a trans person, I can't imagine prison would make that easier. In general, I don't support protests in Singapore, especiallywhen so much is at stake and any backlash could mean the government snatching away the few hard-won rights we have. I'm still scared of that, because there's nothing to stop them from, say, making transition illegal or deciding to start enforcing 377A. The majority of Singaporeans would be on their side. Yet at the same time, I'm very proud of the protestors for their courage to stand up for themselves and others. Especially knowing they could end up in jail. Many people ask why they didn't take another route, but other routes have been tried for decades to no effect. I know a couple of the protestors and have some idea of their background. Sometimes protestors protest because they have nothing to lose, and because nothing that can be done to them that is worse than what has already been done to them, for years, without anyone caring. And so they hope that if they protest now, it will help shed a light on those who are still suffering, and then others in future might not have to go through the same things they did.
You've convinced me, we can't turn into China. We shouldn't allow People's Action Party the luxury to chip away at our political rights.
You've reached all, and what I read as a non-Singaporan is that you get a family, a house, and maybe even get to retire. Not to say that it isn't tough or that you don't deserve better, but there's some real high points in your description.
Youd be surprised how many redditors live near you. How many unspoken love stories in the dms as well .
young couples tiptoe around in-laws' houses So many couples just move in with their in-laws while waiting for build-to-order. Sounds like hell to me. Imagine your in-laws breathing down your neck 24 or 7
Young people are carriers even if covid does nothing to them. They become infection points for other vulnerable people, and keeps the virus in play longer than it needs to be. The vaccine doesn't just resuce transmission, it also reduces severity if you kenna. Either way, it is beneficial for everyone to be vaccinated.
young people here have survived multiple global financial crisis, bigger than anything boomers have faced, lived the prime of their lives in a once in a century pandemic, are faced with a ever shrinking economic pie and have even been sent to peacekeeping missions in africa and the middle east.
Your argument that if everyone is vaxed you will only have vaxed deaths is also true, but also misleading as it implies that there is no difference. This was an argument a while ago when about 90% of people were vaxed and X unvaxed people died, X+1 vaxed people died so idiots were saying your chances were higher. That is just not mathematically sound. Whether this graph is of population or of positive cases, it is overwhelming evidence that the vaccines work
Your friend's gong may have owned the house there.but does his gong owned the road as well?
Your grandmother did the right thing. All the so called allergies and conditions people keep trotting out are just unscientific excuses that antivax boomers tell themselves
your kid is a champ! She sounds like a great kid. I'm sure she'll cherish that memory for a long while. Those paradise tree snakes have such an incredible colour to them. I used to spend some time looking for wildlife at PRP when I was younger. I was fortuitous enough one day to come across about 7 whip snakes just sunning themselves on really low bushes. I handled a few, pretending I was of Irwin heritage . Super gentle snakes, and that green is, ironically enough, almost unnatural. Funny thing about it is that they're really hard to spot, until you find your first one, after which it almost seems like they're leaping out at you that green really stands out. I hope you have better luck next time out my friend. I look forward to more of your posts!
your letters are so wordy. My last resignation letter was literally Dear supervisor I intend to resign my position as XYXYXY. My last day will be Friday, the 27th of month, year. I wish shit ass company continued success. Yours sincerely, KEY YOUR NAME HERE P.S It remains my fervent hope that you may one day perish in a conflagration.
Your line of reasoning is honestly going to bite you one day. Basically you don't care about how other people are hurting and then you wonder why the rich in Singapore don't care about inequality. Your attitude is precisely what is wrong with Singapore
Your mentality is wrong, or at least the people who told you that are wrong. How could you stand there and watch someone get assaulted like this. What if this was someone you knew? What if it was you being attacked? It's easy to turn your back. It's easy to say scarly get fined . It's easy to say I'm just going to mind my own business . But good things are never easy. I hope more people stand up to hooligans like these. Because it pains to me see this play out for even the few seconds of the clip. I'm not even show how long it actually took place.
Your money your life indeed. There is a difference between throwing money and spending money. If you got your first rental place and realise its a bad idea, then moved home, the key takeaway is to be grateful you have people you can depend on rather than to mourn the stuff you spent. No one should be ashamed of or shamed for trying to strike it out themselves.
Your observation is. good but not relevant at all. OP didn't say they want to migrate? Who said anything about migrating? The discussion is about why have a kid in this country.
Your original comment reads new citizens, PRs, expats . Second gen new citizens and PRs already have to serve NS, hence I was responding in context of expats. My bad if I wasn't clear.
Your PE teacher is really brave but from an individual's POV, when dealing with armed assailants, it is best to keep your distance, look for large solid objects to block the attacks and try to run. Trying to disarm the assailant without a taser is actually very dangerous even for most so-called martial arts experts. It is possible the boy decided to stop at one kill. If you ever get attacked by someone wielding a knife, please don't go thinking you can be like this teacher. You may very well end up dead, especially if the knife wielder doesn't know you personally and or or is completely crazed.
Your personal economic growth, the country's economic growth, and the economic growth of companies like SIA, OCBC and their trustee shareholders and the like are totally different things. 4g. It's never been about the people or the small guys. It's about the legacy of a dynasty and the replacement of lost votes.
Your post really opens my eyes to the ugliest truth of Singapore. I myself have never thought of landing on a part-time job before the release of result in Feb next year, but I think I really I'd be getting one soon. The ordinality of such entitlement is really abhorrent and uncalled for.
Your response has to be proportionate to the circumstance. If he is holding a knife, its not wise to attempt unarmed tactic before considering taser or baton then firearm. The fact that he is holding a knife and charging towards you means you can or should use your firearm.
Your response is seemingly more emotional than rational so if i may, i will put some things as straight as possible. First of all, noone is not respecting people and their sexualities judging from the text you posted. Family and sexuality are absolutely different matters. To put things plainly, you can do whatever you want with you genitals and it's noone's business but yours, however Family always been and always will be union of heterosexual people. For many reasons. And who has rights to say it's backwards ? Just because bunch of jesters yell about equality and push lgbtqwhatever agenda? Traditional, nuclear families have been and will be here. Again, it has nothing to do with sexuality
Your thoughts and words are the narrative. Which other countries have trains and NO CHEWING GUM BAN?
Yu Mengyu is a real champ! She's playing like 4 in the world. She made Singapore proud!
yup and it's more common than you think. malay friend ordered food via grab that was non-halal and the pakcik that picked up the order kept scolding my friend through the chat and saying that the food is haram and allah will punish her. friend was sooooo majorly pissed.
Yup and next generation is going to be Durian generation, apparently. Its assumed that when our gen become parents we're going to protect our children and back them up like mad like durian thorns shielding the fruit inside. So next generation is presumably going to be arrogant, sheltered, and quite dependent on their parents.
Yup diamond rings are a total scam. My hubs and I made our own rings at a silversmithing workshop, from design to annealing the silver. Super fun and memorable!
Yup even the guys who had their plane shot out of the air by the Russians aren't doing anything
Yup just felt it now also, Sengkang, I saw my coat hangers swinging so I knew I wasn't going crazy
yup maximum opportunity cost for us. these are the prime days of our youth and supposed best times of our lives that are going down the gutter.
Yup on raid days. I got asked, my friend got asked. We both thought that each other knew the uncles and aunties who approached us, but as it turns out they were strangers and we were both just being nice. .
Yup pretty much.maybe 5 mins to get to the canteen. Another 3mins to queue, 7mins to eat, 5 mins to go toilet and get back to class .
Yup she did but honestly.it doesn't really solve the problem you know. It's not like the pakcik made death threats or what. Probably counts as harassment. My friend just summed up this behaviour as melayu makan melayu.
Yup was overseas. Due to my country banning travel we are unable to travel unless we apply for exemption. Was supposed to be in Singapore earlier this year but covid hit and put one major wrench in the works. All that good food in Singapore would be the death of me. Eating out for every meal at hawker centres.
Yup! Incoming patients are triaged. The people who are waiting 10-15 hours should really go to urgent care instead of a&e.
Yup, and a large part of this is by design. Especially the prevention of collective bargaining and strikes. It's how Singapore has been able to progress . It's so hard for me to be proud of this country when exploitation is our business model. Start giving labour more rights? Pay goes up? Singapore becomes less attractive to foreign investors who only care about ROI. We really shouldn't be a country.
Yup, both. I'm lucky enough that I work in an art related job and I also enjoy it as my hobby.
Yup, it was one of the most morally corrupt companies in history. It looted and tortured millions of people across multiple colonial countries.
Yup, live by your means. If they can't afford a private property, Conti car, branded goods, business class tickets plus lounge access while going on a vacation, that's when they feel stressed.
Yup, people are going to lose their jobs which they continue drawing their hundreds of thousands every month.
Yup, Singapore's banknotes are similar as well. We also have these raised dots in the top right corner of the obverse, so the visually impaired can feel and differentiate the notes. Historically speaking, the size and colour difference also acts as a security feature. With the linen paper notes, counterfeiters and wash off the ink and print the higher denomination on it. Paper money all over use proprietary paper blends that's commercially available. But counterfeiters work around this by using the same paper. This was a problem with the older US banknotes.
Yup, that's completely normal behaviour . That's why people's just standing around . Nothing much anyone can do, that's why the best is to discreetly film the whole thing down, can use that as evidence against that coward.
yup, that's the downside of a civil suit it is often about who has more money to draw out the lawsuit.
yup, that's why I caps it , wanted to write . Inclusiveness, consent, consent, consent and consent Some people need to have please ask for consent on their appendages so they will remember.
Yup. The poor and middle class always pay for the mistakes of our ministers, but we continue to give them millions so they cannot be bribed and that talents will want to work as ministers. Good job government! The poor and middle class don't matter afterall.
Yup. The scholar middle manager AD was also promoted DD and rewarded with another high-profile role in civil service.
Yup. To us being a Chinese means Chinese is my race. To China, Chinese means they're from China.
Zelensky is literally on the front lines right now in body armour and with a rifle, what are you talking about?
Zelensky was convinced US and allies will support him and capable of neutralizing Russia. He didn't realize, US has never considered Ukraine as strategic important location. US is not going to have military conflict with Russia over Ukraine.
Zero cases from gyms. Zero. How about you make your nurses wear their masks? How about you make visitors to wards wear their mask. And now we cannot go to gym WHEN THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF TRANSMISSION FROM A GYM SETTING. FUCK THIS SHIT
Zig is integrated with or as a lifestyle app with stuff like recommendations for what to do around you, and has a more modern and clean user interface
Zoom call n break the seal on the spot. Eh if not the boss useless , ART also cannot supervise Be boss for what