ulkolh|BiggSucc_99, Whenever articles like this gets published its always hypocritical af
ulkolh|seacharge, Life is unfair, I get it. I don't think we will ever see females conscripted in the SAF in my lifetime, be it due to political or "societal" reasons, that's fine by me.       But at least do more for the NSFs, the remunerations are a joke, even after the most recent increase.   These kids spend 2 of their best years of their youth, to serve 5 days a week for the nation. With a country as prosperous as ours, we can surely afford to pay them more than the pitiful sum the G is giving them now.
ulkolh|metaHC, Give 1.7-2k for nsf salary... 0730-1730 work hours.. and stayout.. at least pay me fast food salary if 1.7k is too much 💀, then Ns actually becomes a mandatory office hour job rather than slavery..
ulkolh|daedric_blackout, At least pay us what we should be getting. It’s literally a full time job. This is just low wage mass slavery.
ulkolh|casiotech, The whole article of rebutting the need for women to be conscripted while mandating conscription of males just makes no sense.  Why not at this point just admit that only half the population is required to be conscripted, for a variety of "reasons"... Instead of being completely random, it is arbitrarily determined only the portion of the population with male anatomy is required to be conscripted.
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, > https://www.channelnewsasia.com/singapore/saf-review-pes-system-deployed-more-roles-servicemen-250551?cid=internal_sharetool_androidphone_09052022_cna  > The review comes amid falling national birth rates and a shrinking pool of national servicemen, with the SAF announcing as early as 2017 that it was reviewing vocation deployment criteria to tackle manpower challenges.  Changing PES system to be able to get more NSFs to fit into more roles because of manpower crunch.  But:  > “There is currently no need for us to enlist women for National Service,” he said.   Alright boys we are going to be exploited and used as much as possible before we can get a break.
ulkolh|hippodromes, Basically tl,dr: don't rock the ⛵
ulkolh|risingsuncoc, > “Women will be delayed in their entry into the workforce. The immediate effect will be an accentuated decline in the size of our local workforce, and a reduction of household incomes,” he said.  what about the men?
ulkolh|Any_Sundae_7501, maybe they have some kind of statistics that they wont show the public that tells them that it is not feasible to draft women,  but i will never get their current pov. the man LKY once said that he wanted to draft girls too if not for the objection of the defense council. so why are the defence council ministers so against it, even 55 years later?   is there something so pressing that requires our women to be schooled earlier?
ulkolh|Maplestori, I was an ASA and I heard (should be widely known) that our cookhouse meals costs $7 per meal AND deducted from our pathetic ‘allowance’ amongst other ‘secret’ deductions. And we cannot work outside during NS on weekends, fuck em
ulkolh|Goenitz33, He means the cost in votes to the PAP will be so huge that he won’t even dare to think about it. 😂
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, Shanmugan: we need equality!  Ng: but only when it wins us votes!
ulkolh|black_knightfc21, “Women will be delayed in their entry into the workforce. The immediate effect will be an accentuated decline in the size of our local workforce, and a reduction of household incomes,” he said.  Then we, as guys, our future and income don't matter?! sigh.
ulkolh|Chaosender69, Norway has conscripted women as well since 2014.
ulkolh|accessdenied65, A lot of stupid reasons given and hypocrisy.      You mean when males serve NS, there are no "social costs"?   These type of responses here are really slapping and insulting all the males that have served or are serving their NS. At least choose your words and responses carefully.
ulkolh|UtilityCurve, I think his daughter tell him she don’t want to do NS. So there you go, no NS for women
ulkolh|LordTechnoLlama, Carrying heavy weights in shitty environment and weather, sometimes staying extra weekends in camp, getting life long injuries, just to earn less than a part time job. For fucks sake at least medical should be covered for life, my hips and knees are going to wear out faster than everyone else for an extra 350 a month? We get shit food, shit pay and shit benefits, for fucks sake who cares about safra card? Give me medical support!
ulkolh|lolness93, Hahaha affect families that rely on the daughter? What about affecting families that rely on the son? What a load of bull crap nobody is falling for sympathy anymore. If you don't want woman to be part of the conscription just get to the point, stop beating around the bush.
ulkolh|blackreplica, “Women will be delayed in their entry into the workforce. The immediate effect will be an accentuated decline in the size of our local workforce, and a reduction of household incomes,” he said.  “Even if women are enlisted for non-military National Service roles to augment our healthcare and social services, it may make manpower shortages in other industries worse. Over the long term, it will impose a great cost not only on women themselves, but also on their families, children and spouses and society as a whole"  &#x200B;  Seriously what the fuck kind of answer is this? You could remove the word woman from the above, substitute it with man, and it would still be 100% correct!!  To him, a woman serving NS is **nothing more than virtue-signalling gender equality**, that comes at a cost that is not worth it. Do you guys agree with this? Because I sure as hell do not!
ulkolh|-c-r-e-a-t-i-v-e-, Ng Eng Hen is full of shit
ulkolh|Disastrous_Motor9856, National service by default “residents to serve a period of compulsory service in the uniformed services” so why can’t women serve under home team with healthcare sector? They are making it all fancy “Oh it’s a privilege to serve” hell no lmao. For a poor family it’s literally the worst as it disrupt your whole family income and what do you do? You do saikang for those that signed on and yes even for the 8% of female high ranking officer. Some of us will get their shit to do while they walk around doing nothing. Not fair la please. If you want males to stop complaining about serving, increase their welfare. Free transport or MINDEF cover all transport fares. Or increase our pay… currently the highest earning NSFs i believe are inspectors of SPF and in that 2 year the max they can earn is 24k SGD +-1k. And that’s 2 years of working extremely hard with possibilities of lifelong injury.
ulkolh|MoonMan-2022, In other words, PAP doesn't want to risk losing the support of a stronghold demographic.
ulkolh|Thefunincaifun, >“Even if women are enlisted for non-military National Service roles to augment our healthcare and social services, it may make manpower shortages in other industries worse.   So, just let healthcare and social services drown? Come on lah, it's only for 2 years, not forever also.   Male dominated industries also never collapse, why will it be any different across genders?
ulkolh|ManyResponsibilities, Societal cost dont apply to men according to his logic.
ulkolh|cwx1015, Sian this argument will be carried into the next generation.
ulkolh|fall1n1RWI, Fuck Ng Eng Hen. All my homies hate Ng Eng Hen.
ulkolh|daedric_blackout, This is state-wide legally mandated gender discrimination no matter how you see it.
ulkolh|Outside-Flight9677, when conscription was first made mandatory, SG was still a developing nation, thus the men have to serve NS to build up a viable defense while the women were left to be homemakers; responsible for raising the next generation of educated Singaporeans.  times changed, and yet the law has still not been updated for the new generation.
ulkolh|MiloGaoPeng, Where are the female voices on this topic?
ulkolh|Lu5ck, Based on the logic, Israel has been paying social cost for decades and ironically they have more way higher birthrate than us.
ulkolh|wewdepiew, >I think most Singaporeans would say no too, from a security perspective.”  "I can't hear you through my earplugs"
ulkolh|Achuapy, Societal cost? More like political cost
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, Alot of #WomenIn[lucrative office jobs] support from women for equality. Don't see them here.   Where art thou my fellow humans?  * Huwomans * Hupersons
ulkolh|hardy_v1, In Singapore, "societal costs" equals "votes for PAP"
ulkolh|BlackCatSylvester, If NS was made shorter and focused it could include both genders and create less impact on the economy and lives of many.
ulkolh|bossholmes, Spicy thread for sure, but honestly, as a male, putting aside the whole females issue, the thing is that one can't deny NSFs put in their blood, sweat, tears, and most of all, 2 years of their prime for their nation.  Whether they do it wholeheartedly or willingly (lol) or to a certain quality, it doesn't matter for as a nation, NSFs don't seem to be respected. Sure, there's been steps taken, such as the bumping up of NSF pay, the $1000 after you ORD from this April etc, but much more can be done.  And when the rest of the nation, or half of them, don't seem to appreciate or care about the fact you devoted the time and effort (from aunties taking pics of NSFs sitting on trains to the absolute apathy towards males serving NS), I think it's human to feel anger, especially to a half that may preach about equality.   And honestly a sad truth is also there won't ever be a way that can please a majority of the stakeholders, so it's highly likely just going to be the same old routine of kicking the can down the road and wait for it be solved in the future.
ulkolh|Pyrrylanion, ~~Societal~~ political cost. FTFY.  What was said here in this article is full of contradictions.  Where do we begin with all the gems?  Why not list down all the **negative effects of female conscription that apparently does not exist now?**  >	“Women will be delayed in their entry into the workforce. The immediate effect will be an accentuated decline in the size of our local workforce, and a reduction of household incomes,” he said.  >	Over the long term, it will impose a great cost not only on women themselves, but also on their families, children and spouses and society as a whole.  So all these either miraculously do not apply to guys, or it’s perfectly okay to discriminate and handicap Singaporean and second-gen PR guys?  Anyway, my favourite gem is this little quote:  >	“These are inadequate justifications or reasons to mandate that someone must suspend individual liberties as a civilian, give up two years of his or her life, and if they do not, they go to jail, as our courts have sentenced NS defaulters.”  Oh, so it’s not easy to suspend and violate the liberties, eh?  So, are you admitting the costs to enlisted men to perform a service to the nation is high, not just in material terms but also immaterial terms like liberties and freedom?   So, if you do care about justification and fairness, I’m sure an adequate compensation would only be a natural and fair solution? We need a military, that I will not dispute.  So, when and how are you going to (1) adequately compensate for the suspension of individual liberties, and (2) financial, career, and family costs incurred as you mentioned earlier?  So how much do they pay the NSFs again for the time? Please do not count the costs to keep NSFs away from all these individual liberties you implied you cared about as part of the compensation.  Anyway, in addition to their apparent value for individual liberties, they also said this:  >	For example, it facilitates flexible work arrangements such as part-time or job-sharing and telecommuting where possible, without compromising operational readiness.  WFH NS when? You said you can facilitate, right? Then do it for NSFs! Why would you want to keep NSFs away from liberties when you struggle to find adequate reasons?  As you said, you can do it to attract female regulars **”without compromising operational readiness”**. For the select few vocations where the excuse is now gone, are you now going to do it? What excuses are you going to conjure this time?  I wasn’t the one claiming you had the capabilities. You did.  Lastly, the most important part, **do they care about gender equality?**  >	“Is that cost justified to send a signal or to reverse stereotypes? From the Government’s perspective, no. I think most Singaporeans would say no too, from a security perspective.”  >	“Having reached this position of strength, should we for the sake of gender equality, now introduce NS for women?” he asked, highlighting how the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF), despite reduced manpower, has remained operationally ready by using technology and optimising resources.  What do you think? Apparently equality is not as important as pragmatic reasons.  Fine. We all know the PAP loves to “be pragmatic”. No surprise there.  But, please just stop claiming you care about gender equality. Many of the bullshit above clearly shows you don’t, because you **implied knowing about all those costs NS incurred on men** and yet done little about it.  What was with those constant fluff pieces from the “nation-building” media? What was that white paper for women’s development for? What was the purpose of all the smokery telling us women are worse off than men and you want to change it?  Don’t smoke us it’s to make Singapore better and more (gender) equal. **No, you don’t care, because you just came close to openly admitting that NS is a significant obstacle and handicap to a guy’s financial, career, and personal future**.  It’s all politics, isn’t it? Gender equality doesn’t really matter, isn’t it? Only women’s rights and development were worth the time, but not men’s! How is that equality? That is **not gender equality**.  **Absolutely nothing in this article come close to addressing the elephant in the room.**  The complaints about NS is about how discriminatory and burdenful it is for men, and specifically men. All that was said is to **confirm** the burdens but **yet nothing was promised to reduce those burdens**.  Where are the increased compensation for the apparently significant delays to entry to workforce or reduction to household incomes?  While the PAP claimed to know many burden on women and are working hard to fix those, **they admitted to knowing the burden of NS on men and yet their answer is for men to suck thumb.**  You call that gender equality? That do you think we Singaporean are, idiots?  Did you really expected saying such bullshit would give you any credibility, PAP ministers?  I don’t expect much. Don’t want to conscript females, fine. **But the least I would expect is fair and adequate compensation that addresses the main concerns voiced by men on NS**: the delay to entry into workforce, financial impact, and the cost on families of conscripted individuals.  Even if NS levels any gender gap between male and females for now, this will not last forever. Once females catch up, men will be discriminated and handicapped. What then? More bullshitting? Solving this elephant is a must, something that could not be postponed forever, no matter how much you play with the statistics.  If you can’t even do that, or even plan ahead, shut the fuck up.
ulkolh|GalerionTheAnnoyed, I don't really care about women being in NS but his arguments are just pretty idiotic.  Maybe if you could learn some actual skills in NS it wouldn't be so bad. Right now it's a complete waste of time
ulkolh|Erlaad, Only a PAP politician can say something like that and don't expect his consensus to tank like a stone in the sea.
ulkolh|aliceintheborderland, i think its safe to say our cabinet's cost far far outweighs its benefits. The selected president alone's cost far far far x 10000000000000 to the power of infinity outweighs her non existent benefit
ulkolh|gojiraa69, Wow, if only everyone could get away with such bullshit reasoning and still command a salary like that
ulkolh|Golden-Owl, The general thing is less that there’s a societal cost of women serving NS, and moreso that NS has a huge societal cost **in general**. Forcing people to waste 2 years of the most productive years will be a hinderance, regardless of gender  This is why the points of women not serving NS ultimately is meaningless: every single point raised can also apply to the men forced to serve NS. It is a societal cost borne by all of society, not just half of it. Either everyone serves or nobody serves. Gender equality means both genders share the same benefits and burdens   The real reason why nothing will ever get done is because NS as a concept was already laid down years ago back before “gender equality” was a thing and “gender specific societal roles” was the prevailing thought. And nobody is going to be the unpopular person who is going to make the decision to make women serve.
ulkolh|bxbcynbrdg, Took me too long to get that they're taking their temperatures, not having a mass smoke break
ulkolh|TheAlphaLion_com, >But if Singapore ever faces an “existential threat” by an aggressor, with a “sudden and great need” to boost its military, Dr Ng said he is certain that the Ministry of Defence and SAF would call on the Government of that day to enlist not only women, but also teenagers and older men to defend and save Singapore.   >   >When Ukraine was invaded by Russia, it required women aged between 18 to 60 years to register for possible military conscription, Dr Ng said.  So what you're saying is we need to be invaded before we enlist women? \[edit: look how well that went for Ukraine\]  Just like how we needed a pandemic to realize that we are short of healthcare workers (but still don't think women can contribute to that aspect of national service)?
ulkolh|Cute_Grapefruit_367, The statements would be funny if not for that it was coming from a minister. The implication that women would be unable to contribute to defending Singapore, the idea that we should only train Singaporeans when we face an existential threat (I thought we were always facing one, hence with NS), and the sudden burst of incredible empathy for the cost of conscription - the suspension of liberties, the injuries, the time lost, for a paltry salary - but only when it comes to women.
ulkolh|Sproinkerino, Ive always been suggesting this. Make it such that people actually WANT to serve NS.  Increased HDB ballot rates, Scholarships to Uni COE exemptions much higher tax exemptions
ulkolh|DirectionSilly, Don't entirely disagree with Ng Eng Hen here, but with the Ukraine experience we've seen both men and women civilians pick up arms to fight for their country. This makes me wonder if there is a way we can train our ladies in some basic shooting skills (e.g. basic marksmanship skills).  They don't need to do the real BMT like outfield or fitness stuff, anyway they're most likely be fighting guerilla ops in an urban setting, but do things like rifle handling or basic relavent theory stuff that is similar in BMT.  Won't it be better to have almost your whole adult population being able to pick up a rifle aim and shoot plus do basic technical handling? That's like 2x the rifles pointing at the enemy LOL.  And if they don't want to waste the ladies precious child bearing years by serving NS like the guys. Why not use the gaps between Os to Poly (Jan to Apr) or As to Uni (Jan-Aug) to do this basic training? Those have 3 month windows which are pretty much same length as BMT. Furthermore, it can be like a school thing where they report to "camp" at 0830 and dismiss at 1730 without any stay ins. The ladies are gonna be waiting for sch to start anyway...
ulkolh|Mikeferdy, Considering if I should xpost to r/mensrights
ulkolh|danielwongsc, "But if Singapore ever faces an “existential threat” by an aggressor, with a “sudden and great need” to boost its military, Dr Ng said he is certain that the Ministry of Defence and SAF would call on the Government of that day to enlist not only women, but also teenagers and older men to defend and save Singapore."  By then too late already. I agree that women should also do NS. These days, more of our weaponry is tech based  therefore there are more military functions open that do not require physicality.  Without the participation of women, SG defense is like fighting with 1 hand tied behind your back. You are taking it easy and you are not being serious about TOTAL defense.
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, > “Women will be delayed in their entry into the workforce. The immediate effect will be an accentuated decline in the size of our local workforce, and a reduction of household incomes,” he said.  Also applies to men  > “Even if women are enlisted for non-military National Service roles to augment our healthcare and social services, it may make manpower shortages in other industries worse. Over the long term, it will impose a great cost not only on women themselves, but also on their families, children and spouses and society as a whole.  Also applies to men  > Likewise, he said enlistment in the police and Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) must be based on the national need for homeland security and emergency services.  It seems all other developed countries in the world figured out how to staff their police force or emergency services with cops, medics and firefighters without needing conscription. So I don't see how there is a national need to conscript teens for SCDF or SPF.     > But if Singapore ever faces an “existential threat” by an aggressor, with a “sudden and great need” to boost its military, Dr Ng said he is certain that the Ministry of Defence and SAF would call on the Government of that day to enlist not only women, but also teenagers and older men to defend and save Singapore.  Unfortunately the poison shrimp tactic does not give one time to enlist new forces in the middle of war. This country has only one city, how long do you think Ukraine would have held out if if Kyiv was right next to the Russian border ?  > Since 2015, more than 500 women have also been trained and deployed in different roles as volunteers in the SAF Volunteer Corps.  That's a pathetic amount. Can't even do the fun camp ?
ulkolh|Cute_Grapefruit_367, But the societal cost if men do it is fine??
ulkolh|Icowanda, Equality, but only when it is sexy and trendy.
ulkolh|lazerspewpew86, More like political cost.
ulkolh|ahmad_firdauz, I've suspected for a long time that the government will never implement conscription for women unless absolutely necessary because of the effect it'll have on our birth rate and GDP - 2 existential KPIs for any government. Ng Eng Hen has partially confirmed the latter (GDP)  While many will be disappointed with the apparent hypocrisy of the PAP wrt their 'gender equality' agenda, I do see some positives from this episode  Firstly, this episode serves as confirmation that mindless and incessant virtue signalling from the PAP can damage their agencies who are limited by practicality. I wonder that the MINDEF staffers are thinking about the PAP's feminist agenda now that they have to appear like hypocrites and misandrists in parliament  Second, as I pointed out previously, [the PAP's 'feminist agenda' is worryingly alienating even to guys with a progressive bias](https://www.reddit.com/r/singapore/comments/sf745q/commentary_why_shouldnt_stayhome_dads_who/huoater/?context=3). It is significant that the NS equality issue was raised by Carrie Tan - an MP who has been marketed as a progressive type   Third, with Ng's reply in parliament, I take it as official confirmation that there is indeed an official bias in favour of women as far as youth civil liberties are concerned. Hopefully, Singapore's 'gender equality' debate moves forward with more compassion and understanding that the narrative of 'women oppression' is absolutely one-sided
ulkolh|doingmoar, Is he trying to say that women would be useless in the armed/police/civil defense forces??  Let’s prove him wrong ladies!
ulkolh|lovelifelivelife, I support mandatory enlistment for all genders and I do feel that some of his points are valid but definitely it's ironic that these reasons apply to those currently having to serve NS as though it wasn't considered before they decided to implement the rule (well it likely wasn't considered). I can't say I know what is the best system here but I feel that the system needs an overhaul. I'm just randomly throwing thoughts out there of what it could be changed to:  Maybe they shouldn't have to enlist right after school, maybe they should be able to choose when to enlist within a certain time period (like Korea) so they can better choose a period that would affect their career minimally (it'll affect their career no matter what anyway).  Perhaps the training could be done in a way where people can work/study while going through training. Like 2 months of bmt and then sort of a part time situation where the other free days can be spent doing other work, companies can be roped in to let these people work on the other days as well or study programs can be set up.  I just feel that if you want the public to not resent NS and that it's important for the nation's defence then you need to ensure that the system suits the public's needs as well.
ulkolh|wintertempest, Either all serve the state, or none serve the state.  Though of course there’s the glaring exception of those who naturalize later in life, but that number seems small enough
ulkolh|onion_knights, Orh so just males make sacrifice to their career / lives with the law pointing a gun to their head la. Ok lor. Just dont expect loyalty or patriotism from a portion of your conscripts lah. If really war happens and they surrender instead of fighting to the last man you dont suprised pikachu face can liao.
ulkolh|Available_Ad9766, Why say that delaying women’s entry to the workforce is a reason? Delaying men’s entry to workforce is somehow without consequence?
ulkolh|samglit, He's answering a strawman - that women should be added to the defense forces.  Of course you don't anyhow add people if you don't need for fun in the name of "social justice", and of course it'll drag the economy if instead of 50% of workforce enlisted for 2 years, 100% are enlisted for 2 years.  The actual question should have been - can women join so everyone's burden is reduced.  1 year for everybody.  Not this obvious red herring.
ulkolh|sfushimi, I don't care if women do National Service or not. If there's no manpower need, I don't need my taxpayer monies spent on useless jobs coughSDAcough.  What I care about is paying every NSF a fair wage that is commensurate with what NS is - a full-time (or MORE than full-time if you stay in) entry level government job. Few hundred to 1k+ per month is not a fair wage.  In Singapore, money is respect. And if you pay NSFs enough, maybe women will (gasp!) even WANT to be conscripted!
ulkolh|SadEtherealNoob69420, Women can shoot and hold guns too lol.  If the other half of the population can do NS we will have a bigger army and our defenses will be better right???  For guys , our income , career progression and freedom is also being delayed. What about us males????  I cant wait to give 2 years of my life to national service /s.
ulkolh|gmdotes, can we just do what AWARE says and make national service:  * gender-neutral * cover things other than military service
ulkolh|Puzzleheaded_Horse89, In other words, women being inconvenienced, society says NO-NO.  If men are affected, well, who the F cares, right?
ulkolh|ArmyWide8266, Men will be delayed in their entry into the workforce. The immediate effect will be an accentuated decline in the size of our local workforce, and a reduction of household incomes.  if men are enlisted for non-military National Service roles to augment our healthcare and social services, it may make manpower shortages in other industries worse. Over the long term, it will impose a great cost not only on men themselves, but also on their families, children and spouses and society as a whole.  But if Singapore ever faces an “existential threat” by an aggressor, with a “sudden and great need” to boost its military, Dr Ng said he is certain that the Ministry of Defence and SAF would call on the Government of that day to enlist not only men, but also teenagers and older men to defend and save Singapore.  Changing women to men, and this shit still makes sense LMAO
ulkolh|calamitysir, Meanwhile our pledge: "eQuAlItY"
ulkolh|limitedby20character, EQUAL RIGHTS = EQUAL RESPONSIBILITIES
ulkolh|Minamo-sensei, Going to borrow my favorite EDMW quote: "SONG BO SINKIE?????"
ulkolh|melonmilkfordays, As a woman he’s not making sense. And as a feminist he’s still not making sense. Men please don’t think feminists think this guy makes any sense. Women should serve army. It’s our country to serve/defend as much as it is for men.   Aware’s stance has and always will be that women should serve. It’s not us making the decisions for who gets to serve and who doesn’t unfortunately. You can blame this guy for the unequal treatment here 🤷🏻‍♀️
ulkolh|MinisterforFun, >	“Having reached this position of strength, should we for the sake of gender equality, now introduce NS for women?” he asked, highlighting how the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF), despite reduced manpower, has remained operationally ready by using technology and optimising resources.  Where does [it](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/Act/EA1970?WholeDoc=1) say enlistment is only for males? It’s not “for the sake of gender equality”. Which is kinda ironic if you think about it.
ulkolh|SmirkingImperialist, >When Ukraine was invaded by Russia, it required women aged between 18 and 60 to register for possible military conscription, Dr Ng said.  >“Young men and elderly, who are well past their retirement age, also volunteered to fight on the front lines to protect their country,” he said, citing a report about a 79-year-old Ukrainian woman who was filmed at a training ground handling a Kalashnikov assault rifle.  I fucking love it when people pretend to cite "lesson" of history and they don't bother to look further than the latest wars or even successful cases. Ukraine hasn't won yet; definition of winning and losing varies but let's use "when the war is over, who gains ground wins".   If you want a good example or lesson of how to rebuild an army that was destroyed one and a half times over, start with the Soviet Union in WWII. They raised divisions to the 400-series and by 1942, lost a number equal to their pre-war strength by 1.5 times over.   What Dr Ng is talking about is what I may call "going full Volkssturm", and it's retarded. Even the Soviets didn't do that. The Soviets' baseline for mobilisation and raising divisions were the fact that it was standard for Soviet Union public high school students (and those in post-war Warsaw Pact's and today's  Chinese and Vietnamese public highschool students too) to be given basic training in basic infantry skills: shooting, stripping, and cleaning of rifles, basic first aid, basic infantry tactics, map reading and navigation skills etc ... When they are thrown into formations, they only needed to be integrated for squad and platoon tactics. Going "full Volkssturm" is Too. Fucking. Late.   The Soviet Red Army had a diversity of people in their ranks by the end of the war. Everyone from teenagers to women, middle-aged men, minorities from Central Asian Republics, POWs, to former enemies (Bulgarians and Hungarians were disarmed one day, then handed a weapon the next and into the ranks they went); but it was never like the scene recently on Ukraine where the government handed out rifles to anyone who wants them. It was always in units, with officers and commisars.   It's possible to do this rationally. For example, the Soviets used to have a mobilisation plan for the next "Big One" conventional war, and it splits divisions into A, B, and C classes. A classes are divisions at near 100% readiness and can fight at any time. B classes are divisions at half-strength which are to be filled by reservists when the mobilisation comes. C classes are divisions with only skeletal officers, NCOs and mechanics. These divisions are to be filled by survivors of class A divisions (wars after long periods of peace are particularly nasty and surprising. People are usually surprised by how violent new wars are, how much ammunition are consumed, how fast people are killed and how fast units are just chewed up and destroyed) and reservists. If SAF's way to "maintain readiness" by "optimise manpower" is by reducing the number of units and thus allowing smaller number of brigades to be at higher readiness, well, once it starts scrapping the barrels, there won't be any skeletal officers left to command the scrap troops. It's going "full Volkssturm".
ulkolh|jimmyspinsggez, Well, everything he said can be said to the men as well. Women can also fight, after training they can obtain adequate strength, and in most cases you don't go melee enemies, as long as you can hold rifle and shoot that is more than enough.  This guy also said 'main purpose of NS is to train soldiers and defeat enemies', well we are enlisting unfit men as PES C and PES E, I have seen some can't run, some can't take sunlight, some cannot witness blood, still enlisted and serve admin roles. The more physically fit women can totally replace these unfit men, we are currently enlisting them just because they are men. This is a stereotype.
ulkolh|Zefrom, Think making NSFs pay higher, NS shorter or just treating NSFs better are **more realistic**. Women doing NS have more than just societal cost, logistical and planning cost as well.  Am a male btw
ulkolh|JosephIsBestJoJo, Kaki Kong Kaki LJ song.
ulkolh|pencilbreads, What if every male & female singaporean does NS, but like for only a year?
ulkolh|None, [deleted]
ulkolh|Own-Measurement9340, A random JC student could probably come up with the same points
ulkolh|saiyanjesus, Good to know men's 2 years is worth the societal cost then.
ulkolh|FreakingFreeze, Should women do NS? Idk. The topic of conscription in general is pretty complicated. What pros and cons are out there honestly doesn't matter in the end for one very simple reason. Salary.  The current pay for a fresh recruit is around 580-630 dollars per month. Per month is the issue. When I worked at a factory with zero qualifications and a lot of heavy lifting, I earned around 700 in two weeks with the total salary around 1,500 per month.  So, instead of "should women do NS?", we should be asking "Should servicemen be paid better?". You can't retain soldiers and military experts if the pay isn't covering them well early on and into the future.
ulkolh|createweb, The bigger question is: by having this kind of article, what are they trying to distract us from?
ulkolh|Aiazel, Tldr: No dick, no need serve
ulkolh|zaphrode, No, Men should serve less time. If it was 1 year I would be way less bitter about it.
ulkolh|ottohumbug23, Why not give every man their own stake in the country to defend, even if it's a pigeon hole?  Yes I'm advocating for free or heavily subsidised 2-room flats for all NSmen who served. What? It gets in the way of profits? Aww.  I spit in the general direction of that puny NS award in the CPF account.
ulkolh|uglyboy11, said this before, saying it again.   Our 2 years of NS can be hugely reduced, because of how inefficient it is, how much of our time is wasted inside. Talks about adding women into NS is simply a diversion from my point above. NS should be reduced, not be added by asking more people to do it.  And anyone who argues my point will always say 'don't you think we need NS?'.   No, that's not my point for the next 5 comments that will say this, my point is NS can be reduced by half and still be existing fine as long as we don't treat the nsfs time like dirt and make use of every moment in army.  There's this weird idea that women will waste their time in NS, like us guys haven't been, so why is it normal to use this argument for them, and not for us to reduce army duration?
ulkolh|jackology, Imaginary argument in my head.   Women will be delayed, they already faced a male/female disadvantage in the workplace.   Counter argument: If women managed to earn the “valuable” 2 years experiences in NS, they might not have to face this male/female disadvantage.   Source: the various politician that claims that NS is beneficial, a privilege etc…
ulkolh|grown-ass-man, That's it. I don't need any more proof that this country institutionalises misandry anymore. Fuck this.
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, BTW, NS itself is 2 years but there is enlistment waiting time. Which is 6 months for many and 9 months for some.  During this waiting time, we cannot find long term internships because we only know our enlistment date 3 months before we have to enlist. So most of us are in limbo for the time being while our female counterparts can take long term internships without worry since university starts in September for sure.  Some of my friends were also hit with waiting time for enrolment into Uni after NS, especially for private unis.   So you'd add another 3-6 months of being in limbo.
ulkolh|Salt_Leopard, I want to see an opposition party oppose this policy. I'd consider voting for them if they put it in the manifesto.   Of course, they'd automatically lose 50% of the vote.
ulkolh|Shaizay_Youn, THEN LET WOMEN SERVE NS INSTEAD OF MEN. NO EXTRA COST.   LET MEN HAVE A 2 YEAR HEADSTART IN LIFE. Sounds misogynistic?   THIS OLD POLITICIANS WANT YOUNG MEN TO SUFFER THE SAME FATE WITH THAT THEY HAVE EXPERIENCED RATHER THAN STEPPING UP FOR THEM.
ulkolh|joefriday12, This is total rubbish la Israeli women serve ns and there's no societal cost whatsoever to them. PAP is just stupidly sexist
ulkolh|fitzerspaniel, HAHA if tech is really that capable a replacement to boots on the ground, they wouldn’t need to raise the VC in the first place 😂  Edit: And quit that lazy “delayed entry into workforce” plea. All our sportsmen have to delay 2 years of their athletic prime to serve the nation too, yet you don’t see them getting out of the system anytime soon...
ulkolh|Rucolacola, Hear me out what if we get 50% male and 50% female to do nation service? Then societal cost would be pretty much the same and there will be gender equality, female empowerment and all the good stuff modern feminist advocate for?
ulkolh|owlbunnysubway, Assuming one takes the arguments at face value - I would then assume that eventually, MINDEF and the Government will be forced to recognise that the ongoing and increasingly exacerbating situation of a need for more manpower in the military cannot be patched over with technology/making our armed forces more efficient (short of a robot army - Terminator wants its plot back).   At some point, it will be obvious that the societal cost of conscripting women will be less than the cost of an ineffectual defense force. Given how important military defense is to Singapore's core identity, that tipping point will come.   At that time, will Minister bite the bullet and make the unpopular but necessary call?
ulkolh|AngelPlayerV1, He should try not saying anything next time.
ulkolh|Roxas_kun, If war affects all regardless of gender, race, language, sexual orientation or religion, why isn't it compulsory for all?
ulkolh|ehe_tte_nandayo, Somehow it is absolutely necessary that all men serve NS, never mind if you're a generational athlete or a boy intending to emigrate but when it comes to women, "Societal cost will far outweigh benefits" before a single woman is even enlisted.
ulkolh|limitedby20character, *sorts by controversial*
ulkolh|BowlGuilty2640, >When Ukraine was invaded by Russia, it required women aged between 18 to 60 years to register for possible military conscription, Dr Ng said.   >   >“Young men and elderly, who are well past their retirement age, also volunteered to fight on the front lines to protect their country,” he said, citing a report about a 79-year-old Ukrainian woman who was filmed at a training ground handling a Kalashnikov assault rifle.   >   >“But we are not there today and hope never to be.”  Both Men and Women in Norway are already serving their Mandatory Conscription in **peacetime**, sir.
ulkolh|Gungalley, Waiting for feminists to join the conversation and rebut him. They were really loud during the last parliament session, but seem to be awfully quiet today.
ulkolh|jkohlc, All genders are equal, but some are more equal than others.
ulkolh|KenjiZeroSan, If there is a timeline where singapore is in war with some country. Just surrender also since the cost will far outweigh benefits. Also, the whole ukraine-russia war should have open our leader's eyes already and yet we are still here? Our military really is just paper for show.
ulkolh|TechRajX, Yo his entire argument was hypocritical
ulkolh|shadstrife123, soo only call upon them when singapore is faced with imminent doom and destruction, then what good can they contribute when they don't have any training?  then if training then is all that's needed, then we do 10 years of reservist for fk? should have just shut up and not open this can of worms
ulkolh|Graeyscale_creates, Penis action party wants penis only
ulkolh|dravidan7, amazing coincidence   every unpopular decision taken for the good of the country just happens to greatly benefits PAP. like race reserved presidency  and every decision that is politically bad for pap just happens to be also bad for the country. like ns for women
ulkolh|MaretimeBayesian, Truly unconvincing. In Israel, the women serve as well: What cost do they bear?   What jokes for leaders we have.
ulkolh|enchantedtotem, Hardcore Simp
ulkolh|tryingmydarnest, A reminder that Aware had been calling for NS for all, to the best fit, to each own ability.
ulkolh|Lyinv, This is a good time to address why in several sectors, males have higher starting pay by a certain amount($20~200) as compared to females due to "National Service"  If the females serve as well, they could be eligible for the higher salary!
ulkolh|Chaosender69, Another potential reason why conscription for both genders is neglected is that even in countries that rank high on gender equality, the ancient notion of men as “just warriors” and women as “beautiful souls”, as described by Elshtain, is hard to dismantle.
ulkolh|naithemilkman, Just do 3 months can liao. The benefits of this will 'far outweigh" the societal cost.
ulkolh|digital_bubblebath, Sexist?
ulkolh|Sir-Spork, This guy, lol, omg.... Its like he wants an angry mob after him
ulkolh|xHarleyy, With leaders like this, who needs enemies?
ulkolh|FrancisDraike, Equality for all or nothing.
ulkolh|Idaho1964, Of course they should do NS.
ulkolh|ziddyzoo, Ukraine has shown the power of a people fully mobilized and committed to their national defence.   If you believe that the security environment in East & South East Asia is deteriorating in the next 1-2 decades - as many serious strategists do.   Then why would you choose to have only 50% of your adult population with some military training and not 100%?  Cut NS duration in half and double the number of participants. Never mind political or wokeness considerations, it is strategically minded.
ulkolh|alilcraziness, Will all men be assigned a woman to form a household with them?  If not, what reason do men have to care that women will be delayed entry into the workforce, and a reduction of household incomes that they are not party to.
ulkolh|Achuapy, In the article they brag about doing more with less manpower. Which begets the question, why are we not transitioning to a professional volunteer force. We already have the gurkhas.
ulkolh|MayhemBlankz, Singapore is going to shit, I'm not staying and watching this shitshow
ulkolh|AdLow266, Singaporeans get what they deserve. I don't want to hear any more complaints.
ulkolh|Own-Measurement9340, Just make a policy for women to have children by the age of 18, and progressively increase the tax on them for every year they fail to have a child.
ulkolh|larryzotter, >MP Poh Li San (PAP-Sembawang), a former flight commander and helicopter search and rescue pilot in the Republic of Singapore Air Force, also asked about the current proportion of SAF servicewomen in senior leadership, and what could be done to increase this.
ulkolh|ThrewawayXxxX, Guys and girls can maybe do half and half? Like 1 year for both instead of 2 for guys
ulkolh|OldProtectionism, There’s a lot of value for women to serve NS. After all the way we fight wars and defend ourselves nowadays is very different from how countries did in the past. Imo there’s a bit of outdated thinking coming from the top, but hopefully that changes in the near future.   But that said if our main motivation for saying that women should serve NS is related to “fairness” and “equality” rather than for actual defence-related interests then maybe there’s something wrong.
ulkolh|minisoo, How’s israel dealing with these so called societal costs?
ulkolh|colddeadplacee, Reason #3253 to vote these dinosaurs out in the next election.  Misogynistic pigs think the only worth of women is to make babies.
ulkolh|hafchiu_pangsai, this is the kind of mansplaining many sheltered feminists approve, plus chop, plus gold star sticker (hell just give him the whole stack!)
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, https://youtu.be/UHD9O7aBHTQ  Just gonna leave this here as I am not seeing a strong and independent group of females that were standing up for equality in office jobs also standing up for equality in national protection. Arguably the most important and privileged thing a human with a country can do.
ulkolh|gizmopoop, Wouldnt it be beneficial if women serve in other forms like healthcare? Recently seen some posts saying healthcare workers are overworked (smth like that). Imagine walking down the streets and fainting, the 23 year old girl instantly rushes to you for idk what first aid procedure, and calling emergency services. Maybe this can create a more resilient and patriotic singapore in the future. I think many shd be trained to respond properly uh, sometimes you see people in video just stand there do nothing, okay maybe they will taking video, thats all.
ulkolh|chikaipii, From my experience with ladies, they do not care much or keep up with politics, they just go with the flow as long as nothing affects them big. If the gahmen were to conscript women, you can expect the uproar and the swing of votes. All ladies will be awakened
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, Waiting for our fellow NSF recruits currently in tekong or other camps to finish their chao recruit training for the day to see this shit.
ulkolh|futboi99, So much for gender equality
ulkolh|SgStormtrooper, So men don’t contribute to anything
ulkolh|shimmynywimminy, SAF gets the manpower it deserves, so I don't want to hear any more complaints
ulkolh|k4tagaki, I don’t think he knows what he means when he says words.
ulkolh|gaha123, Men: exists
ulkolh|captsubasa25, If we define cost based on manpower extracted from the workforce, then we can consider conscripting both genders and reducing service term to 1 year.   2 years, one gender = X amount of NSpersons / year 1 year, both genders also = X amount of NSpersons / year
ulkolh|vicoyh, Doesn't help the regulars sometimes outright dun do their work and outsource to nsfs
ulkolh|etyn100, 😂 joke
ulkolh|2boopsandabionk, What bullshit
ulkolh|OrangeCatPuddle, The fact is, unhappily, this isn't as huge an issue for men to voice their unhappiness through their votes. Unless we speak with our votes, what all these amount to is some grumbling that PAP can shake off.   The only currency that politicians (in a democratic system) recognise is our votes.  Unfortunately, Singapore is a country where politicians can get away with mocking some of their constituent (the right one of course!) and not suffer any consequence.  But for women, who from not having to potentially waste two years of their time to having to do national service - they will of course vote against PAP to demonstrate their unhappiness if enlistment was enacted for them.  What was the saying again?   > When you're accustomed to privilege equality feels like oppression.  Ah, here it is.
ulkolh|Captain-bootleg, Honestly a good bout of NS should cure “princess syndrome”
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, Why not random draft 50% Male 50% Female?   This way you offend less females but make more males happy. Don't have to worry about losing votes in elections.
ulkolh|a1b2c3d4e5_1, Why not just end cheap labor conscription?
ulkolh|CutFabulous1178, Everyone has a part to play in National Defense, the future of warfare is asymmetric and complex.
ulkolh|halloumisalami, So…we should abolish NS altogether so men can enter workforce early as well? Win Win
ulkolh|SnOOpyExpress, Girls should. perhaps this will also have some positive bearing on the birthrates too
ulkolh|betalessfees, Totally off-tangent but I’m viewing this on mobile and for a moment I was wondering why all of them were smoking…
ulkolh|S5olomon, I’m quite glad certain Reddit topics make their way into parliament.
ulkolh|Important-Debt6690, We should be talking about abolishing it now in 2022 and not be thinking on adding women to the list too.
ulkolh|ychwee, I think one of the reasons seldom explored that make mindef unwilling to conscript women is budget related. The govt budget would have to expand significantly to support the upkeep of a NS cohort 2x the current size.  That either means a) more taxes or b) reduced spending in other areas, both would prove much more unpalatable to voters than the impact of women serving 2 years.
ulkolh|hosehliao, Lol. This is particularly bad because they're trying to cover up the real reason for not introducing female conscription. Rather than saying it's the political cost, he's pretending to give practical reasons for not doing that, which could equally apply to males.  Makes him sound senile.
ulkolh|trevorleong, > But at least do more for the NSFs, the remunerations are a joke, even after the most recent increase.   I've always been of the opinion that if you're aren't gonna pay NSFs more/conscript women, at least give more welfare and benefits. It can be free public transport, NSF dining discount (or vouchers), university fee waiver for first year, CPF contribution, etc. It doesn't have to be all, but starting with at least one of them would be a good start.  > These kids spend 2 of their best years of their youth, to serve 5 days a week for the nation.  It's actually more than 5 days a week if you think about it. Book out on Fri evening/night, Book in on Sun night. They won't even give you the weekends to let your mind and body fk off from camp. In addition, there are other things like ops duty clerk 2-4 times a month that is on top of the normal working hours. Not to mention smaller things like CPFA where you have to report to camp extra early just to tire yourself at the start of the day.
ulkolh|tth_ben, You can forget about this. When I was doing my NS more than 20 years ago, I got to read one of the internal GOMs which parroted the usual government BS that NS is a "duty to the country", and that the money being given to the NSFs is not anywhere intended to be a "pay", but merely to be sufficient for the NSF's "daily upkeep". I doubt that's changed 20 years later today.
ulkolh|fall1n1RWI, Damn right. $630 for a recruit is straight up slave labour bullshit.
ulkolh|hunmingnoisehdb, Hike the pay to a million for ministers and tell the conscripts that their service is a privilege that can't be valued in dollars and cents.
ulkolh|i-always-ask-why, Agreed. Pay was fking pathetic as a clerk (I got injured)
ulkolh|arunokoibito, It's mocked as National Slavery for a reason lol
ulkolh|doggodada, Many developed countries that are not at war give a proper pay to conscripts. I guess we are either at war or not developed (I guess politically we're not developed so there's that)  Our defense budget is also fucking high especially as % of GDP, so much so that I've seen a few YouTube videos mentioning this fact about us lol (titled "the most militarized country in the world"). But I guess giving an actual livable pay is too much to ask for despite all those facts 🤷‍♂️
ulkolh|mantism, unfortunately, to the bean counters they'll probably justify the low ~~pay~~ allowance exactly because we are prosperous. Why pay NSFs more when we can put the money elsewhere?  Ministers have to be paid highly to be motivated, though.
ulkolh|Raquelzimmerman0, Carrying heavy weights in shitty environment and weather, sometimes staying extra weekends in camp, getting life long injuries, just to earn less than a part time job. For fucks sake at least medical should be covered for life, my hips and knees are going to wear out faster than everyone else for an extra 350 a month? We get shit food, shit pay and shit benefits, for fucks sake who cares about safra card? Give me medical support!
ulkolh|MetalKirby-, it is a privilege la  not everyone has that privilege even the one that said it
ulkolh|finismorsest, To add on, for most NSFs it would be 5 days a week (weekdays), even worse for those on shift duties and odd hours. Weekend duties means no family time / time for friends/dates.
ulkolh|viwiwi, At least give free transport, insurance, and medical treatment including mental health treatment from enlistment till death or until a person is no longer a Singaporean for any lasting health or mental health problems resulting from training or preparing for training, and assistance in providing civilian vocational training and finding civilian jobs for the job seekers especially the unemployed NSmen who tend to be neglected not only the generals.
ulkolh|iwantsiobak, During my NS time, the most common reason for people AWOLing from my camp was because they needed to work full time jobs to help support their family. Not because they chao keng or anything.   Pay a bloody living wage if you want people to work full time for 2 years. Don't give an excuse that it's allowance or whatever fuck.
ulkolh|Cute_Grapefruit_367, Life is unfair, all the more to fight for change. South Korean conscripts are on track to get paid 2 million won, or 2,181 SGD a month.
ulkolh|griefer55, *Training to be soldiers, fight for our land...*  Gonna MR in one more cycle and I still don't have a home of my own to defend.  Completion of 2 years NS should grant you a guaranteed BTO ballot, and CPF grants equivalent to 2 years' median wage. At least give us some semblance of a notion that this 2 years' sacrifice is worth it. Sound like too good a deal? Let both genders volunteer for NS.
ulkolh|Stealthstriker, > 5 days a week  I wish my weekends were safe when I was a NSF lmao
ulkolh|shadstrife123, govt: ok got it, every SAF will get 10k parked in their retirement CPF account only usable after your own contribution fully withdrawn
ulkolh|Ckcw23, The pay is being given to regulars as their bonus. Gotta keep the morale high to prevent coups.
ulkolh|LookAtItGo123, You cannot measure this privilege in dollars and cents. Time to fall in boy. No thinking allowed!
ulkolh|CrowdGoesWildWoooo, Lifetime CPF contribution should be fair. First, it bridges some income gap between men and women and it make sense since the point of NS is you are practically drafted for the rest of your life although not necessarily in active duty. Besides it is CPF contribution, money you won’t even see in the foreseeable future.
ulkolh|Wide_Protection_9136, $100 credit later this June hahahaha that's how much gahmen think we are worth
ulkolh|GlobalSettleLayer, Yes, neither do I want to see everyone drafted. Just because half the country's population is suffering doesn't mean we have to drag the other half in for spite.  However, I do wish the men get a bit more respect from the government and the opposite sex for covering an existential threat. As of now, NS is seen as some taken-for-granted thing. Like you mentioned, being paid a pittance for what is essentially a full-time job. Either that or we're labelled as smelly and dirty, to be avoided.
ulkolh|Cute_Grapefruit_367, South Korea's new president has pledged to raise the basic conscript pay to 2 million won, or $2,181 a month
ulkolh|ahpau, sadly they dont see it as salary, more like a daily allowance for nsf's to get by while they "do their duty". it always has been, always will be
ulkolh|Achuapy, Mass slavery is the life blood of this country from maids to bangla and nsf
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, Should have CPF too
ulkolh|klingonpigeon, It’s actually way more than a full time job, your average office job doesn’t require you to stay in or work past ~1830
ulkolh|Cute_Grapefruit_367, It's worse than a full time job. In a comparable job the pay would easily be 5k a month to compensate for the risk of injury, terrible working conditions and so on.
ulkolh|adrenaline_junkie88, Minister Ng become that prata JC girl already.   Fuck you Min Ng, just say the truth lah, it's a huge political cost that you and your team don't want to incur. I'm not saying we need to conscript both men and women (though, by doing so, we will be able to boost our defense, not just militarily but in other ways too. Just look at Israel), but don't be a pussy and prata flip reasons.
ulkolh|RectumUnclogger, It's almost as if people with the male anatomy make better soldiers
ulkolh|MayhemBlankz, they want to change the pes f guys to pes e9 instead of making females do ns as well
ulkolh|Cute_Grapefruit_367, "We need more manpower, not womanpower."   - Mindef
ulkolh|faptor87, Same kind of contradiction as:  Reserved Presidency: We need a minority to be President from time to time, so show that minority races can and do become a high office holder.  Prime Minister: Singaporeans are not ready for non-Chinese PM.  That's why I don't trust the government.
ulkolh|jackology, Basically: you want to change, wait for me to retire. I won’t initiate this change, wait for the next suay kia to do this stupid thing.
ulkolh|_Synchronicity-, This reply can be applied to the whole article for each of his arguments.
ulkolh|TheAlphaLion_com, best part is this:  >MP Poh Li San (PAP-Sembawang), a former flight commander and helicopter search and rescue pilot in the Republic of Singapore Air Force, also asked about the current proportion of SAF servicewomen in senior leadership, and what could be done to increase this.  Don't want women to do lowly 2-year NS job but want women to be in SAF senior leadership. LOL
ulkolh|DuhMightyBeanz, Pure double standard against men at its best. I really love defending our country for a pittance /s
ulkolh|chickencheesepie, A better argument would be that women would be delayed in the child rearing years if they had to do NS. Unless of course they were 'allowed' to get pregnant to be exempt from NS, which may actually boost our birth  rate.  Look I just solved our aging population in 30s.
ulkolh|LucarioMagic, Exactly, I went in as a poly grad, come out, 23 years old. Got literally no money to my name. Knn how live? Need like at least 500k to buy HDB ley. fucking cheebai.They pay me what? a shit $500 a month during BMT that increases by a marginal amount if you suffer more shit.  If I work outside, literally McDonalds, I get like what $2k a month? This doesn't even account for better jobs that I could get with my qualifications.So basically by serving NS, I am losing money. MONEY THAT I FUCKING NEED
ulkolh|Pvt_Twinkietoes, men are second class citizens. cannot compare k.
ulkolh|Chinpokomaster05, I think the exact point, without being directly addressed, is the costs for females outweighs potential benefit to the nation. The focus here is the benefits are lesser than if men serve NS.   If there was a time of war where men had to use their NS training, women would similarly be required to join and serve in some capacity. It doesn't make sense why they can't train for this possible scenario just like men have to. It's understood women won't be frontline soldiers but healthcare or other things is very possible.
ulkolh|Ckcw23, Why not use Israel to debunk this fact?
ulkolh|thinkingpanda, His underlying point is that the immediate negative impact on the economy is not worth the “equality” of making women serve NS as well. He is well aware of the gender inequality, but the govt’s position is that it’s not a priority compared to other things.   Whether you agree with that sentiment is another issue, but it’s naive to think you can just conscript women for the sake of “equality” without any consequences.
ulkolh|zenqian, Because LKY is no longer around to win votes.  In all honesty, PAP is majority due to gerrymandering. Instilling this sensitive topic will see them slide into nothingness in a blink of an eye
ulkolh|YWHJ, I agree with LKY not for the reason of being fair but for their own protection. Everyone should know how to handle a gun. In all wars there'll be atrocities committed against women and children. Nobody is considered neutral party.
ulkolh|lolness93, They need to breed
ulkolh|cubitsemut, >so why are the defence council ministers so against it, even 55 years later?  Because they want to protect their "Boys Club" mentality.  After my university, I considered signing on full time, but was discouraged from doing so by a friend who was a full-time regular in the army. Her reasoning was because it's not really 'guts and glory' - more like rampant toxic masculinity and misogyny.
ulkolh|averagechou, The quality of food is horribly bad for $7, where did the money go to
ulkolh|Cute_Grapefruit_367, For some reason the single Western uncle sold a meal that was much better, tastier and heartier, while being just 5.50. I don't know what happened to the economy of scale of the cookhouse.
ulkolh|faptor87, But oh well - the rich (esp officers) wont feel the pinch. Many of whom are from richer families.   The 2 years set back males from poorer families further than males from rich families.  For people like CCS, TCJ, PM Lee, the 2 years isn’t even a sacrifice - they already started their careers then as it is recognised in the public service.
ulkolh|dailydiecastsg, The moon quite bright sometimes.
ulkolh|EpicKimChim, I can confirm this, the cookhouse meals are $7-$8 per meal for lunch and dinner, and is slightly cheaper for breakfast at about $4. For Buka and Sahur Meals the price actually goes up to $14 per meal for our muslim conscripts.  And with regards to the meal rating system. The amount of stars given has to be above a certain amount to be considered satisfactory, which in turn affects the bonus of the aunties and uncles working in the canteen.
ulkolh|ylyn, > deducted from our pathetic ‘allowance’ amongst other ‘secret’ deductions  This isn't true. You don't get more allowance if you eat fewer meals..
ulkolh|shadstrife123, all the important guys all choped and booked le, everyone else is just a number to them
ulkolh|cldw92, Men are disposable, always has been, always will be.  The sooner you accept that society is fucked up, the better your own personal life will be.  Don't surround yourself with people who parrot society's values. Greater society and capitalism has certain ideas of what kind of cog you should be for the greater good; you are under no obligation to follow them. Let the willingly blind and deaf be walked to the guillotine - as an individual, you have no time for that in your short, pathetic, meaningless existence.
ulkolh|Ok-Leg-842, First hand experience...  I applied for a new job but had to take a lower internal grade than what the job advertised because I didnt have the raw requisite years of experience. The advertised internal grade needed 2 more years of experience. Would have qualified if not for NS.
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, White horse... she will just be a soil scientist. Or some other made up vocation which happens to be related to what she wants to study in Uni.  Patrick Tan got deferral to study as a doctor in USA... the country where MBBS is gotten post grad. Their daughters could care less....
ulkolh|potatetoe_tractor, Both my knees are fucked, but cannot claim under service injury despite seeing the MO and a specialist before ORD cuz no one wants to sign it off (“not enough stretching” smlj). Still classified as PES B1L1, so LLST every year gotta take IPPT too. The only way out is to see another specialist on my own dime and see if a partial or total knee replacement is needed (also on my own dime). Perhaps only then will I be able to down-PES and not have to deal with this nonsense.
ulkolh|Prize_Used, > medical should be covered for life  if that's the case, then it would defeat the purpose of having an NS system, the whole point is to pay peanuts and get cheap labor..
ulkolh|TheAlphaLion_com, >To him, a woman serving NS is nothing more than virtue-signalling gender equality  By saying that, he is actually implying that women are weaker than men.
ulkolh|Pvt_Twinkietoes, Men's time worth less. got it.
ulkolh|jackology, He is Master Ng, Ng Shifu, Ng Shit Full.
ulkolh|ManyResponsibilities, talking out of his ass
ulkolh|TheAlphaLion_com, >Free transport or MINDEF cover all transport fares.  Fully agreed. Can't even give NSF free ez-link transport, and they still have to endure people calling them smelly on buses and trains
ulkolh|Probably_daydreaming, Actually the highest earning NSF is Rota commander. Rota commanders earn like 1.6k a month, after factoring allowance, rank pay and risk pay. But there is only a handful of these positions and harder to get than any other vocation plus the fact they handle basically a regular's job. Then again the amount of responsibilities and danger is really high.
ulkolh|jackology, Free transport, provided you are happy to stay in camp and only ride tonners.
ulkolh|shadstrife123, yup and any lifelong injury better be damn well documented or the documents can get lost in the system and the G is no longer liable.   and what about life long effects on your body based on what you did in the army? all not covered
ulkolh|Wide_Protection_9136, Ya lor. Even company sponsor transport fees. Knn reservist I need to pay my transport from East to West. Fight for my country where is my country fighting for me.
ulkolh|risingsuncoc, there is hardly any risk of this demographic mass switching to vote for another party anyway.
ulkolh|KenjiZeroSan, The question is do we need 2 years? For people who had served I think the answer was always there. It's just that our gov wants to cheap out and cut cost while using the male population of this country to hold "vocations" without paying the full price for one.
ulkolh|elmachosierra, probably cos "male dominated industries" of construction and garbage collection are filled with low paid migrant workers.
ulkolh|lolness93, Apparently, talking about how woman needs to enter the work force earlier and all that BS, I guess us guys don't really need a job or further education
ulkolh|2boopsandabionk, its not a cost, its a privilege ok? /s
ulkolh|Cute_Grapefruit_367, I think everyone, regardless of gender, should push the pay/female conscription issue. Either the government will be forced to admit that  A) We don't need that many people because of national security, we just want cheap labour B) Conscripts are getting paid far less than they should
ulkolh|ehe_tte_nandayo, "Some of you may die, but it's a sacrifice I am willing to make"   -Lord Farquaad
ulkolh|geft, I don't think there will be too many next generation peeps anyway.
ulkolh|Cute_Grapefruit_367, Real reason is women are half the vote. If they conscript females, instantly at least 20%, if not more, switches to opposition. Thats a -10% to PAP and +10% to opposition. In the best case, they barely maintain majority.
ulkolh|StareintotheSun2020, What the TAF club could not do...the army will..
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, [Here](https://imgur.com/XoO3uC0)
ulkolh|gojiraa69, When it's time to speak up for true equality, all you'll hear are crickets.
ulkolh|TsarIvanTheTerrible, Honestly I’d love to do NS. I do think National Service can be more diversified as well in terms of the roles offered and that women can benefit and contribute meaningfully.
ulkolh|Mark4291, Before the usual misogynistic arguments come in, I think it’s necessary to remember that literally nobody wants to serve NS and I don’t blame women if they don’t want to. Ideally IMO we should abolish it entirely or relegate it to civil defence jobs for both genders that actually have some kind of use during peacetime.
ulkolh|normificator, They want equal rights but not equal responsibilites
ulkolh|Exofanjongdae, I agree with someones suggestion here for ladies to do ns if they do not have 2 kids because i think women are already penalised in the workforce when they go for maternity.
ulkolh|SomeChampion, To be fair, if your women and men are forced to maintain "fighting fitness", they are also more likely to be maintaining "reproductive fitness".
ulkolh|ThumbBee92, Their ability to maintain a high birthrate has  more to do with cultural and religious beliefs than with their military program.
ulkolh|faptor87, Just like how the govt thinks that Singaporeans are not ready for a non-Chinese PM?   (But somehow, we are ready for a Malay President. Unless of course, the govt thinks that minorities can only take up non executive roles in govt?)
ulkolh|NovaSierra123, Cost and benefits to their results at the polls. Now it's politically beneficial to show support to women and the elderly. In the future it may be something else. Politicians never truly care about the society they lead; it's all for the votes.
ulkolh|MyWholeTeamsDead, No, no. PAP unironically thinks this way:  - If we mandate women into NS - We lose a huge amount of votes - We lose supermajority, maybe even majority - Singapore backslides 30 years in economic progress, country is ruined - Only keeping us in power will keep us progressing - Therefore we cannot allow [X situation]* to change  *Replace with 377A, women in NS, whatever
ulkolh|wiltedpop, guys let's vote PAP out if they stonewall gender equality. the entire article is garbage it would be better if he just said no comment lol
ulkolh|ahpau, doesnt benefit their business, hence #2yearsonly
ulkolh|limitedby20character, #WomenInTech #WomenInNS
ulkolh|illiamss3, #diversity #empowerment
ulkolh|faptor87, Yes. Exactly. I don’t trust the govt.
ulkolh|ZZzZNuP, agreed
ulkolh|touchmeenot, IMO not that easy a solution to implement, I’m all for reducing NS duration but it takes time to train operationally ready soldiers. I don’t think it’s that easy because there are many different training requirements for the numerous vocations in SAF/SPF/SCDF eg. A full infantry battalion can take > 1 year to train up if you include commander training periods as well as evaluations. Of course there is much room for  improvement when it comes training efficiency. During my NS I spent 2 months doing nothing while waiting for my men who just enlisted to complete their BMT.
ulkolh|ILoveLoveBitconnect, I believe shortening it will please most stakeholders.   2 years is too long, if it’s 1.25 years, it will be very palatable for most males
ulkolh|MetalKirby-, served 2 years and in uni i hear girls saying all men are pigs and propagate their feminist agenda lmao   thank you singapore  please clap for NSmen and NSFs at 8pm thank you  and MP please cry more in parliament thank you
ulkolh|faptor87, Man, I wish I could give you more upvotes, but I can only give one.
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, Other way around. They command a huge salary since they are able to get away with bullshit reasoning.
ulkolh|TheAlphaLion_com, well, it's the same people who do a "global search for talent" and end up selecting SAF generals to run our GLCs
ulkolh|SmirkingImperialist, Never go full Volkssturm. That's. Too. Fucking. Late.   Contemporary wars are "come as you are". You go to war now with what you have, or you lose. You will barely have enough time to mobilise your ready reserves, much less Volkssturms. The issue is officer cadres, officers, and NCOs.  If active and half-strength units are chewed up, you are out of officers and NCOs to direct the next wave of units. The last-ditch Volkssturms will just serve as cannon fodders and pointless deaths.
ulkolh|marcuschookt, If Malaysia invades via Tuas Checkpoint, do you think we have enough time to put the ladies through a truncated BMT before they reach Redhill?
ulkolh|fitzerspaniel, It’s sad that our decision makers don’t even bother to learn from Ukraine. Who knows if their doctrinal thinking of “tech trumps manpower” is really as effective in holding the tide as they said it would be?
ulkolh|dravidan7, > Just like how we needed a pandemic to realize that we are short of healthcare workers (but still don't think women can contribute to that aspect of national service)?  since healthcare nvr breakdown. no one is going to change course. infact its gonna be used as justification of how the current model works
ulkolh|OrangeCatPuddle, That's what he says now, which is highly suspect to begin with.  But if Ukraine is any indicator, men will probably be forced to fight while women are given the choice to either evacuate or be enlisted (i.e. get a say in the matter)
ulkolh|faptor87, Well, when enlisting males, the message is : we cannot wait till there is a threat before we build up an army - we must be ready at all times.  When the topic of enlisting women comes up: nah, wait till there is a war.
ulkolh|Cute_Grapefruit_367, Their doublethink is stunning. So there's an existential threat to Singapore from Malaysia because we need to protect ourselves, can't rely on others etc. But when it comes to women, we're in no threat?
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, Scholarships to Uni and higher subsidized medical care will be strong cases
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, Do it
ulkolh|daedric_blackout, Do it. Let the world know of this blatant discrimination.
ulkolh|grown-ass-man, Please do. Any of the male support subreddits will be good as well.
ulkolh|MetalKirby-, which incumbent will want do this and lose political favour?  Later u see parliament a lot of MP start crying how?
ulkolh|TheAlphaLion_com, >That's a pathetic amount. Can't even do the fun camp ?  Exactly. If his argument is 2 full years causes a lot of problem, then the least they can do is to have women go for summer camps, whether it is to learn how to shoot or how to do first aid or how to put out a fire. 4 months a year during uni holidays \* 4 years of uni = 16 months already, without delaying their entry into the workplace.  \[edit: actually can just do this for everyone la. instead of bloody wasting 2 full years for half the citizen population\]
ulkolh|HildegardeWaynick, > It seems all other developed countries in the world figured out how to staff their police force or emergency services with cops, medics and firefighters without needing conscription. So I don't see how there is a national need to conscript teens for SCDF or SPF.   What if we eliminate all the excess middle management fat in the civil service, and put that spare funding into paying a living wage for fulltime SCDF/SPF employees?  But noooooo, the useless fuckwits in SFA and other useless alphabet soup stat boards need to feel important!
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, And $$$
ulkolh|MayhemBlankz, I'm moving. Fuck singapore.
ulkolh|daedric_blackout, Reminds me of the video where they interviewed a girl and she said she supported NS but didnt want to serve.
ulkolh|jackology, > Let’s prove him wrong ladies!  Crickets…
ulkolh|MetalKirby-, send them to non combat vocations  The feminist: that is gender discrimination  Mindef: send them to combat vocations also  Feminist: …
ulkolh|Puzzleheaded_Horse89, Yeah ladies! Show him how powerful and independent you are!!!  ....  anyone?
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, Feminists: [Umm...](https://imageproxy.ifunny.co/crop:x-20,resize:640x,quality:90x75/images/7de5144af5cf62323ceea4804aa9f425a0422abba6c22e822cccaf491fbb6203_1.jpg)
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, > Maybe they shouldn't have to enlist right after school, maybe they should be able to choose when to enlist within a certain time period (like Korea) so they can better choose a period that would affect their career minimally (it'll affect their career no matter what anyway).  Maybe patrick tan can share his wisdom on this matter...
ulkolh|lolness93, Half the forces going awol
ulkolh|MetalKirby-, even if they join and serve lesser also okay  as long they play their part, and go through the experience in being integrated to the nation defense and not just economic pillar…
ulkolh|gojiraa69, MORE RIGHTS = LESS RESPONSIBILITIES  FTFY
ulkolh|DivaWorldCships, Chui gong lampa song
ulkolh|hullabaloov, you're speaking common sense, that's the problem. The reality is the word of a common citizen is nothing compared to that of the "elected". Your betters spoke & have decided for you.
ulkolh|Pyrrylanion, A certain former JC student will tell you how beneficial NS is, but would refuse to serve when asked if she would do so...
ulkolh|Pvt_Twinkietoes, Yea. So many positions that should be held by full time staffs, and a whole vocation of ppl just to do guard duty. What a waste of people's time.
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, All the women complaining about civil service giving an extra $300 in starting pay to men should welcome this.
ulkolh|ShadeX8, Any policy that a credible opposition party doesn’t weigh in on to oppose, we can assume is something deemed not widely supported by the general public. That’s how politics work.
ulkolh|faptor87, Lol, no they won’t. It’s already a fact that there isn’t enough manpower. Platoons and sections are already smaller than other military counterparts.   It’s obviously a political motivation behind sidestepping the issue of enlisting women.   But they also want the political rewards for supporting gender equality (they want more women votes after a lacklustre showing in GE2020).
ulkolh|Pyrrylanion, Our government is so far off from Norway to even look to them for anything.  The Norwegians put that infamous domestic terrorist of theirs in a **hotel quality jail cell**. He has an xbox in his cell too, for fucks sake! That dude even complained about not having enough console games to play in his cell too, WTF.  That is maximum security prison, Norway style.  Our maximum security criminals sleep on a mat on a hard concrete floor. Everything is made transparent, even toothpaste, because every criminal is assumed to be potentially violent and everything could be turned into a tool for violence or something.  We can only dream about following Norway on their enlightened ways to treat people. It says alot about the Norwegians, as they could treat even a violent and derranged criminal like Anders Breivik like a proper human being.  Edit: context for that downvoter, since they didn’t get it.  if our govt can treat violent criminals like people and not violent “animals”, it means that they view people as people and they are committed to it, no matter how far it goes.  When people are **people** and not statistics for **votes or GDP**, we can have **real** social changes like Norway, instituting **fair** conscription regardless of gender.  Right now, men in NS is not viewed as human beings in their high level decision making. Men in NS is just statistics that contribute to military capability. People become a statistic and real human concerns were simplified into some numbers.   Gender equality isn’t viewed as giving **human beings** equal rights, it’s merely some political calculation and scheme to harness the female votes. That’s why they aren’t interested in absolute equality, only what sells to the feminists and female voters, because to them, it’s more statistics.  The Norway prison example may not be obvious to a simple mind. Norway treat all humans as humans, deserving of rights, equality, and all that. To that extent, they are prepared to extend it to murderers. **That is their level of commitment.**  What is our elites’ level of commitment? Are we considered as human beings by the higher powers, or merely just statistics, metrics, fools, irrelevant peasants that should know better than to speak, or worse?  This is the difference. Anything can be read to tell you a lot, just like how that seemingly irrelevant prison example is enlightening.
ulkolh|gojiraa69, They won't come out. But an imaginary pay gap? You see misandrists come out in hordes
ulkolh|mrwongz, Residents*
ulkolh|normificator, 2 legs good, 3 legs badddd
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, You are somewhat right. But that is not a conversation for now...
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, HAHAHAH my boi Ng went home tonight to a happy wife and daughter.
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, First get them to tekong, we can discuss the rest later.
ulkolh|discretemeth, Higher only if you compare both parties with similar years of experience. when u compare by age, females have 2 extra years of experience in the working environment. thats way more useful than 2 years of ns where most skills learnt cannot be applied in real life.
ulkolh|TheEverCurious, Your post also makes me wonder, why is it that Singapore doesn't have a mercenary force/Security company (like say, Black Water) and offer it's services elsewhere as a police/military security force? Make it entirely voluntary for people to join.  Our nation of troops/generals could become a very effective proper fighting force that way, bring in tons of revenue and have a test bed for all the stuff we're developing in ST and also validate if the 4G/5G army concepts make sense.  I'm probably over simplifying this while ignoring the cost of PTSD, lives, and political environment, but I always did wonder why that's the case.
ulkolh|marcuschookt, I've long been of the opinion that our military doctrine shouldn't be predicated on sheer numbers anyway.   Our little landmass is small enough for any semi-competent opposing force to march from end to end in well under a week, I really don't think the 500k or so deployable NS personnel would do that much more good than a considerably smaller force.
ulkolh|tryingmydarnest, Gurkhas are mercenaries.
ulkolh|normificator, Where you gonna go? Gynocentrism is global in the Anglosphere.
ulkolh|Kokokrunch_, National pastime - complain and LLST.
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAH Dystopian as fuck but I like it
ulkolh|Pvt_Twinkietoes, The answer is to have more women in the force :)
ulkolh|Ryzier, Yep there is. And that something wrong is the fact that defense is every citizen's responsiblity - regardless of gender, race or religion.
ulkolh|lormeeorbust, To be fair, I've seen girls on tiktok talking about how they feel pain during childbirth so they shouldn't have to do NS, but when people ask about those who don't give birth then they diam diam.
ulkolh|Worms_sg, Lol what a ridiculous statement. It’s the complete opposition of misogyny, it’s misandry.  Males are REQUIRED to serve NS, while women are NOT REQUIRED. Only a champion of mental gymnastics can spin that into the law favouring men.
ulkolh|caramellocone, If they thought that, women would be forced to make babies under threat of prison.  This is misandry, not misogyny. I'm not even sure how you think that not forcing women to be slaves = misogyny.
ulkolh|jinhong91, This PAP minister seems braindead to me. It's either that or they are discriminatory, don't know which one is worse for them.
ulkolh|gojiraa69, Uhm, no one is saying that's their only worth... People are just pointing out the double standard here. But ok.
ulkolh|gojiraa69, Because there's no money and prestige involved
ulkolh|woowombat, NS needs to be reformed so that it’s not just narrowly military service, but an actual “National Service” more broadly encompassing healthcare and other fields.   All during the pandemic, I kept thinking how advantageous it would have been to have healthcare “reservists” to activate. You’re telling me the PAP is so stupid that they don’t see that?
ulkolh|gojiraa69, Awakened from the hypocrisy? One can hope
ulkolh|metaHC, Imagine u have to serve ns but ur buddy don't have to, fuck that shit man luck never on my side
ulkolh|Ironclaw85, They are trying to engage the younger generation by spitting on their concerns
ulkolh|gojiraa69, Brilliant idea. Who will defend? You? The enemies are shaking.
ulkolh|SpongeBobBobPants, What? Abolish?  If our birth rate hit 2, ah gong may consider. Now 1.12, you want to abolish. Then who defend?
ulkolh|GeshtiannaSG, Mindef hasn't been what people asked for in quite a while. Currently, the push for NS is in medical services, and what a good excuse to bump up healthcare budget. In any case, the budget for paying NSFs isn't that much, most of the military budget will be there regardless (stockpiling weapons that don't get used). For example, we have a lot of them missiles, but to actually use them? For most NSFs, once in a lifetime.
ulkolh|Wide_Protection_9136, Agree can't even reimburse NSmen transport for reservist. Piang eh I travel from East to West. Fight for my country but country don't fight for me.
ulkolh|WildRacoons, Lots of AWOL people who see no choice but to work outside to support their young and dependent family. The support is obv shit.   It’s ok to pay the middle class peanuts if they still live off their parents but some people actually need a living wage.
ulkolh|MyBestAintEnough, Still got guard duty on the weekends, often as frequent as every other week. Guard duty on weekends are 24hrs. Cannot book out on friday as saturday early morning have to take over only to end on sunday morning. Book out around sunday noon, travel 1hr 30min to reach home touch the wall, travel another 1hr30mins back to camp to book back in again on Sunday night, often by 8pm. Great times
ulkolh|Ckcw23, Daily upkeep? Really? Then why don’t people live on that then?
ulkolh|yhiewm, Hey now, it is not slave labour! It says so very clearly in the [constitution](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/Act/CONS1963?ProvIds=pr10-)  >Slavery and forced labour prohibited   >  >10.—(1)  No person shall be held in slavery.   >(2)  All forms of forced labour are prohibited, but Parliament may by law provide for compulsory service for national purposes.
ulkolh|tth_ben, Even lesser than foreign workers. But yet if you're "lucky", you have to be involved in construction of the Padang stands.
ulkolh|SrJeromaeee, It was even more pathetic when I was serving . 500 bucks per MONTH. Even old uncle aunty clean table part time make more than us .  *However, unlike my batch mates I wasn’t salty when we didn’t get the increase. Good for the new recruits and it’s about damn time . Still , more has to be done. *
ulkolh|tth_ben, In my time, it was barely $300 for a recruit. Literally would just barely be enough for 3 meals a day at a hawker centre, let alone a food court or a restaurant.
ulkolh|neokai, >$630 for a recruit is straight up slave labour bullshit.  I used to be paid $200... my last drawn NS pay was $240. And this is in the 2000s.
ulkolh|Pvt_Twinkietoes, Pay is pathetic for every NSF.
ulkolh|2boopsandabionk, No need for the got injured caveat. No shame in being a clerk even if u werent injured. not like we get a choice as to where cmpb posts us
ulkolh|zenqian, Ya sia  I get more as a Tekong recruit Vs being a clerk 🥲
ulkolh|Intentionallyabadger, Did a quick Google search out of curiosity. Wanted to make some comparisons.. but I realised all conscript pay is rubbish.   Governments really do get away with this.
ulkolh|Unigie, Per 2015 numbers, there were 30000 conscripts in the SAF (the latest official figures I could find)     If we paid them, 18k a year (roughly McDonalds crew pay 1.5k a month) that would total up to 540,000,000 (Five Hundred and Forty Million)     Unfortunately, I am not able to find sources as to how much current NSmen Pay takes up as a percentage of the SAF budget but I do imagine it's less than half of that figure.     Meaning, that either we spend more on defence or we cut back on equipment.     It must be noted that Defence spending is already roughly 18-20% of all government expenditure already, so raising spending is not going to be easy, and cutting back on stuff like equipment acquisition and exercises isn't going to fly either since that would in their view compromise the defence of Singapore.
ulkolh|somewhere_now, Coming from r/all, I have done conscription in Finland, we were paid 5 euros per day during first six months, during last three months of the 12 month service it was 12,5 euros per day, don't remember anymore months 7-9 but that was in between. This was under 10 years ago, I believe today the figures are similar, maybe adjusted a little for inflation.   I'm curious how much you guys get in Singapore?
ulkolh|Ckcw23, Or civil servants like SAF regulars .
ulkolh|Ckcw23, For real? Wow, for a country that also treat their soldiers like crap, that’s actually pretty decent pay.
ulkolh|Prize_Used, 10k for 2 years of service, what a steal!!!!
ulkolh|Prize_Used, now that's a nation that respect its conscripts
ulkolh|Minamo-sensei, A president that deserves the votes for sure
ulkolh|clusterfuvk, probably 2-4k, if you compare directly to the regulars pay
ulkolh|wiltedpop, lol don't get too far ahead of yourself. let's talk about just getting to a basic McDonald's pay yeah
ulkolh|kumgongkia, Honestly what political cost? If they can get away with so many things they can get away with this.  I'm sure there are measures in place for that "oh shit" moment.
ulkolh|thelastresort87, i dont think he is staying for the next election so they are putting him up to say all sort of rubbish. I will gladly do my part to vote him out if he does stand though.
ulkolh|Sproinkerino, At what point is it a major human rights issue where they start forcing a mentality ill or crippled to work
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, Needs to be personpower
ulkolh|show-up, The people have got to bring change by voting.
ulkolh|risingsuncoc, > “These are inadequate justifications or reasons to mandate that someone must suspend individual liberties as a civilian, give up two years of his or her life, and if they do not, they go to jail, as our courts have sentenced NS defaulters.”  this one too
ulkolh|Anirandomic, Facts
ulkolh|minnyhow, what can be done to increase proportion of women in SAF senior leadership?  mandatory 2-year NS for women so they can have the necessary experience and a fair fighting chance at leadership positions lor.  oh wait...
ulkolh|nekosake2, SAF is roughly 92% male and 8% female. But lets make the senior leadership 50-50.   Big Brain moment right here
ulkolh|Puzzleheaded_Horse89, imho i dont have issue if women wants more decision-making/leadership roles and opportunites.  It just mean they must be wiling to bear the burden of society equally. And they must prove to be the best qualified for the profession.  If men are made to serve 2 years PLUS 10 years of reservists commitment, they must too.  Its fking ridiculous if men, who already had to serve NS, can lose a position because he wasnt the right gender even if he is the most qualified.   If positions have to be filtered through gender requirements, then say fking goodbye to meritocracy. So what is it Gahmen?  Meritocracy? Equal opportunity? Equal gender representation? Which one?
ulkolh|mantism, people fighting for actual gender equality are getting trounced off by these clowns  some of the points are ultimately valid - there's no point conscripting everyone just to force the idea of gender equality, but they conveniently avoid the elephant in the room that there's no need for NS to be executed at its current capacity.   entirely article boils down to "it's ok for all Singaporean and second-gen PR males to be forced to serve, we don't need women in conscription role. Oh and btw we want more females to sign on and be LTCs, we have too much men over there"  Also, last I heard, SAF was meeting manpower issues because there's not a lot of people nowadays. I'm sure SPF and SCDF will be experiencing similar issues.
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, Women are already automatically on fast track...
ulkolh|Thefunincaifun, Helicopter Helicopter
ulkolh|Zoisen, "DiVeRsITy"
ulkolh|helloween123, How sexist can Singapore be lollll… gender equality.. my foot!
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, Aligned with every other #WomenIn[xxx].
ulkolh|jackology, Poh Li San. 玻璃山.
ulkolh|skribe, Think of all the PR boys that get to defend someone else's country for a pittance /s.
ulkolh|t_25_t, Don’t view everything in dollars and cents /s
ulkolh|jackology, Privilege. Privilege. Privilege.   Ok. Now you sign 50 extra. Go write this word until your Paper Mate Kilometrico Pen runs out of ink.
ulkolh|TheAlphaLion_com, "Not married with 2 children by the age of 40? OFF TO CAMP"  Great benefit to Singapore fertility rate. Congrats comrade
ulkolh|rizone21, Hear hear!
ulkolh|QubitQuanta, Holy sh\*t, that's brilliant! How about we make it both.  All can defer NS till age 25 - applicable to men and women. If no child by Age 25, must serve 2-year NS? A big thing about having children is the opportunity cost, having it was either 2 year NS/child will really balance things!
ulkolh|geft, And of course women prefer to marry someone earning higher than them, despite their 2 years head start. Oh and guys better own a house lol.
ulkolh|lawlianne, Haha, imagine how much of the non-elderly population would just take the next plane out of SG to safety.
ulkolh|Puzzleheaded_Horse89, Of course its not a priority, unless its the other way around. Then you see the govt more than willing to bend backwards to score points.   The fact that the men are made to suffer more than a mild inconvenience for a paltry pay but when was the last time the govt talked seriously about men's issues?  Its women this women that because they are downloading the playbook and terminologies from western social politics who are drastically different in nature and culture.
ulkolh|BlackCatSylvester, But it's like arguing women should not do maternity leave, because it negatively impact their economic participation... Just give em 3 day MC and back to work?
ulkolh|-_af_-, According to studies men earn more, in that case shouldn't women go serve NS instead of men so that there is positive impact on the economy?
ulkolh|theonechan, I think a lot of people are pressured to give 5 stars for shit food. Need everyone to keep whacking those scores into 1s before anyone gets their ass up to change it.
ulkolh|thelastresort87, bloody PAP cronies. that's where
ulkolh|littlefiredragon, This. You would think with economy of scale, those SFI or whatever it is now can mass cook cheaply with ingredients purchased in sheer bulk regularly, but almost any food court cai png can match that quality at a lower price. Some creative accounting has been happening for too long.
ulkolh|custom_fish_69, Food is prepared by SFI, right? Whatever company it is it’s pretty big. Someone’s gotta pay for the CEO’s luxury goods
ulkolh|caramellocone, If it's really $7, it means someone up there is getting a lot of taxpayer dollars for their GCB
ulkolh|zchew, >And with regards to the meal rating system. The amount of stars given has to be above a certain amount to be considered satisfactory, which in turn affects the bonus of the aunties and uncles working in the canteen.  this means they're (Cookhouse operators) weaponising the aunties and uncles to cover up for their own inadequacies and securing *their* own profits and bonuses.
ulkolh|HelluPanda, I mean look at SCDF & SPF… no cook house once post out hence we get meal allowance money
ulkolh|Maplestori, That’s not what I meant and not what I said. What I meant was we obviously do not get to choose the number of meals, they just get deducted without most of our knowledge all in the name of ‘meals’
ulkolh|dialectrical, And if you agree with this, don’t have children since you’ll then be willingly feeding them into society’s gaping maw. I agree with your premise that society sucks and will never have children.   We all keep saying “you have to accept this and that in life.” But why? The reason is that you were forced into “meaningless, pathetic” existence.  Plenty of people don’t agree with this and have children and I’m okay with their choice too. But I can never inflict this life and its inherent unfairness and capriciousness on someone by forcing them into existence.
ulkolh|Afk94, r/im14andthisisdeep
ulkolh|rawzei, Sadly that how civilization thrive man need to be disposable and women are allowed to thrive.
ulkolh|djmatt85, She’s a doctor lol so will be a MO anyway
ulkolh|R-X89, Ehhhh, as a civil engineer, soil scientist is a thing in my field. Pretty important role too, since they determine the soil properties to determine building foundation design. Don't compare them to her "supposed" role if she gets to be conscripted 🤣
ulkolh|MetalKirby-, where my feminists at?
ulkolh|redbeanbao, It is true that the average woman is weaker than the average man though, so it makes sense for men to be sent to NS instead.   If you ask me, I think it should be made mandatory for women to be trained in other supporting roles like healthcare and basic survival skills, so in times of war, we actually know how to help.   But it's also not a wrong idea that sending everyone to NS for 2 years is going to drain resources in other industries. In essence, govt wants to make sure there are sufficient resources, and it's easier for them to sacrifice all men to do so. And no one can do anything about it cos we ain't the g.
ulkolh|Puzzleheaded_Horse89, Men's time, life and value worth less and easily expendable. Correction.
ulkolh|saiyanjesus, It's really crazy that something as simple as a EZ-link for NSFs have be something we fight for.
ulkolh|independentsnorlax, Commando/NDU officers get that amount too.  Then again what is 1.6k, you can't do much with it. One meal at the most atas place, it's gone.
ulkolh|Disastrous_Motor9856, Sorry a bit ignorant about that subject. What’s ROTA?
ulkolh|Disastrous_Motor9856, Also depend on vocation mah. For example I’m a security trooper that gets moved from camp to camp. One day i go jurong camp, another day they suddenly ask me go cck, when i ask transport how? They say “figure yourself la, see you at 20:00”
ulkolh|Disastrous_Motor9856, Yeah i seriously don’t understand. On my first day, i travelled by myself with my chunky bags to one of the center to get my 11b and everything and it was so ulu and i walked like quite a bit because its my first time going there.   Then once I’m fully enlisted, i would take mrt from pasir ris to boon lay and back and forth. Literally from one end to the other end. For $2 per mrt trip then $1 for bus ride estimated and it was adding up as well, especially when a section-mates get covid and the whole section get sent home and dump at ferry terminal in the middle of the night.   I remember asking a very lao jiao officer about pay. His exact answer was “MINDEF have done the math and we concluded that $630 is enough for you/NSFs to survive off”. Nothing about the citizen’s future or anything. Basically saying “you born here, we own you, now work for the amount that we designate”
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, Not until they conscript women...
ulkolh|Prize_Used, not really, the IT industry is also a male dominated industry.  Top 5 Male dominated industries in SG,  Politics, Aviation, Engineering, IT, Marinetime.
ulkolh|Intentionallyabadger, But ah.. the ones affected can’t vote.   The one who are past the time can vote.   So will it be a case of sinkie pwn sinkie or not?
ulkolh|MiloGaoPeng, Funny. I mean it. At the same time, there's so much said with those 2 sentences:  * She thinks she's already a better person than most men. * She thinks women don't have to train themselves * She thinks women don't have to be more responsible. * She thinks she's more responsible than most men. * It's useful for men, not useful for women. * Men can push back studies for the nation, women can't.  Sure. That's where we all learn how to roti prata our words too. Thanks.
ulkolh|SnOOpyExpress, sounded like how AWARE works  ...
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, > I do think National Service can be more diversified as well in terms of the roles offered  You think NS is some SME going the DEI route? Offer up some fringe roles to make up the numbers?
ulkolh|MiloGaoPeng,  I agree. There are indeed many roles that would suit a woman more than a man, be it security-related or not. There are also skills that would serve both men and women well in both peacetime and in times of conflict.  Take for an example, in security checks when there are female civilians involved, and the military could do with some female officers and personnel to handle female civilians.  Alternatively, it would also be of great service if a female engineer can now do first-aid thanks to her 2 years of national service, or lead better in a male-dominated environment.
ulkolh|Probably_daydreaming, I think the solution is that there is only 2 options, either NS is abolished or women join men in national service.  The problem is that most women have no idea what NS is or what do we do. To even my closest female friends, they don't understand that NS isn't just doing push ups everyday for 2 years. They don't understand what is POP or ORD. They don't understand the mundane jobs we do or the shit we deal with when in camps. The feeling of having to book in and not have any home comforts. They don't understand that as guys, we don't want to suffer but our own ability to accept that this is life and go through it makes us look so nonchalant and capable.  The problem is that so many women don't know what is NS and because it doesn't affect them, they have no interest in fighting against the system. The other problem is that once women start fighting, they get caught in the crossfire and it will lead down the path of women having to serve. This is because so many women enjoy sexist views of older men considering them weaker and not worth serving. Once you start arguing for equality, that's where it becomes hard argue that women who fight for equality should serve.  And I think that's the issue, unless more women are willing to accept the consequences of being forced to serve NS to abolish NS most of them won't put their own lives at risk of helping men.
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, *If*
ulkolh|MiloGaoPeng, Take no offence, to a certain extent, that is whataboutism.  Because guys who entered NS have different backgrounds and circumstances as well. Before and after NS. Of course, not being penalised for maternity, but penalised for a longer education route.  In fact, so often commanders in NS are well aware that there are men who needs to earn a living to support their household and serving NS reduces their household income. This is just an example of how our personal choices, background and circumstances should be empathised but not act as a determining factor in policy making.  Policy-making aims to equalise the playing field where the law is to be as impartial as possible. Although, debating whether the law in SG is impartial or not is a different topic altogether.
ulkolh|plstellmewhyitisso, #empowerWOment  Please check your privilege at the door
ulkolh|Takemypennies, The unwilling serving the ungrateful.
ulkolh|Puzzleheaded_Horse89, by the time the sms send out Malaysia already visiting Universal Studios Sentosa.
ulkolh|danielwongsc, First cohort are those woman MP! 😀
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, Cancel all other CCA for girls. They can instead join NCC from Primary to Uni.
ulkolh|nextlevelunlocked, > in SFA and other useless alphabet soup stat boards   Seems like you have a story about SFA to share ?
ulkolh|Wide_Protection_9136, Smart move while other singaporeans must continue serving reservist. Pui must pay their own transport fees to camp....
ulkolh|MaretimeBayesian, Amen to that. Fuck this garbage country.
ulkolh|Minamo-sensei, Good luck!!! 🙂 Forced loyalty to state is something that only belongs to the past century
ulkolh|Pvt_Twinkietoes, Too bad it's taken down already.
ulkolh|Neptunera, 🦗🦗
ulkolh|samglit, That's the thing he's disagreeing with.  Stop buying into that narrative of "everyone must play their part".  If don't need means don't need, so if it's just a matter of having X number of reservists, the government should explain why women can't take on that role so everyone can MR by 30 with only 3 high key exercises.
ulkolh|Budget_HRdirector, Sorry, what does FTFY mean?
ulkolh|FreeLegendaries, "Everyone else go serve for me"
ulkolh|Salt_Leopard, Of course, and when we, as the electorate, should make it clear that we would support the policy (or the opposition of the policy). Otherwise, it'll just be whining on reddit.   So to those opposition members browsing, do take note of this. You'll get my (single) vote.
ulkolh|GeshtiannaSG, Putting terrorists in hotels really is a good thing, I agree. It shows that they believe in treating the lowest rungs of society well, that prison is reformatory not punitive, unlike our lip service yellow ribbons. (I forgot which country, but I saw recently someone say that escaping prison is not a crime because of basic human right to be free - they will get recaptured, but no extra charges of escaping.) And pretty much everything else lip service, like the government being there for Singaporeans, but when pushed to define "Singaporeans", can't even do so properly.
ulkolh|ZZzZNuP, 😂
ulkolh|jackology, Singaporean are mercenaries.   FTFY.
ulkolh|Achuapy, It shows Singaporeans are accepting of mercs to meet security needs. Also doubly useful to make up any shortfall of volunteers.
ulkolh|JesusLololol, We can also ask: "if you dont want to give birth, should you go to jail?" If they want to use giving birth as an alternative to NS then why can some choose to not do it?   Its not like guys can choose not to serve.
ulkolh|daedric_blackout, If the guys are legally mandated to do national service, do those girls want to be legally mandated to bear children?
ulkolh|HildegardeWaynick, > girls on tiktok talking about how they feel pain during childbirth so they shouldn't have to do NS  Look, if those wastes of skin view their entire personhood to only revolve around the function of their ovaries and uterus, their opinion doesn't matter.  The best riposte to that kind of bleating is, "So, the only thing you're good for is to give birth and cringedance on tiktok?"
ulkolh|Neptunera, So are these tiktok girls advocating for mandatory childbirth program like some alleged [Lebensborn](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lebensborn)?  Jesus that's a whole lot darker than just serving 2 years lmao.
ulkolh|Puzzleheaded_Horse89, Giving birth is optional.   Serving NS is not.    Stupid comparison these girls make. If they want to talk stupid, then introduce stupid rule "if not pregnant with child by 22, OFF YOU GO TO BOOTCAMP."
ulkolh|Achuapy, That's how Thailand does it
ulkolh|SomeChampion, Every NSman gets to throw one grenade, once. If you're not in infantry infantry, you will probably shoot fewer than 1k 5.56mm rounds in your lifetime, including reservist. Even if you're a trained machine-gunner, probably fewer than 500x7.7mm rounds will be shot by your hand. 90% will probably never fire a LAW tube. All those F-similanjiao number planes? 7 digits, and maybe only 6 pilots in their entire lifetime. Etc. Assuming 25k births a year, equal gender split, that's maybe 8000 women added, after deducting the usual attrition rate for disabilities, mental disqualifications, etc. 4.8m dollars.  600 dollars per additional recruit? Peanuts. Literally.
ulkolh|MyBestAintEnough, Before enlistment, I was earning 1.5k a month. As a recruit for the first 4 months, it was 480. It was only in my 2nd year where I up rank and the allowance went up to 980. The drop in income is fucking ridiculous. Almost had to awol and moonlight during the weekends just to scrape by.  Financial support wont do shit and those who went through the process before knows that by the time your application is being reviewed, you would already have died of poverty or orded already.  On top of that, still had to use the allowance and pay out of pocket for consumables such as cleaning material, ziplocks and black tape.  Privilege my ass
ulkolh|Pyrrylanion, >	(2)  All forms of forced labour are prohibited, but Parliament may by law provide for compulsory service for national purposes.  Forced labour is prohibited, unless its NS, then forced labour is OK.  See, nothing unconstitutional about NS.  HAHAHAHAHAHA
ulkolh|UrklynReiss, Pay is 0. 630 is allowance omegalul
ulkolh|BrightAttitude5423, Eh this privilege cannot be measured in dollars and cents ok
ulkolh|LaZZyBird, There is no CPF contribution, that is why it is called "allowance" not "remuneration".   Your official pay is 0, the allowance is what the government gives you to take pity on you XD
ulkolh|aislimau, Should pay NSF on par with the regulars. Let's be honest, whatever the regulars does, the NSF does it as well, especially the fightfighters, police and medics.
ulkolh|QuantumCactus11, >540,000,000  That's 3.6% of 15 B our current budget. So not a big issue to increase.
ulkolh|Tenx3, I tried and couldn't find a source which verifies that claim.
ulkolh|GodSama, Ok, now that is funny. SK treat their people like shit in general, we often rag on our heavy GLC-heavy structure but Korea is far worse.  Their army still heavy on old school physical violence
ulkolh|sweetsmellinghair, Also cause they have a very real threat right next door
ulkolh|Intentionallyabadger, Let the gst vouchers rainnnnn
ulkolh|MayhemBlankz, I actually saw a guy in a wheelchair, so thats how are they willing to push it guess
ulkolh|SomeChampion, >perSONpower  SeXiSt! Should be peoplepower. /s
ulkolh|fall1n1RWI, I guess men aren’t considered civilians worthy of individual liberties lol.
ulkolh|klingonpigeon, It’s even worse, actually. They disingenuously used the 8% figure in the article, which is the fraction of regulars only. Considering the entire SAF, it’s 99.6% male and 0.4% female
ulkolh|jackology, Now now… let’s have AWARE leadership comprises of 50% male for equality.
ulkolh|jackology, Not sure about SCDF, but I don’t think SPF have issue filling the female numbers.
ulkolh|Mozfel, > Also, last I heard, SAF was meeting manpower issues because there's not a lot of people nowadays. I'm sure SPF and SCDF will be experiencing similar issues.  Let CECAs sign on lor, thought they love that as a solution for everything manpower-related?
ulkolh|jackology, We demand greater leadership representation for the Apache Helicopter in the SAF.
ulkolh|GoodBoysThinkAlike, Imagine being a slave to a country for two years only to come out and endure years of listening to xenophobic aunties talk shit about how PRs and new citizens should be sent back  cb la aunty you didn’t do shit for Singapore why don’t you leave first   Sorry this touched a raw nerve for me
ulkolh|DuhMightyBeanz, Very grateful for the privilege to do a service that can't be measured in simple dollars and cents bro.
ulkolh|jackology, I up you one. Married with 2 kids auto promote to LTA(NS), every year two weeks “reservist” but can WFH take care children.
ulkolh|sageadam, Good idea sia. Force all the single 40 years old men and women to enter a matchmaking camp. Can turn it into a reality show somemore.
ulkolh|Chinpokomaster05, Everyone would fly out or boat out. Border with Malaysia would be backed up to town. Guess there wouldn't be anyone left to defend lol. The government probably never even considered this as a likely scenario
ulkolh|show-up, yeah the canteen uncle stand there and pressure people queuing for food. If don't give good results he'll harass you. outside business where got like that, only in camp they dare.
ulkolh|Yamamizuki, If you want to have children, migrate and give up your citizenship first that so that your future born children will not get roped into this.
ulkolh|cldw92, Generally speaking, i'm anti-kid. I realize that if I choose to have a kid I can not longer sit on the sidelines. I will be forced to take up arms to fight for a better future for my children. That is honestly too daunting a task to me.  But to just ignore whatever society is doing and do my own thing? That's pretty fucking easy
ulkolh|bwfiq, no the person you are replying to is referring to the son of a minister who was allowed to defer NS for his undergrad and postgrad and was subsequently posted to a vocation of "soil scientist", which although obviously a real and important job, was "made up" as a vocation to provide the white horse with a actually valuable two years compared to the rest of us plebes who have to suffer on account of being unlucky enough to not have a minister for a dad
ulkolh|Probably_daydreaming, The feminist won't fight anything that removes their privilege, they'll gladly take the L if they don't have to suffer.  These people aren't for gender equality, they just want to fight for their own benefit.
ulkolh|nekosake2, even more crazy is that it isnt free transport, and it only helps if you are travelling enough which few NSFs will be (cuz stay in duh). only good for a small subset.
ulkolh|LucarioMagic, The whippings will continute until slave morale improves. Or something along those lines.
ulkolh|Probably_daydreaming, Interesting, but I think rota commanders have the easier life, but tougher responsibilities while commandos have the harder life but easier responsibilities
ulkolh|Probably_daydreaming, Rota is just the name for the group of that is working in the shift.  So firefighters have 3 rotas and they are about the size of a platoon, 20 to 30 people depending on the fire station size. Each rota has a commander, who is in charge of the rota during the shift. They oversees the activity for the day and is usually the one in charge during any fire fighting operations (look for the person wearing yellow next time you see a incident)  The job of a rota commander is pretty much one of the biggest responsibilities because they are the people who conduct the operation and make the decision during the emergencies. While most rota commanders are regulars, only the best of the best nsf are chosen to fulfill this role.
ulkolh|Wide_Protection_9136, Fight for my country... Cause we want it to be free...to be free....
ulkolh|elmachosierra, don’t know if you actually care about facts but AWARE’s position is that ns should be expanded to include women.   "Ultimately, we should make national service totally gender-neutral so that everyone, regardless of gender, can opt for two years military, police, civil defence, community or healthcare, and whatever other total defence areas that need people.”
ulkolh|HisPri, Cuz when we said we objected to all conscription, other side always said it is not realistic.
ulkolh|TsarIvanTheTerrible, Not sure why you’re saying that, but all I meant is that since we want to include women in everything from upper management to STEM etc (which is great when it means both genders are on par) why not extend it to national service? We can create more NS postings for both men and women to try for at the same time.
ulkolh|shosmart, Men don’t get to pick their roles. Why should women get to?
ulkolh|Prize_Used, The only time a woman will care about NS is when she becomes a mother and her son dies in camp.
ulkolh|Exofanjongdae, The discussion here is about male vs female. The points u hv raised wld have been relevant for females too
ulkolh|hunmingnoisehdb, We might have time if they are queuing for the rides.
ulkolh|HildegardeWaynick, 1. SFA's hotline number is just for show. You could be on hold for 5 hours and no one will entertain you  2. Every year, in a desperate bid to appear relevant and iNnOvAtIvE SFA will add in some rando requirement for some weirdass gizmo device in the kitchen which serves on purpose. It makes the lives of F&B operators harder for no reason  3. If you're gonna choose elevator vendors, never choose Otis. All technicians which Otis sends are subcontractors who know nothing about the product. Their parts are proprietary and break easier than a Razer mouse. None of the market managers from Otis will ever pick up the phone. Even BCA was powerless to help me when elevators broke down, people were stuck in them and Otis couldn't be bothered to answer the 'emergency' phone line. Otis pissed me off hard enough that when a building had to be demolished and rebuilt, I personally lobbied management to choose another vendor just so I didn't have to deal with Otis ever again.  4. SCDF's IT systems for license renewals and payments are stuck in 1995. Whichever boomer responsible for retaining that ancient piece of shit needs to retire ASAP  5. Are you literally useless? Are you at least capable of repeating one sentence in comprehensible English? Do you want to get paid? Answer the phone for PDPC! All you need to do is say, "Please ask your legal counsel" in response to every question ever, then hang up when the frustrated caller gives up
ulkolh|gojiraa69, Fixed that for you
ulkolh|shimmynywimminy, >Putting terrorists in hotels really is a good thing, I agree.  god no. I think when you murder 77 people including children, you do not deserve to be reformed. the justice system should be 100% punitive in that case.
ulkolh|FitCranberry, all guns point inwards
ulkolh|tryingmydarnest, If history is any indicator paying people with no stakes to fight for your land/relying on foreigners to fight for your land rarely ends well. WW2 and brits surrendering, rmb?  Besides gurkha in SG are deployed as a policing force, not a military force
ulkolh|jkohlc, https://imgur.com/3USgt2g
ulkolh|zenqian, Woah careful that. Be prepared to be downvoted to oblivion
ulkolh|WildRacoons, This needs to be heard
ulkolh|ExGranDiose, So dumb, every time I hear that, my morale to defend this country drops like a rock. Fucking trash ministers.
ulkolh|Aiazel, You can measure it in fucks given by nsfs, which is zero
ulkolh|gonehipsterhunting, why is a guy in a wheelchair needed to serve
ulkolh|evereddy, > give up two years of his or her life  the author seems to say "his or her life" ... so even the author is confused :)
ulkolh|UnintelligibleThing, Men have always been shown less empathy throughout history. Even in the supposedly progressive era of today, nothing has changed.
ulkolh|nekosake2, I mean they can't even justify regulars, no need to include nsfs yet
ulkolh|GlobalSettleLayer, I already see the blue-hairs galloping towards you
ulkolh|Winterstrife, If you serve in SCDF / SPF you get to hear it direct and sometimes at you.
ulkolh|YaleoverNUS, New citizen don't do NS one la.  If you did NS you are Sinkie in my eyes
ulkolh|Intentionallyabadger, Then when the rest of the females go to camp, they can do speed dating and find a mate.   Damn we just solved our falling birth rate!
ulkolh|Mayhewbythedoor, Canteen uncle no power over NSFs. He actually dotted line reports into the unit (battalion/brigade/div) S4 or G4. Who will inadvertently hear shit from up top if reviews are too low.
ulkolh|dialectrical, I personally don’t want to have children anywhere but yeah this would be a significant reason not to have children here. I am thankful my parents were alive when I was an NSF. I cannot imagine going to a thankless labor camp when my only attachments to this country were my parents back then.
ulkolh|dialectrical, I do believe we have a responsibility to each other. I don’t know if it extends to war because most wars aren’t completely just. But just normal everyday responsibilities like being kind to each other, caring for the environment, etc.  Again however, I never asked to exist or have these responsibilities. Nor am I particularly good at carrying some of them out. And I know if I had been asked, I would not have chosen to be here. I can’t do anything about it now - and suicide is far different from not existing, since once is another choice you have to make in life, while one involves nothingness.   So the next best thing for me is to not foist this “gift” of life on someone else.  My mom was sad when she was near death because she knew I had to experience the pain of death someday. But I forgave her and told her it’s not her fault; she was also a victim and her life was worse than mine.
ulkolh|R-X89, Wah, i find that offensive that they would sully the position of "soil scientist" kao, actual people do important technical work. Its not glamorous or fantastic,but still just as important
ulkolh|HisPri, Cuz it is about pushing people up and removing discriminatiing rules away (it is not about applying the same discriminating rules to everyone)   Most feminist are either on the side of extending the scope of NS or stop conscription.   But everytime we said this, you all keep screaming over us.   And remember patriarchy is about powerful men controlling the society. And it is those powerful men that decided to continue to conscrip men but not women. Not women that deceide that men deserve to be cannon fodder bit powerful men.
ulkolh|saiyanjesus, Regardless whether we stay in or not, things such as an EZ-link or free SAFRA membership should be automatic things we get.  To show real support, NSFs and NS-men should be getting way better benefits
ulkolh|tongzhimen, First day in SG’s gender equality?
ulkolh|MiloGaoPeng, You are right. So a review on the framework and roles could decide for both men and women on the roles that could be in the list of options.  Just to be clear, I didn't state that women should get to pick their roles, so I don't understand where did that come from?
ulkolh|DuhMightyBeanz, Hits too close to home already.. The smoke grenade incident, the JC kid that drove tonner without license and killed his friend in it and many many more.
ulkolh|Budget_HRdirector, Thanks.
ulkolh|KenjiZeroSan, I mean even for males who did NS can't even buy a stake(house) till 35 also. Even then you don't "own" the house.. Before you say "FaMiLy", it's easier to relocate family than house so again what stake is there to even fight here for the "land".
ulkolh|illEagle96, 66 upvotes
ulkolh|MayhemBlankz, ask me for what, I just saw the guy in a wheelchair
ulkolh|QubitQuanta, Clear they're signalling to the LGBT crowd. Some girls might identify as male (but still don't want to serve NS).  Gotta get them pronouns right, that's what true gender equality is about. /s
ulkolh|nekosake2, Agreed, worked in hq scdf last time. stayout & despite 1hr journey, the concession wasnt worth it.  home team card is actually less useful than scdf's; especially so before more HomeTeamNS buildings were actually being built. it was no brainer for me not to renew subscription.  the benefit cards should benefit all NSFs rather than different orgs, imo. NS is the unifying factor rather than what the hell u did (since u had no choice in the matter anyway)
ulkolh|Probably_daydreaming, The Aloysius Pang incident really solidify the fact that nothing will happen. Even with the level of media coverage, it really just proves that the government doesn't even have to lift a finger.  I sincerely hope that a ministers son die, an innocent life of course but a martyr for change. If these men won't listen to the spilled blood of others, maybe they will kneel to the blood of their own.
ulkolh|HisPri, I am a mtf trans and served 2 years pls
ulkolh|Pvt_Twinkietoes, You are sibei suay. How come need to serve? Not PES F meh?
ulkolh|HisPri, NS make me realised that I might be trans   I was a slow child.
ulmmcb|Worms_sg, This isn’t even the deepest. Bencoolen station is the deepest at 43m below ground.  If a modern nuke were detonated above Singapore (eg minutemen III), there’s a good chance the platform and tunnels will remain intact.
ulmmcb|SleepSleptSlapped, Promenade is pretty cool too, so many levels.
ulmmcb|Haunting-Owl, You guys need to check out the Kim Chuan Depot. It's still under construction, when you take the bus 129 double decker, it travels via the viaduct, and if you sit on the second level of the bus, you can get a bird's eye view of how massive the area is and how deep down they managed to dig. Every time I pass by, I still struggle to grasp with that sight, and how do humans actually pull it off. It's vert rare you get a chance to look at such a construction from such an angle. Have a go before they complete it.
ulmmcb|The_Celestrial, I like Stadium MRT's one for some reason.
ulmmcb|ranmafan0281, They're meant to double as SCDF bunkers in times of crisis, so it makes sense. Better to have them and not need them, than to need them and not have them!
ulmmcb|potatodestroyer2018, It's part of our defense network
ulmmcb|yellowtofuwarrior, I too, enjoy the pleasures of deep crevices
ulmmcb|ZeinTheLight, I get Halo vibes when I enter some of them
ulmmcb|I_love_pillows, Bencoolen Station is the most extreme
ulmmcb|LaZZyBird, With more MRT expansions incoming and Singapore looking for more building space, it is not hard to imagine Singapore expanding downwards.   Our network of MRT/other utility tunnels can pretty much form another city.
ulmmcb|Present-Amoeba-9072, Look how beautiful this is. It’s colorful, clean, and brightly lit. I took my gf (who happens to be a citizen from Singapore), to Seattle because she always wanted to live there. The lines underground are cold, dingy, lack color, and look dystopian compared to what’s shown in the picture. Poor gf was oblivious to the person shooting up heroin on the other side of the platform. I had to be her eyes that day to keep her safe.
ulmmcb|unliketrap, Woodlands north is not that deep but it's really huge. Almost feels like an airport terminal.
ulmmcb|Minimum-Company5797, First time in SG back in 2010. 2nd year engineering student. Enters the station. Uses the escalator. Walks. Another escalator. Am impressed on how deep it is.
ulmmcb|lolhaha95, Yes and really appreciate the building of underground stations instead of above ground. Too damn hot
ulmmcb|tolifeonline, Definitely big enough to accommodate 1 or 2 Kaiju if we accidentally released them due to all the digging 😂
ulmmcb|FactHunt69420, Take the stairs at the botanic Gardens mrt. Really gives you the sense of scale through your legs lol
ulmmcb|De-Blocc, Yes!  Especially for Downtown line! I go through Bencoolen and Macpherson quite a bit and it takes *forever* to reach the actual platform and I swear to god the amount of sheer soil that had to be dug out to construct that station would've been insanity!
ulmmcb|CstoCry, what mrt is that in picture?
ulmmcb|maxtiang79, You do know that some of our stations act as shelters?
ulmmcb|Leoozii, First time?
ulmmcb|hotgirl12390, Nice click.
ulmmcb|derailedthoughts, Our mrt stations are deep, like Mines of Moria deep:
ulmmcb|Confusedpolymer, Crevice Vs crevasse
ulmmcb|WonderfulBlackberry9, Sometimes I see Paya Lebar or Airport MRT, and I think: **"Future Batcave"**.
ulmmcb|Few-Ad6716, Can protect many of us during crisis
ulmmcb|Somesh98, I think it's made to act as a bomb shelter in case there is a nuclear attack.
ulmmcb|None, [deleted]
ulmmcb|siowy, MRT is beautiful
ulmmcb|rizone21, It’s to be able to fit a plane in
ulmmcb|lyechikui66, And on that note, it’s 100 secs to midnight.. bravo mankind  [At doom’s doorstep: It is 100 seconds to midnight](https://thebulletin.org/doomsday-clock/)
ulmmcb|MisoMesoMilo, Maybe they should choose one of these stations and make it into a cathedral like experience (without the religious features of coz)
ulmmcb|boogerl, Not impressed because I see cobwebs hanging around some of the high ceilings we have in some stations...   If you could please clean it SBS and SMRT.. thank you
ulmmcb|TheReal_Yash, Yeah mate, they’re gargantuan.
ulmmcb|Shadowtrooper262, Woodlands North is a large station too. Probably good areas to shoot sci-fi films like Rouge one.
ulmmcb|LemonNarc, It's very sad I cannot say the same for the MRT sizes of the same station; they get full to the brim even during the off peak!
ulmmcb|tom-slacker, wake me up when there's enough room to house an EVA
ulmmcb|charityontop, i once got off at bendermeer by accident and was like damn. we are DEEP underground.
ulmmcb|lurkingeternally, personally more fascinated by above ground stations, kinda a shame they're not really built anymore other than the JRL
ulmmcb|Mental-Tennis7139, I prefer this money spent on our salaries instead
ulmmcb|tryingmydarnest, Metro SG time?
ulmmcb|halloumisalami, Thanks for the heads up. Now I know where to go
ulmmcb|MagosBiologis, They're literally designed to be public shelters too.  https://www.scdf.gov.sg/home/civil-defence-shelter/types-of-shelter
ulmmcb|LookAtItGo123, So if the entrances are sealed, you kind of wait to slowly die inside?
ulmmcb|Initial_E, Every new line is 1 layer below the previous
ulmmcb|arunokoibito, Sadly not sure if can go back to the radiated surface
ulmmcb|moi_athee, Can it handle hourman though?
ulmmcb|TrollingMcDerps, Apparently the reason behind it, was that Promenade & ~~Bayfront~~ *Nicoll Highway* were meant to be like City Hall & Raffles Place, where you can cross the platform to change lines.  Due to the Nicoll Highway collapse, ~~the CCL tunnels had to be realigned~~, and made it no longer possible to do so at Promenade.   Bayfront was chosen as the alternative location for the interchange.  This is also why the CCL side of Promenade has such a large concourse, despite only having one platform. There are unused tunnels on the other side that were meant for the DTL.   Tunneling underneath this, is also why Promenade, at 42m deep, is the 2nd deepest MRT station, beaten by a single metre by Bencoolen (43m)  ***Edit:[ Did my research, it wasn't due to tunnel realignment, but the original plan was for Nicoll Highway & Promenade to be an interchange](https://medium.com/from-the-red-line/when-life-gives-you-lemons-7165015c153e)
ulmmcb|De-Blocc, Dhoby Ghaut though is just confusing and complex as hell, still impressive bit of architecture though
ulmmcb|Particular-Ad3237, Do you happen to take a few pictures?
ulmmcb|spdknght, It's an expansion https://www.lta.gov.sg/content/ltagov/en/newsroom/2019/7/2/joint-news-release-by-the-land-transport-authority-lta-smrt---upgrading-the-circle-line-in-preparation-for-circle-line-.html
ulmmcb|RedditLIONS, It’s already the world's largest underground depot, when it opened in 2009. And they are doubling the area now.  Kim Chuan Depot Phase I, Kim Chuan Depot Phase II, and Tai Seng Facility Building will be like 3 depots connected together underground.
ulmmcb|Initial_E, Bras basah is a hidden gem
ulmmcb|dekira99, Same, somehow Stadium station just stand out to me
ulmmcb|yourm2, hiding is our best def? dafuq.
ulmmcb|blahdiddyblahblog, I heard your mom’s crevice is so deep it doubles as an SCDF bunker
ulmmcb|sgtransitevolution, That is until you realise how long it will take to get from platform level to any useful destination near the street level
ulmmcb|theduck08, ```This cave is not a natural formation```
ulmmcb|Purpledragon84, I get Half-Life Black Mesa vibes
ulmmcb|letterboxmind, Any reason why Bencoolen is so deep underground?
ulmmcb|mr_dee_wingz, Pretty much the case for alot of us singaporeans, we are too sheltered to the point that we lose our sense of natural security and become oblivious when going overseas.   After staying 7yrs out of singapore, i know the feeling of being weary when i step out of the country
ulmmcb|anthonywhitetan, Make sense, when it’s gonna be a connecting interchange to JB.
ulmmcb|De-Blocc, Another fascinating piece of infrastructure I get to see is the construction that's ongoing near Simei, idk what it is but it looks as if they're constructing a whole stadium underground and it is m a s s i v e  very impressive stuff
ulmmcb|masterveerappan, Well, that excavated land has become reclaimed land so win-win...
ulmmcb|HorseAndrew, Bendemeer on the Downtown line.
ulmmcb|Twrd4321, There are much cheaper ways to get soil than to dig a huge hole. Cost of construction increases non linearly with depth.
ulmmcb|bilbolaggings, Pretty sure we exploit 3rd world countries for that
ulmmcb|NewBuyer1976, “Comrade, there’s strange news and reports coming from Station Yishun”
ulmmcb|Worms_sg, I was thinking Fallout 65.  Can hunt mutated Monitor Lizards with SAR21 to get eggs for sambal orh luat.
ulmmcb|GalerionTheAnnoyed, Artyom fights off mutant otters
ulmmcb|Worms_sg, People should be able to survive underground for some time. There’s water tanks and decontamination showers set up for nuclear / chemical attack. Ventilation fans can keep the air flowing.  Food will be the main problem, but humans can survive 2 months without food. By then most of the radiation dust would have settled down and been washed away by rain.
ulmmcb|Used-Establishment-9, *i’m trapped*
ulmmcb|A_extra, Well..you could still blame it on the Nicoll Highway collapse. There’s an blog post explaining it far better than I can, so I’ll link it [here](https://medium.com/from-the-red-line/when-life-gives-you-lemons-7165015c153e).  As a side note: The DTL is an amalgamation of three different lines. The Downtown Extension mentioned in the post is what we know of today as DTL Stage 1 and the Bukit Timah Line is now DTL Stage 2. Finally, DTL Stage 3 is the northern half of the Eastern Region Line, a giant loop taking commuters from the east to the CBD. The southern half has been handed over to TEL Stage 4/5 (Which is also why the DTL and TEL are planned to interchange at [Sungei Bedok](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sungei_Bedok_MRT_station), it’s a remnant of that plan.).
ulmmcb|tuffy_puffy, Do u know if there are any plans to make an interchange for dtl or have some kinda underground tunnel? If not like abit ley chey lei need go one big loop.
ulmmcb|pseudostatik, Good taste both of you - they were both designed by the award winning local architecture firm WOHA.
ulmmcb|Arsenal_49_Spurs_0, Its the glass ceiling with water and the super long escalators man
ulmmcb|WonderfulBlackberry9, It really is. The surrounding area is just as great.
ulmmcb|potatodestroyer2018, That's how the Vietcong won.  That's how the Ukrainian Army is surviving in Mariupol.  Tell me more how hiding is not a good defense. This is not call of duty, you don't get a respawn.
ulmmcb|TheMisterPotato, It is also used as a bomb shelter for non combatants.
ulmmcb|HisPri, For combatants, no  For civilians, yes
ulmmcb|yellowtofuwarrior, Ehhhh somewhat close. It doubles as the MCE
ulmmcb|khaophat, Sir respectfully I don’t think that’s what he meant
ulmmcb|shadstrife123, lol power trip when you're at the bottom GG?
ulmmcb|Graeyscale_creates, Due to the high toxicity of materials routinely handled in the facility, eating, drinking and smoking are not allowed in the Black Mesa Research Facility
ulmmcb|Worms_sg, Circle line and North South Line are nearby. So they needed to dig under those.  The height clearance between the Downtown line tunnel and the the North South Line tunnel is only 3m, which required an insane level of tunnelling precision.
ulmmcb|FuckYouPayMeRN, survive nuclear attack /s
ulmmcb|A_extra, It’s the East Coast Integrated Depot, which is _four_ depots shoved into one giant site. The top level serves the EWL, the ground level serves the TEL and the underground portion serves the DTL. And if all that wasn’t enough, there’s also a bus depot located on the site. Its capacity is quite [overkill](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Coast_Integrated_Depot#Description) if you ask me, but I guess it’s better to future proof this sort of stuff
ulmmcb|Worms_sg, Pretty sure you mean dig a huge hole rather than dig a huge oil, but yes. Cost of doing any excavating / construction work that deep is immense.  Also at that depth it’s mostly boulders and clay, so mixing it into the concrete will result in weak brittle concrete anyways. Unlikely that the government would do that.
ulmmcb|sgtransitevolution, We did. But not all of it. Some sand is local.  [Like the East Coast. That’s purely local.](https://mothership.sg/2018/09/east-coast-land-reclamation-bedok-tampines/)
ulmmcb|tryingmydarnest, *crater* yishun  Station is above ground. It'll be a radioactive wasteland with strange things, not a shelter.  Actually not too different from right now, minus the radioactive part. (IM JOKING)
ulmmcb|aazkao, reports say that its facing increasing attacks from the dark ones
ulmmcb|lobangbecausenomoney, 🎵 I don't want to set the world on fire, I just want to eat sambal orhhhh luak🎶
ulmmcb|Brikandbones, Maybe we will finally have real life merlions
ulmmcb|DirectionSilly, Otters mutated into deathclaws
ulmmcb|CrowdGoesWildWoooo, Fallout 65  “Sinkie pwn sinkie”
ulmmcb|GodSama, I would much prefer my ar15 because better accuracy at range for actual hunting, and because it's lighter.
ulmmcb|DotaProtectsMyVirgin, Almost heaven West Sembangwang  Brackish water Leading up to Yishun There is hot spring, very nice to soak Cooling in the night time, chilling in the breeze
ulmmcb|Youcantdoxme, I'm not human then. I'll die in 2 days
ulmmcb|aazkao, with how crowded and dense sg is, would the underground space even be enough to accomodate at least the majority of the population? i imagine some will have to be refused entry because its overcrowded in the tunnels, or they will be given entry but have to live in a very cramped area, and a class system like snowpiercer would emerge.
ulmmcb|RedditLIONS, The DTL loop is very well planned, in my opinion. it spreads the load evenly with the EWL.  When commuters from Bedok/Tampines (where much of the Eastern populace resides in) wants to go to the east part of the city centre (Raffles Place/Bayfront/Promenade), they take the EWL. When they want to go from Bedok/Tampines to the west part of the city centre (e.g. Orchard Rd, Clarke Quay/Telok Ayer), they take the DTL. It’s the reverse for commuters residing in the West, who has access to both lines via bus.  IF there was an interchange at Rochor, more commuters would choose the DTL. This line would then be taking a higher load, likely over the designed capacity, as DTL is more of a light-rail in the rail industry (with only 3 cars and smaller platforms).
ulmmcb|SmirkingImperialist, Modern War Institute Urban War project talks and looks at a lot of underground fighting for the potential for the upcoming war.  Yes, the next war, shit, the current Russia-Ukraine war has and may have a large subterranean *combat* element. If the surface of the Earth is rendered inhospitable by shelling, conventionally or war criminally, the only place left is the underground.  There's one thing about underground fighting, though. Fuck everyone's hearing and eardrums. Maybe that's why "suppressors for everyone" ala the US Army's fancy-schamsy new concept, isn't a bad idea.
ulmmcb|blahdiddyblahblog, I heard that your mom’s hedges are so thick its nickname is the Night Safari
ulmmcb|unreal2007, Stupid question but how do they reinforce the tunnel so that the soil wont sink?
ulmmcb|De-Blocc, Wow, amazing
ulmmcb|WikiSummarizerBot, **East Coast Integrated Depot**     [Description](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Coast_Integrated_Depot#Description)     >The East Coast Integrated Depot consists of a multi-level train depot and a multi-level bus depot.   ^([ )[^(F.A.Q)](https://www.reddit.com/r/WikiSummarizer/wiki/index#wiki_f.a.q)^( | )[^(Opt Out)](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiSummarizerBot&message=OptOut&subject=OptOut)^( | )[^(Opt Out Of Subreddit)](https://np.reddit.com/r/singapore/about/banned)^( | )[^(GitHub)](https://github.com/Sujal-7/WikiSummarizerBot)^( ] Downvote to remove | v1.5)
ulmmcb|NewBuyer1976, Just more tales of fancy to distract us from the WP/PAP war at City Hall. Sleep brothers, we need all our strength to survive that journey.
ulmmcb|Worms_sg, I believe at that depth is no longer topsoil, but the Fort Canning Boulder bed. So it’s 1-9m sized rocks surrounded by hard silty clay.  Not sure what methods was used to stabilize it, but naturally it’s already much stronger than regular soil.
ulmmcb|aazkao, I have a tale...it began that day when we went to the Botanic Gardens. We - meaning yours truly and two of my friends. Whose idea was it to visit the abandoned station? Who persuaded the others to go? I always tell them that I don’t remember. I always lie. It is a safe lie, for there’s no way to ascertain the truth. Both Xiao ming and Eugene are dead now.      The massive airlock doors shrugged and opened with a grinding sound, opening a road to hell for us and a road into the MRT for the demons. But, in fact, it all started that day when Mummy said we should take a walk in the Botanic Gardens… and go there by the circle line! I remember how we took a short escalator to the surface, how we exited a spacious glass pavilion and saw a street buried in green. I remember the small clouds moving across the limitless sky, and soft, cool wind on my face. Mummy bought me an ice cream from the ice cream uncle… That was the last time I tasted it. That day, humanity was executed.
ulmmcb|im112, To add on to your point is that DTL is using tunnel boring machine (either earth pressure balanced, slurry or mixed faced) to excavate for the tunnel.  These machines applies a safe range of pressure outward to the soil to balance and minimize soil movements.  And while excavating, the TBM lines the tunnel with concrete panels and grout, so minimum unsupported lengths for the soil to settle. (But at the same time the soils at that depth and location has a stand-up time/strength)
ulmmcb|zaitsev63, Fellow tunneller spotted
uls6h5|MAMBAMENTALITY8-24, This has to be the best timeline for him. Thank you ben
uls6h5|Important-Debt6690, Good for him, did what is best for his career.
uls6h5|BabaDuda, I do genuinely wonder if he'll be arrested if he travels to Singapore with the Thai NT for a match  Like it'll be an international shitshow, but given govt/Mindef's stance on not taking shit from anyone I think he might?  Either way he'll probably withdraw due to 'injury' whenever they have to come here
uls6h5|AcousticGuitar321, The FAS got exactly what they deserved. The score in this game is reflective of Singapore’s efforts to promote football
uls6h5|NoUreNotTheOnlyOne, On one hand, I'm happy he gets to have his revenge. On the other hand, it doesn't take much to defeat the SG football team
uls6h5|stonehallow, hormat SAF!
uls6h5|Starwind13, And who was granted NS deferment again, right, the son of KFC and god knows how many other unreported white horses...
uls6h5|spsfisch, Just as women doing NS was discussed. Something something far outweigh the benefits right?
uls6h5|shiinamachi, Thanks mindef
uls6h5|arunokoibito, Good for him
uls6h5|thrulim123, Wish he Adebayored the shit out of the Singapore fans
uls6h5|siansation, Myth: NS turns boys into men  Truth: a boy score against the men  they are U23 right? i assumed most have completed NS for SG U23.
uls6h5|onionwba, Brother here decided to dive in a classic show of shithousery.
uls6h5|BOBI_2206, Sinkie hate sinkie lol
uls6h5|WLDKRT, They say…revenge is sweet.
uls6h5|Graeyscale_creates, Arrest this man now! ARREST HIM!!!! /s
uls6h5|namecard12345, Nice maggie mee on his head
uls6h5|halloumisalami, The force is strong in young Anakin
uls6h5|DegreePitiful3496, Oooooh how the turns have table
uls6h5|zaphrode, it was a goal before he even struck the ball. Goalkeeper needs to look more confident and look bigger, even if he isn’t
uls6h5|Pristine_Ad6210, Justice for Ben Davis. Singapore’s football???? Better eat nasi lemak or watch water polo
uls6h5|Forever-Accomplished, ‘Cannabis makes you a better football star’ -michael Scott -MMLKY
uls6h5|scissorsonmydesk, With that kind of first touch, no wonder he's playing at League One level. And the end of the day, I think most Singaporean football fans should be totally ok with him not granted NS deferment and not playing for SG. He's not a big loss to SG football.     EDIT: Even if you think that he should be granted deferment, you should be able to appreciate in hindsight that he's not gonna be the magic solution to dramatically improve SG football.
uls6h5|PastLettuce8943, He's in some random team in League 1 right now warming the bench. I hope he does well for himself, because if he doesn't, he'll be the poster boy for why not to following your sporting dreams for years.
uls6h5|Mi57erX, SEA Games, lol? Try getting Thailand to the World Cup, typical mercenary "talent".
uls6h5|FuckYouPayMeRN, gasps, isnt this treason? /s
uls6h5|diediemustsay, This chap is stuck between a rock and a hard place and he's got a statement to make.
uls6h5|TempleOfPork, Who is he and why should I care? And also, SEA games is on?
uls6h5|DisillusionedSinkie, Football usually starts earlier as it has a longer sporting calendar. Diving also started earlier this year for whatever reason
uls6h5|SaintSkylark, Score penalty hao lian ge lan?
uls6h5|DotaProtectsMyVirgin, Yup he will be arrested
uls6h5|theoriginaltrinity, Didn’t he renounce his citizenship before he was called for NS? So doesn’t that mean he got off?
uls6h5|wank_for_peace, You know what is wanking right? Yeah this right here with FAS management.     Ka ki gong, ka ki song. (ownself say ownself shiok)
uls6h5|Soitsgonnabeforever, He need to Protect the secret that brylcream is made from kfc gutter oil
uls6h5|Zoisen, Soil scientist more equal than peasants.
uls6h5|horsetrich, Ootl. Who are you guys talking about lol
uls6h5|RepresentativeOk6676, Good old days arsenal
uls6h5|sachinadhith13, Ya know I would’ve liked it cause it’s more of a message to Singapore fa then to us
uls6h5|CisternOfADown, Of the highest order. Lay on the deck and once the penalty was awarded, he bounced back up to claim the ball.
uls6h5|Bcpjw, I think they called it diving mama mee
uls6h5|Zoisen, That goalkeeper has big guns tho.
uls6h5|CisternOfADown, I do feel NS affects our youth prospects to play internationally(other factor being citizenship rules). Ben might have been a flop but there will be others who lose out on a big opportunity because of NS. No sympathy for him though cos his Dad was uncompromising.
uls6h5|Joshjoshjoshhhh, Yea must wait until we have our own local Ronaldo then can start developing the team. It's cos of idiots like you the status quo of anything is always the same.
uls6h5|Sunzoner, Ya. Our national team rejects are playing at the top clubs internationally. League One is far below what we are used to watch in our stadiums.
uls6h5|Jenzintera24, He's also only played one game out of 46 the entire season. And Oxford is owned by a Thai guy.  Some people claiming he's such a big deal just for being there, you really wanna set such a low bar for deferment?
uls6h5|FitCranberry, theres no solution to island football without the complete dismantling of the fas and its partisanship
uls6h5|kanzie88, Lol I beg to differ… my top players can’t even play in the 2nd div …
uls6h5|Hazelnut526, Considering that Sg football level is "drunken Brazilian uncles playing on a beach", yeah.
uls6h5|chaotarroo, Being a bench warmer in league one is still infinitely better than being a NSF
uls6h5|KrispyKrmee, Not trying to offend you or anything. But it really irks me that people say he's in some 'random team', sure, Oxford United is not a recognisable name to anyone outside of UK, let alone a household brand like Man Utd or Liverpool, etc. But it's still a respectable team, and it can still outperform most if not all our local team. So being their benchwarmer is still miles better than being here.
uls6h5|UnintelligibleThing, He's rich unlike you and me. There are many kids who come from his level of family wealth who waste their lives away, so at least he is working towards a dream. I'm just laughing at the sour grape comments like yours. He's privileged enough that he can fail and still end up better off than 90% of singaporeans.
uls6h5|sukequto, You do realise the level of football in league one in England is at the least slightly above that of S league do you
uls6h5|RealChristianPulisic, Oxford United isn't a random team just cause you're not aware of them, 3rd tier English team is still miles better than anything he would have gotten if he chose to stay in Singapore. And he used to train with Fulham aka a Premier League team. Idk any Singaporean that made it anywhere near that level and he's only 21.
uls6h5|yewjrn, How is he mercenary? I don't think he intended to avoid NS completely since he initially applied for deferment. But it was rejected and forced between NS liabilities and his dream, he chose his dream instead and left Singapore. It's more of how our NS is structured that forced him away.
uls6h5|FitCranberry, someones been marinating in that sweet and sour thai chili sauce
uls6h5|solariiis, got his appeal for ns deferment rejected
uls6h5|FitCranberry, squeezes your balls hard enough to make this comment no
uls6h5|Brainbasherer, Cannot say that la. Its the art of falling. I hope he knows the Thai players secretly plotting to kidnap him and sell his kidney to the next highest bidder.
uls6h5|bigspicytomato, That means he evaded national service which is an offence.  Singaporean male needs to renounce their citizenship before they turn 16 (or 13, don't really remember) to avoid evasion of NS.
uls6h5|etulf, “On 29 July 2011, Tan responded to online allegations[43] that his son Patrick Tan had received preferential treatment during compulsory military service, officially known as National Service (NS) in Singapore. "My sons all completed their National Service obligations fully and I have never intervened in their postings," he said.[44][45] Tan also noted that he had served as Defence Minister from 1995 to 2003, while Patrick Tan said that it was in 1988 that he been permitted by Singapore's Ministry of Defence (MINDEF) to disrupt his NS for premedical studies (which is in effect a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology and Chemistry) in Harvard University[46] and an MD-PhD program in Stanford University under a President's Scholarship and Loke Cheng Kim Scholarship.[47] MINDEF clarified that, prior to 1992, disruptions were allowed for overseas medical studies, and longer periods of disruption were granted for those admitted to universities in the United States, where medicine is a graduate course. American medical students are required to complete a "pre-medical component for a general undergraduate degree" before applying to medical school.[48] In response to a question in Parliament on the subject of deferments, Minister for Defence Ng Eng Hen stated on 20 October 2011 that Patrick Tan had not been given any special treatment.[49]”  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Tan
uls6h5|zaphrode, bad joke
uls6h5|scissorsonmydesk, No one said that. Learn to read.
uls6h5|FitCranberry, yes, it should be even lower if you want to start including academic achievements. but you know how it is, the organisation is wary of an intelligent, accomplished forced labour pool
uls6h5|Fat_unker, The bar is even lower for any other SG footballer so why the fuck not
uls6h5|Buuuu12, BIG FACTS , yeah idk why people so salty haha I'd rather be in Oxford playing football lol
uls6h5|agentknoxville, Fandi Ahmad, Sundram, etc. But after that, SG football went waaaayy downhill.
uls6h5|Xarxos, You can't renounce your citizenship before the age of 21, which means you must do NS before you can renounce unless you get a deferment. (https://www.mfa.gov.sg/Overseas-Mission/Washington/Consular-Services/Citizens-Services/Renunciation-of-Singapore-Citizenship)
uls6h5|theoriginaltrinity, Ohhh before 16 I thought before 18. Makes sense then
uls6h5|bigspicytomato, So technically I was wrong to say renounce citizenship before 16, but you can try avoiding NS obligation with some complicated procedures before they turn 11.  https://theindependent.sg/how-to-avoid-serving-ns-if-you-hold-dual-citizenship/  TLDR; Inform Mindef before 11, apply exit permit from 13, deferment from 18, renounce when they turn 21. Avoid using sg education, baby bonus or any public funds.
uls6h5|wank_for_peace, That was false information. Do your due diligence.
uls6h5|PavanJ, It’s really not that simple.  Parents have tried to renounce at age 3 and been rejected because the child ‘benefited’.  Nothing is written down it is intentionally vague.
uls6h5|theoriginaltrinity, Damn imagine having to make that choice at 11. How annoying of the government.
uls6h5|theoriginaltrinity, Lmfao what? I asked a question bro chill
uls6h5|FitCranberry, no one escapes the ponzi scheme!
uls6h5|wank_for_peace, Chill? I think you mistaken stopping of spreading of false information to being aggressively asking you to use you brain?  If you had given this information to someone who needs the information, imagine the consequences?   I don't know about you man, but you seem butt hurt over someone who disagrees with you?
uls6h5|PavanJ, The level of cynicism towards anything government on this sub is ridiculous.
uls6h5|theoriginaltrinity, Uhhh are you on drugs or something right now? I asked a question. Asking a question isn’t perpetuating false information. I didn’t state it as a fact, I phrased it in a way of whether it was true or false. Either you’re trolling or you’re extremely stupid, lol. Calm your ass down
uls6h5|Fat_unker, Almost like forcing people to deal with NS at age 3 is ridiculous.
uls6h5|PavanJ, Maybe but calling everything a Ponzi scheme just makes the phrase lose meaning.
ultaos|ljanir, am not scared of the people who stand on the right side, I am scared of those who stand in the middle and take up one whole step
ultaos|bagburrowsteel, You know I'm something of an inconsiderate commuter myself
ultaos|lurkingeternally, who instantly recognized this from Mr Bean  and also I'm just only realising that this dude is the same dude from Spiderman LOL
ultaos|grayrebornnhy, Only to find out that the people standing on the right side is Mr. Bean
ultaos|puboranjingparty, Damn thats how I look like when someone cockblocks my way on the escalator
ultaos|kathattacks, no need to be so passive aggressive what  just say eskew me
ultaos|redditor_here, Are y’all so socially inept that you can’t even say “excuse me”?
ultaos|DegreePitiful3496, Bruh Mr Bean's holiday omg.
ultaos|KFika, Yikes. We actually stand on the right side in my country, rushers on the left. Gonna have a hard time when I move to Singapore
ultaos|randomacc394850, Serangoon
ultaos|anna8282lee, argh hate it when people in pairs stand next to each other in a crowded escalator. They clearly know that the right side people below them are walking down but they stay put jamming up the right lane. <eyeroll>
ultaos|musicmast, i normally step on the floor fuking hard to let them know im walking behind them and they're not stopping me. if they dont react, i will raise my voice and make them feel like they're doing something shitty, which they are.
ultaos|ZeinTheLight, IIRC this stand-on-one-side thing is not good for the escalator. Puts an uneven load on the escalator so it needs more maintenance or breaks down more often.  Some cities just make it a rule for everyone to stand still. Another possible solution is to have two escalators - one for walking and one for standing.
ultaos|blvckstxr, I always have to asked myself AITA for saying "excuse me" to the person who is blocking the right side of the escalator...
ultaos|ppeepoopp, It’s actually more productive to stand on the whole step and prevent people from walking up. Lots of commuters are actually not willing to walk up and they start queueing on the left side. But occupying the whole step, you actually double the bandwidth.  Those who are in a rush should consider the stairs
ultaos|halloumisalami, And when you say “excuse me” they stare at you like you’re the bad guy
ultaos|LemonNarc, *Will to shove YPs on escalators intensifies*
ultaos|limitedby20character, u/savevideo
ultaos|Bitemeoww, Mr Boombastic
ultaos|Simplified_Alienated, 🤫
ultaos|qman1984, Respect to those who stand on right side of elevator and don't give a fuck those behind you..
ultaos|donut_monster_, This is me without my phone on the elevator, haha 😂
ultaos|ShadeX8, What about people who stand on the left and still take up one whole step?
ultaos|FalconHugeman, Commuters on the rush: "You can't do this to me."
ultaos|tymelodies, This "dude" is the great Willem Dafoe or as the legend Carson Clay, played by Carson Clay, in a Carson Clay production.
ultaos|AZGzx, Why is your clock out while on the escalator lol
ultaos|kathattacks, theyd rather boil with inner rage the whole escalator ride and a minute after than take the 1 second to say excuse me ☠️
ultaos|wackocoal, was that the 2nd movie?
ultaos|tymelodies, We follow our roads, overtaking on the right. Are your road dividers same as us on the right?
ultaos|penismightierthangun, Yes but if the whole point of engineering is to improve our livelihood say going up/down faster… “a small price to pay for salvation” -Thanos
ultaos|jasonwsc, To make the load even, just change the direction of the escalator once in a while?  Pretty sure MRT stations do this all the time.
ultaos|SYLOH, I absolutely hate that people bunch up at the bottom trying to get into the left side.   The escalator is operating at 50% capacity because we have to accommodate a handful of people.   [Total throughput would be higher 30% higher if we just binned this stupid custom](https://www.independent.co.uk/travel-0/escalator-etiquette-staning-sid-by-side-quicker-rush-past-each-other-two-by-two-capgemini-consulting-a7667666.html)
ultaos|purple_tamanegi, Sounds like the maintenance companies problem, not mine.  Maybe build better shit instead of blaming users.
ultaos|mrwagga, Yup. Neither is walking up and down escalators.
ultaos|goodestguy21, Standing still is defintely better! Usually at the MRT stations there is a long queue for the escalator because nobody wants to walk (rightfully so) and they all queue up single file, leaving half the escalator empty.  There was once where someone stood still on the right side, and people started standing 2 by 2 on the escalator and there was a significantly shorter queue for that escalator. I was impressed, I wish every escalator ride could be like that.
ultaos|CircularCausality, Xcuse me but I think i will die climbing the stairs at buona vista to change lines 😨
ultaos|zaphrode, exactly furthermore, this standing one side causes many maintenance issues
ultaos|SaveVideo, ###[View link](https://redditsave.com/r/singapore/comments/ultaos/move_bit_get_out_the_way/)    ---   [**Info**](https://np.reddit.com/user/SaveVideo/comments/jv323v/info/)&#32;|&#32; [**Feedback**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Feedback for savevideo)&#32;|&#32;[**Donate**](https://ko-fi.com/getvideo) &#32;|&#32; [**DMCA**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Content removal request for savevideo&message=https://np.reddit.com//r/singapore/comments/ultaos/move_bit_get_out_the_way/) &#32;|&#32;   [^(reddit video downloader)](https://redditsave.com) &#32;|&#32; [^(download video tiktok)](https://taksave.com)
ultaos|elpipita20, "YOU KNOW HOW MUCH TIME I'VE SACRIFICED?!"
ultaos|straydog1980, HARK!
ultaos|ZeinTheLight, Hm why didn't Thanos double the size of the universe instead of erasing half the population? And species with high fertility rates would just return to former levels quickly.
ultaos|JayEndX, try riding the escalators at bedok or bugis and stand still throughout
ultaos|Kyanern, mainty companies problem? nah, they'd gladly have more business.  the "shit" works, the users are just using it wrong. imo best compromise is have two single-lane escalators, one for walking and one for standing. but good luck to me trying to convince ppl over the additional costs and space needed tho.
ulsoit|veryfascinating, Ehhhh question: if say Singapore hosts a soccer match, against Thailand. Does it mean he cannot be on the team? Cos if he sets foot in sg he will get arrested?
ulsoit|lobangbecausenomoney, Former sinkie pwning sinkies, entire island comatose tonight?
ulsoit|Golden-Owl, Great for him honestly.  He saw opportunity to advance his career and took it. NS would’ve ruined that.  Would definitely agree he made the right call in this case
ulsoit|singledesperateugly, Those fat ducks at the top of FAS doesn't care since they are still well compensated despite failing for decades
ulsoit|mouldybread88, The only reason "NS Defaulter" is in the headlines is because the writers are sore af
ulsoit|Robert0db, big oof
ulsoit|onetworomeo, Gonna be some boomers seething real hard and posting long rants about NS obligations over the rest of this week.
ulsoit|Sinkies, Can sleep well tonight
ulsoit|lazerspewpew86, SG's loss because of mindefs inflexibility for real talents.  The only ones who get to enjoy special treatment here are people like the soil scientist and other white horses.
ulsoit|Focux, Good job, this is the kind of medication the SG gov needs for the sake of their survival
ulsoit|sneakpeek_bot, > # SEA Games: NS defaulter Ben Davis sparks Thailand to 5-0 rout of Singapore  > SINGAPORE — He was at the centre of a national service defaulter controversy in Singapore upon being signed up by English football club Fulham in 2018.  > On Monday (9 May), Thailand midfielder Ben Davis set his side on the path to victory at the SEA Games football competition, scoring the opening penalty goal against Singapore in their emphatic 5-0 win at the Thien Truong Stadium in Vietnam.  > The 21-year-old, who switched his nationality from Singapore to Thailand after defaulting on his NS obligations when the Ministry of Defence denied his deferment application, was tripped in the penalty area on the stroke of half-time, with the score tied at 0-0.  > He got up and slotted in the resultant spot kick, sending Singapore goalkeeper Zaiful Nizam the wrong way for his first-ever goal for the Thai national team.  > The goal proved to be the boost for Thailand to step up after a tentative first half, and they swept past the shattered Young Lions in the second half.  > Following an unfortunate own-goal by Singapore's Harhys Stewart just three minutes after the restart, the Thais piled on the misery with goals from Ekanit Panya (51st and 66th minutes) and Korawich Tasa (81st), consigning Singapore to their heaviest SEA Game football defeat since losing 1-8 to Myanmar way back in 1971.  > With the victory, Thailand rebounded from their opening 1-2 group-stage defeat by Malaysia, in which they were stunned by a last-gasp stoppage-time winner from their rivals  > Singapore, however, will have to win their remaining two Group B matches - against Cambodia and Malaysia - to stand any chance of advancing into the semi-finals as one of the top two sides in the group. They had drawn 2-2 with Laos in their opening match last Saturday.  > Follow Yahoo News Singapore's coverage of the SEA Games here!  --- 1.0.2 | [Source code](https://github.com/fterh/sneakpeek) | [Contribute](https://github.com/fterh/sneakpeek)
ulsoit|Hazelnut526, It's beautiful :')
ulsoit|porkikins, Good. Fuck ns
ulsoit|Modus_Opp, Honestly, good on him. I have no malice against him. I'm glad that he's gotten to play football for one of his countries.
ulsoit|p1nkp3ngu1n, karma x5 we deserve it
ulsoit|fall1n1RWI, All my homies hate national service
ulsoit|plstellmewhyitisso, The author is gunning for a promotion with that title.
ulsoit|scissorsonmydesk, Guys, he's playing in English League 1 and he's already 21. He's good in ASEAN terms, but it's not like Singapore football lost a Fandi Ahmad-football prodigy.
ulsoit|lonewolfgambit, We are not important to him and he is also not important to us.
ulsoit|AidilAfham42, Wtf is this “journalism”
ulsoit|TrollzDyztroyed, next time make it 10-0
ulsoit|DirectionSilly, Media sensational headline .. i mean the NS defaulter point seems excessive but yes yes we need more clicks
ulsoit|None, [deleted]
ulsoit|JohnChuaBC, National security over sports. I never thought about this 30 years ago. Once you have a family and wants family to be protected and taking peace for granted is extremely dangerous.
ulsoit|Brainbasherer, Lol he thought he could be a prem star now in second division.........but what does that say about local football. Idk if it's a win or a lost
ulsoit|ybct, Correct. Even if he's on a flight going past Singapore and it diverts to Singapore for any reason, he will be arrested once he passes through customs.
ulsoit|LaZZyBird, He will be arrested.   It will be a huge international incident, people will complain about it, but in the name of "national security" and "fairness for all" they will arrest him.   Unless he somehow gets diplomatic immunity or some shit Singapore is going to fuck him over ASAP.
ulsoit|Paladinenigma, He'll get arrested.   This was why he wasn't shortlisted for aff last year.
ulsoit|SebastianForsenFors, Dominic tan played in sg for Malaysia during th e aff Cup last December. no issues
ulsoit|marcuschookt, Universal code of sportsmanship says he gets a pass. Singapore Gov brandishes cane with Michael Fay name on the handle.
ulsoit|None, [removed]
ulsoit|dontknowwhattodoat18, Brb gonna use this excuse to not book in
ulsoit|FuckYouPayMeRN, name and flair checks out
ulsoit|Goenitz33, Yup those are golden years that don’t come back once wasted.
ulsoit|MiloPengAlsoCan, Agree with you wholeheartedly on this
ulsoit|Goenitz33, Must continue failing to get more budget.
ulsoit|bukitbukit, I did my time long ago and I say let Ben have his. No hard feelings.
ulsoit|pencilbreads, Ugh i can already hear the boomers on their _facebooks_ and _whatapps_ talking about this
ulsoit|FitCranberry, how dare someone escape the cycle of abuse! the salt and sour grapes will flow
ulsoit|Cautious_Medicine544, Have these boomers forgotten, or are they too scared to remember their NS times?
ulsoit|orangemonstered, Not really inflexibility from SAF side. If I rmb right, Ben Davis father was not even willing to commit that Ben Davis will come back and serve one day. For contrast, Schooling parents had provided a clear plan of which Olympics they targeting and when he will be back to serve.
ulsoit|zed_j, What standard is real talent? Thai standard of football I wouldn’t say is a high standard at all. And we only grant deferment to our top swimmers. I don’t think he’s going to be the next mbappe.
ulsoit|singledesperateugly, Not when majority of them come from military.
ulsoit|Hard_on_Collider, In a more reasonable world this would spark a moment of reflection.  Ofc this is NS we talking abt.
ulsoit|MiloPengAlsoCan, You think they will care?
ulsoit|ojsheng, As much as I agree with you, it's usually the other way round
ulsoit|singledesperateugly, Yes we need more soil scientists anyway
ulsoit|shesellseychelles, That's still a better league than anyone from SG is playing in tho. To be fair i think Hariss Harun can defo cut it in League 1 but he was making bank in JDT/LCS
ulsoit|PastLettuce8943, He's not playing in League 1. He's warming the bench in League 1.
ulsoit|None, [deleted]
ulsoit|DisillusionedSinkie, Yeah, we lucked out with Ikhsan Fandi, hopefully Ilhan too
ulsoit|Th0r0ngi1, Fandi Ahmad wasn't exactly a football prodigy, the English league 1 is probably a league below the Dutch first league and although unlikely I wouldn't be too surprised to see Ben turn out to be a better footballer
ulsoit|frocodile191, The difference is he was offered a professional contract by Fulham. He applied for deferment which was not approved. Playing sports in NS would’ve stunted his career.   Would this “fella from your school” choose to play basketball in the SAF if he was given the chance to train in the US with an NBA team?   Saying he doesn’t lose anything is very wrong.
ulsoit|rabfwbms, I serve and I don’t think it’s a slap to my face if he managed to avoid it. Everyone has their own set of opportunities and they have every right to take it. I don’t get this mentality of just because I serve I have to make sure everyone serve as well. It’s just selfish, I rather wish people well to chase their dreams than being stuck 2 years in NS even tho I did so.
ulsoit|Krononz, Shut your stupid face, you don't speak for everyone who served. I did 2.5 years, and absolutely support his decision to default. You just sound like another sore loser who's not happy that others can have better things that you.
ulsoit|uglyboy11, > When you do NS you don’t “lose” anything  you lose 2 years of your life.  >if you play sports then you’ll play sports in NS. A fella from my school played basketball for the SAF  comparing playing sports at a professional level to at army level? lol?  >Singapore will lose something if you DON’T do NS  yeah free labor, sure.  >We lose security   garbage excuse that should be the government's issue not ours.  >it’s also a slap in the face to everyone else who served.  why would you feel offended that others dont suffer the same way we did? maybe we shouldn't have air con and suffer the heat the same way our ancestors did, so they won't feel the slap in their face.
ulsoit|aMinerInconvenience, >slap in the face  You hold someone back like this because muh NS and I will really slap you in the face. Don't need anyone else losing anything just because I did the 2 years.
ulsoit|DuhMightyBeanz, Losing 2 years of time, career development and opportunity costs incurred isn't anything? You're the one that seriously lost the plot.
ulsoit|Aerizon, Advice - Don’t bother arguing for NS on r/sg. They all hate it and nothing will change their mind.
ulsoit|FitCranberry, be afraid ooga booga
ulsoit|plstellmewhyitisso, This is the first time I am saying this in my life:  Boomer, please get off the internet.
ulsoit|NitroColdBrewCoffee, Honestly, 2nd Division is still lightyears ahead of any league in Asia.
ulsoit|plstellmewhyitisso, This dude characterizes the pure stinking shit that any enterprising person needs to avoid.  He will be that voice in your head that constantly reminds you that you can't do it, so don't even try. Unfortunately because this person breathes and exists, you can't really imagine that he doesn't exist. All you can do is give him some candy for his sad, unimaginative, and jaded life, and just skip away merrily to your own dreams.
ulsoit|sennethK, when i was going thru an issue like this, they told me once the flight even touches down on the tarmac. they have the right to come up and arrest :/
ulsoit|zombieslayer287, Fucking scary…
ulsoit|Goenitz33, Yur maybe get diplomatic immunity would be really amusing to see.
ulsoit|Focux, your optimism in the executive arm of the government might be terribly misplaced but for all I know, I could really be wrong at the end of the day (I better be for the sake of "integrity")
ulsoit|scissorsonmydesk, >Dominic tan  He didn't default, he renounced in time. Ben Davis defaulted so its different.
ulsoit|DisillusionedSinkie, Two different cases as u/scissorsonmydesk has explained
ulsoit|SebastianForsenFors, Do u have a link saying he renounced?
ulsoit|RozyBarbie, > Fandi Ahmad wasn't exactly a football prodigy  Fandi was playing for our national team at 16 years old and scoring regularly. He was already very famous in SE Asia by 18 when he went for trials with Ajax Amsterdam and was offered a three year contract. For context, in the 80s, Ajax was one of the top sides in Europe.  Fandi is not a football prodigy? What are you smoking? Lol
ulsoit|livebeta, General Staff caliber. Must nominate NYC over too
ulsoit|onetworomeo, There’s this Facebook page called The Reservist that basically has a huge hate-boner for Ben Davis lol.  At the peak of the saga, they were writing editorials about him all day. Even nowadays, whenever there’s some sportsperson who has an achievement, they can’t resist sliding in references to Ben Davis.  Anyway yeah they’re weird.
ulsoit|FitCranberry, alot of boomers past a certain age actually didnt serve and theyre just talking from propaganda and their asses
ulsoit|singledesperateugly, It is tragic that we are asking our first and only gold Olympic winner to serve NS while the son of a certain KFC can serve NS by being a soil scientist
ulsoit|stotyreturns, I believe they were committed to serve but not able to give a definitive date as, understandably, nobody can predict the trajectory of his career to such a degree. If he were to interrupt his career while developing at the highest level it would have stifled his opportunities. I believe MINDEF had the capability to draw out a more bespoke set of KPIs for this instance but they did not do that. I feel they had a duty to do that at least.
ulsoit|Weir-Doe, Nope, the correct timeline was 1. Ben Davis father cannot commit when his son will come back to SG to serve NS 2. JS said something like "Follow your dreams" to Ben Davis in a newspaper interview & 3. Miraculously we were told when JS will come back to serve NS
ulsoit|deangsana, if u will only grant deferment to the next mbappe, u will never get the next mbappe
ulsoit|FitCranberry, thailand is consistently considered the best in its region. this sentiment is especially rich coming from the standards of this island
ulsoit|FitCranberry, hows the silent coup coming along
ulsoit|clusterfuvk, Hes playinh for Oxford now tho
ulsoit|scissorsonmydesk, ERR he's no longer with Fulham. And even if he was with Fulham, he didn't feature much with the U23s, he's nowhere close to the first-team squad.
ulsoit|CisternOfADown, Was bummed out when Ikhsan chose to return to ASEAN but since his Norwegian club got promoted to the top league I guess they hinted he wasn't needed.
ulsoit|stotyreturns, We will never know how far they could have gone if they hadn’t disrupted their careers for NS.
ulsoit|Oscarizxc, >	Fandi Ahmas wasn't exactly a football prodigy  *Guys, we have a soccer expert over here!* /s
ulsoit|FitCranberry, 2 groups of people here, one who celebrates the people who managed to uplift themselves by their own merit and the other, kick screaming and crying out of jealousy that not everyone has to wallow in the mud with them
ulsoit|stotyreturns, I completely agree and is dismayed how often this sentiment is expressed. I served 2.5 years in probably the toughest unit and I’ll be more than happy if our elite sportsmen are granted deferment to chase their dreams.
ulsoit|FitCranberry, status quo defenders are way more dangerous to the service and to the island than any defaulter. it gets kids killed in the service for no reason
ulsoit|clusterfuvk, Don't even need to field the B team, the U21 would suffice
ulsoit|scissorsonmydesk, Nah. League One is not better than Japan or Saudi's League.    Besides, a League One TEAM might be better than most Asian teams. But a League One PLAYER alone is not that much better than the mid-top range Asian players. The teams are of better quality due to money available, infrastructure, coaching environment etc. but individual players technical abilities are really not that far off from the mid-top range Asian players.
ulsoit|Brainbasherer, Is it. I don watch enough of it to know. But I did peak at Oxford United last few games. He does not even make the bench. So ya. But I'm not sour, wishing him the best career in the future. Who am I kidding. Break a leg and have a forgotten career man.
ulsoit|Brainbasherer, Can't tell you how much I'm sorry you feel that way. But hey you do you k.
ulsoit|PartTimeBomoh, What issue did you have??
ulsoit|zaphrode, and fucking stupid
ulsoit|UnintelligibleThing, Some more Dominic Tan renounced SG PR, not citizenship. I've had a classmate  back in sec sch who did this after O Level. Renouncing SG PR has no conditions unlike renouncing SG Citizenship.
ulsoit|melancholysg29, Is there such a thing called renouncing in time?
ulsoit|SebastianForsenFors, Do u have a link saying he renounced?
ulsoit|Seven_feet_under, Wtf. “Fandi not a football prodigy”  has to be a dumbest reddit take in a while.
ulsoit|zombieslayer287, Bunch of sad old fucks. Pathetic crabs in a bucket. Cancer of sg society
ulsoit|pencilbreads, Disgusting, and i thought the complaint sg page was bad enough
ulsoit|seabmariner, In what ways have u practiced sinkie pwn sinkie today?
ulsoit|FitCranberry, emasculated small dick syndrome. everyone must suffer as i have to be a real man!
ulsoit|Remitonov, I guess they worship at the alter of CFC Loh Kean Yew.
ulsoit|Cautious_Medicine544, Didnt serve still have the cheek to say?
ulsoit|zed_j, Mbappe was world cup winner at 19, even before 18 years old enlistment age he was playing first team football in Ligue 1. Messi debuted for Barcelona at 16. I’m just saying we should only give exceptions to true talents. And even if we don’t look at the best, a lot of players make debut for their first team at a top division club before age 18, but Ben Davis doesn’t even make it for Fulham. If not exceptions can be given to lots of people. I’m just discussing the threshold where line should be drawn.
ulsoit|None, [deleted]
ulsoit|Aerizon, i will just say that NS is a complex issue. Zealots are bad, no matter which position they take.
ulsoit|LostNegotiation13, so you're saying Al-Hilal is gonna win Sunderland in an official match with a full first 11 for both teams? lmao please keep your retarded soccer opinions to yourself
ulsoit|sennethK, dual citizen stuff. Was asking about the consequences and such with MFA and CMPB  at that point
ulsoit|Covaloch, Because? I mean he had a choice, he knew consequences, so what's stupid about it
ulsoit|Unlucky-Patience6438, I DECLARE… BANKRUPTCY.
ulsoit|Carbonaddictxd, Seems like Dominic Tan was just a PR while Ben Davies is still a citizen
ulsoit|deangsana, it takes an ecosystem to raise such talents, and such ecosystem wont exist with your attitude
ulsoit|ILoveVitasoy, What? If you google English League 1 all you will get are results for League One, not for the Championship. It's literally called the EFL League 1
ulsoit|ILoveVitasoy, Are you nuts? Al Hilal gave Chelsea a run for their money and you think they can't beat Sunderland? What kind of opinion is this? And you still dare to call people retarded somemore lmao. Ridiculous.
ulsoit|Soitsgonnabeforever, Sunderland may draw in a friendly. But will win hands down 40 out of 50 competitive games
ulsoit|bukitbukit, Sunderland? Jeonbuk would makan them too.
ulsoit|scissorsonmydesk, >so you're saying Al-Hilal is gonna win Sunderland in an official match with a full first 11 for both teams?  Did I write or say that? No. Learn to read before you write and maybe you'll go further in life that way.
ulsoit|AtavisticApple, Scare tactics — the prohibition on dual citizenship is almost never enforced. Many of the elites have dual citizenships themselves.
ulsoit|AtavisticApple, Scare tactics — the prohibition on dual citizenship is almost never enforced. Many of the elites have dual citizenships themselves.
ulsoit|zaphrode, stupid that the government is so inflexible abt ns
ulsoit|zed_j, That ecosystem is prior NS age or is it not? You develop talents only at 18? You could argue late bloomers but that really an issue that can’t be helped. How do you know if someone is a late bloomer again this will mean that anyone with a tiny bit of talent can be granted exemptions because who knows the guy can be a late bloomer.
ulsoit|NitroColdBrewCoffee, I will give Al Hilal an exception for that match, they really did play super well. Heck, they have Ighalo who was from Man U afterall. Sadly, they still lost, so cant really use them as an proof to justify how they would beat Sunderland honestly.
ulsoit|LostNegotiation13, arguing with a fool proves there are two. don't bother to indulge such rediculous notions
ulsoit|NitroColdBrewCoffee, Its quite clear you have never played competitive football.  Jeonbuk couldnt even beat Hoang Anh from Vietnam in ACL, let alone touch Sunderland.. what are you eating bro...  The gap quality between each league in Asia is not that big of a difference in terms of quality.  In Europe, they are very competitive. I wouldn't be surprised if some semi-pro team can still beat our ass. Afterall, majority of those were EPL teams  youth products afterall, just didn't meet the cut.
ulsoit|LostNegotiation13, Thanks for your concern, but I know how to read and infer. You just said league one as a league isn't better than Japans or Saudis. So why can't al-hilal who the champion of your supposed better league not win Sunderland? Who aren't even the champions in an inferior league?
ulsoit|CrowdGoesWildWoooo, For high-profile cases like this it is not impossible for it to be enforced at him.   Governments (not only SG) like to set example if given spotlight, meaning they could go all-in on him just for the sake of setting example. Example would be like wikileaks or silk road bosses, while they could deserve some sentences one would could argue the prosecution was overblown just for the sake of setting an example.
ulsoit|MiloPengAlsoCan, Good to know 😁
ulsoit|samglit, Don’t tell.  There’s no reason to investigate unless they’ve been outed (by themselves or others).   It’s very dangerous to apply for passport renewals though since there’s a declaration about foreign citizenship which is a serious offence to lie about.
ulsoit|sennethK, i actually am not an "elite" in singapore so :///
ulsoit|Covaloch, I mean, where would YOU draw the line, genuinely curious. What opportunities should be given the special treatment to defer NS, and why?
ulsoit|deangsana, few will be willing to put in the investment when they are young because the risk reward is not worth it because of such risk adverse mentality from the top
ulsoit|ILoveVitasoy, Oh I see. Giving the best team in Europe a run for their money somehow does not indicate that they would beat the 40-50th best team in England. Alright then.
ulsoit|Book3pper, To many Singaporeans, if you are not in the top league, you are a failure which is the typical Singaporean mindset.  The type who will tell their children who made it to a championship side in England to go to some Asian "top league" because championship side is in the 2nd tier, not realizing the quality.
ulsoit|ILoveVitasoy, Why you gotta sound so salty sia, there was no reason to add the jibe that the OP didn't play competitive football lmao 90+% of people who watch football clearly do not play it.   You're judging a team based on one game, because what, a Vietnamese team is supposed to be a farmer team?  Why are you even comparing based on that, I too can probably find an embarrassing Sunderland club exit to some semi pro side. You're just making generalisations that European teams that are way below tier can somehow still whack top Asian sides who are giving the best European sides a run for their money in CWC, so no idea what you're on tbh.   If you want a jibe, I can definitely say that you don't watch AFC Football.
ulsoit|LostNegotiation13, finally someone with actual brains and knowledge of what is discussing here. they think Kawasaki frontale as a team can beat lincoln city? epitome oxample   "arguing with a fool proves there are two"
ulsoit|AtavisticApple, Yeah, hence “almost never”. Most dual citizens don’t advertise this fact and the SG government can’t be arsed to investigate if they don’t do anything flagrantly illegal.
ulsoit|MiloPengAlsoCan, Now you are
ulsoit|AtavisticApple, Regardless, almost no one has ever been prosecuted solely for having dual citizenship. The only case I recall is someone who was under investigation by the ISD for terrorist activity but that was because they didn’t have anything else to charge him with.
ulsoit|Jizzipient, I understand the spirit of your question, but my line is safely behind what Ben could have achieved if he could go to Fulham as a Singapore boy *then* come back and serve. Maybe not your traditional 3+18 months rotation but in another capacity.  I know "high profile" is really vague and hard to measure, I'm not a sport person myself but even I know EPL is like, really up there.  As to what role he can serve in NS, where the line is, what does high profile mean, I'm sure the government scholars can generate some sort of metrics and reach a consensus.
ulsoit|NitroColdBrewCoffee, Do you have any other examples of an Asian team nearly beating a European team? If not, I think dont bother to argue anymore. Also, is your vocab really that limited? How many time are you going to use "a run for their money" in this post lol.
ulsoit|None, [deleted]
ulsoit|KrispyKrmee, You argument here is a little contradictory imo. You said that guy above is judging a team based on one game, but you are also doing the same aren't you?   Your only proof to the whole argument is just with this Al Hilal team giving Chelsea 'a run for their money in CWC'. Any other examples you could point out? Just want to learn here, not trying to argue with you.
ulsoit|NitroColdBrewCoffee, Exactly my point. If you have never played competitive football, you just won't realise how big the gap in the footballing abilities is between European and Asian football league is, let alone Southeast Asia vs Europe.  Yes, I don't watch AFC football much anymore, but having played semi-profesionally in one of the teams, I know where we stand.  And no, which part did I suggest that Hoang Anh team is supposed to be a farmer team? Why are you trying to invalidate my argument here, do you not have any other rebuttal to this anymore?   Also, just like what the other dude said, give us an example of when an Asian team actually beat a European side. If you can't find any, the argument ends here.
ulsoit|Seven_feet_under, Nah. He was not asking for temporary deferment. He was asking for a long term deferment for his career.  Schooling had an enlistment date in mind. So did zheng wen(i think). Davis here wanted to just fuck off permanently under the guise of doing singapore a sporting favour.  In that sense you can’t fault MINDEF’s reasoning here.   Not dissing him becoming a pro at fulham. But i suspect it was something of the club did for their youth players once the players hit 18.   As for SG football. Hais. They looked like they gassed out in the second half.
ulsoit|ILoveVitasoy, Al Jazira?  Kashima Antlers took perhaps the best Real Madrid Team to extra time.  I think you're the one with the poor ball knowledge here.
ulsoit|indaffa, Lmao just take the L
ulsoit|ILoveVitasoy, Dude who the fuck is the keyboard warrior here, you're the one making the ridiculous take that a team that went head to head with the best team in Europe is supposed to be worse than the 40th-50th best team in England and calling others retarded for disagreeing.   Couldn't give a rat's shit about your flexing of your connections or what not tbh, if you're that desperate to win an internet fight honestly do whatever you want and remember to tag all of us when your prediction is right.
ulsoit|ILoveVitasoy, If you want to go further back, Al Jazira and Kashima both lost narrowly to Real Madrid, Kashima even taking them to ET.   My point is that judging continentally, top Asian team vs top European team is a far more accurate measurement than top Asian team being unable to beat weak asian team. The point of comparison isn't even valid in the latter.
ulsoit|ILoveVitasoy, > give us an example of when an Asian team actually beat a European side.  No, that's not what I'm supposed to do actually.   Why am I supposed to give an example of an Asian side beating a European side when the only competitive encounters are in the Club WC, where it's the best European side against the best Asian sides?   And that is supposed to tell me that the 40-50th best English team can beat the best Asian side? Your logic simply baffles me.  If you think you can run away with your argument and generalise based on nothing other than your "anecdotal semi pro experience" in AFC compared to actually watching consistently both AFC and European football, then you're quite the pompous one here.
ulsoit|Fat_unker, What's wrong with that? Do we lose that much by letting him go pursue his sporting career for 12-16 years? Let's be real SAF won't miss another soldier but our national team definitely misses Ben Davies
ulsoit|LostNegotiation13, The real l is thinking Saudi league champion can win any league one side. It's ok not to know everything, but the people above are acting like they are the next mino riola
ulsoit|LostNegotiation13, That was a friendly competition with literally nothing involved, bookies could easily fixed and just ask Chelsea to take it easy make the score respectable. If u think 9 Saudis with 2 imports are gonna win any league one team then  more power to you. I asked my telegram soccer fpl chat which consists of mostly english. All of them mocked me and said  a mid table league 2 sides is possible still unlikely
ulofyd|minisoo, Meanwhile, you report to work next day and hear some of your ceo telling everyone how glad he is to have everyone back in office and highly encourages everyone to come back to office at least four days per week..
ulofyd|ArtisticVolume, Lol please tell my SME boss to wake up his idea. Want ppl to come to office, but ppl in office havjng zoom meetings with senior managers who somehow can WFH. Biasness at every level
ulofyd|Tempestuous-, Shoulda woulda coulda...
ulofyd|_IsNull, I believe it when govt stop talking and start rolling out plans across CS.
ulofyd|avandleather, This sounds like researchers announcing breakthroughs in science and medicine every 2 years. It sounds amazing for a day, and then we never see it come to fruition again.
ulofyd|DuhMightyBeanz, The moment 100% WFO was available, we became 100% WFO.  This is just empty vessel making noise sia.
ulofyd|stonehallow, We need an overhaul of work culture here. My company just instituted a minimum 2 times work from office policy subject to discretion of department heads. There are some departments for which this makes sense but for my job function we have absolutely zero need to step into the office to get the job done. Still, my boss said we have to come in 2 times a week. He insists it's not just to 'show face' but cannot properly articulate why we have to come in beyond 'other sections are doing it' and 'its the employer's prerogative', adding 'you all cannot expect to just 'disappear' forever'. I'm cool with going into the office if there's an actual need for it but not to take part in this culture of 'show face'.
ulofyd|jmzyn, Permission to carry on Mdm!
ulofyd|xHarleyy, “Should”  Local sme boss : ok noted
ulofyd|treyfiddy, this is just a contrarian opinion to make us think we're not SG Pte. Ltd. It will never be enforced only "encouraged" which means it'll never take effect 🤣
ulofyd|stockflethoverTDS, Nice.
ulofyd|MrBottle, Easy for you MPs to say that when you guys always WFH until election.
ulofyd|CommieBird, Without a right to disconnect WFH will bite us in the ass. Eating dinner at home? Your computer at home right? Send document now. Going out enjoying yourself? You got phone right? Screw you I need you to send email now.
ulofyd|theycallmethewizzard, Lol this is like when you are a kid and go to a friend with strict parents and the parents say that they'll consider letting you guys watch a PG13 movie.   It's not happening.
ulofyd|syahawesome, Just make it a law already then, stop all this “talk” should, would, could all BS
ulofyd|sneakpeek_bot, > # Flexible work arrangements should be permanent feature: Gan Siow Huang  > SINGAPORE - Even as Covid-19 safe management measures at the workplace continue to ease in tandem with the coronavirus situation, the flexible work arrangements introduced as an urgent measure to protect public health have drawn calls from many employees to be made permanent.  > Minister of State for Manpower Gan Siow Huang said in Parliament on Monday (May 9) that Ministry of Manpower (MOM) surveys show that the majority of employers are keen to continue flexible work arrangements even after the pandemic ends, given the benefits that these initiatives bring to both employers and employees.  > This follows a statement by the tripartite partners - MOM, Singapore National Employers Federation and National Trades Union Congress - last month that called for practices such as working from home and staggered hours at the workplace to be made permanent.  > Ms Gan noted that "for the provision of flexible work arrangements to be a sustainable and effective permanent measure, employers will need sufficient time and support to find the right calibration that works best for their employees while meeting business needs".  > She was responding to a question from Jalan Besar GRC MP Wan Rizal Wan Zakariah on whether MOM would go beyond encouraging employers to retain and promote flexible work schemes.  > Ms Gan said, over the next few years, the tripartite partners will strengthen training for companies, so they can implement these arrangements "in a win-win and sustainable manner", such as in the areas of human resources and job redesign.  > "We will also partner our work-life ambassadors on the ground to support the implementation of flexible work arrangements," she added.  > These ambassadors include business leaders, human resource practitioners and other workers who raise awareness about the business value of work-life harmony to employers and share their experiences on how to achieve work-life harmony with employees.  > She also said the partners will bring more companies on board the voluntary Tripartite Standard on Flexible Work Arrangements.  > The Straits Times reported in March that the Government aims to increase the adoption of the voluntary standard by employers, which had covered 27 per cent of all employees, to 40 per cent by the end of this year, a target set out in the White Paper on Singapore Women's Development.  > On what following the standards entail, she said: "This means having a clear policy on how to request flexible work arrangements and managing employees' expectations on its responsible use, timely communication of outcomes of flexible work arrangement requests as well as fair and objective evaluation of employees'... requests."  > She noted the public service has taken the lead to adopt the tripartite standards and added that the steps will put companies in good stead to comply with the upcoming tripartite guidelines that will be introduced by 2024.  > The compulsory guidelines will require employers to fairly and properly consider flexible work arrangement requests.  > "Together, these efforts will establish the norm that it is acceptable to request flexible work arrangements, while maintaining employers' prerogative to assess and decide on flexible work arrangement requests based on their business and operational needs."  --- 1.0.2 | [Source code](https://github.com/fterh/sneakpeek) | [Contribute](https://github.com/fterh/sneakpeek)
ulofyd|DegreePitiful3496, Madam say, so all companies better follow. If not companies all sign extra.
ulofyd|ConsistentMango, Heard from my friends working in the civil service are working hybrid, but those in Govt linked companies are not.
ulofyd|fijimermaidsg, What's a "work-life ambassador"?
ulofyd|FitCranberry, ‘should’ and ‘might’ needs to be banned from their speeches. itd make them try harder at least
ulofyd|ongcs, Please take note, she said "flexible", not "permanent WFH".
ulofyd|mrwagga, Nice. Let’s be inflexible about flexible work arrangement.
ulofyd|thewind21, 4 days a week?  Amateurs.  CEO tells you to go to office 5 days a week to enjoy the new coffee machine!
ulofyd|precipiceblades, Usually when gov say, they will implement it in the public sector. Sort of saying public sector should lead the way. In this case, i do know of some colleagues in a certain agency whose dept kept wfh arrangements even after the 100% wfo announcement with no plans to change it
ulofyd|cheecken, To be fair, they already are. No change in working arrangements (2-3 day WFH a week) in my friends' stat boards/ ministries even after the govt announced 100% of staff can work from office.
ulofyd|tryingmydarnest, PSD current standard is 3 days wfo 2 days wfh. Depts can have flexibility to tweak a bit.   Whether this will be permanent remains to be seen.
ulofyd|jackology, I will be truly impressed if they can roll out in the infantry regiment.
ulofyd|Jammy_buttons2, Cs already hybrid liao unless your work doesn't allow it
ulofyd|ed19900621, I’m working for one of the polytechnics right now, and I saw an email circulating around that the government is encouraging a 3 day in office, 2 day wfh arrangement for all govt agencies. My department adheres to it. I also heard that an acquaintance who works in another govt agency is still 100% WFH, though I can’t verify that.  Honestly speaking, I don’t think it is that bad, although I would personally still prefer a 100% WFH position.
ulofyd|Aerizon, so you’d rather the government stick their fingers into everything and enforce everything? 🤦‍♂️
ulofyd|zombieslayer287, Dumbass boss denying it’s for show face
ulofyd|illEagle96, Best solution is to just switch off the laptop, the phone and the brain at home
ulofyd|Initial_E, You're right that it needs to be written into law. But I feel some countries have gone too far, like France. And I doubt that when it is written down that anybody will like it, either business or employee side.
ulofyd|Big_Nas_Y, 5 days a week?  Amateurs  CEO comes in 4 days a week while we come in 6.5 days to enjoy 3 in 1 coffee!
ulofyd|sriracha_cucaracha, >, i do know of some colleagues in a certain agency whose  OGP?
ulofyd|jeemchan, +1. At least 2 big-name agencies I know are keeping 1-2 day WFH.
ulofyd|sangrelatto, Yeah give credit where it's due, 3 days in office per week. I thought 5 days back for sure
ulofyd|ceddya, Yup, my mom works for NLB and have been given a 3 day WFH arrangement.
ulofyd|_IsNull, That’s more like agency level and not a govt official stand or else I would expect leo yip to announce something.
ulofyd|Babyborn89, Doubt so. They still "encourage" you to go to the office. Unless you are sick then work from home.
ulofyd|darknezx, Different agencies will have the flexibility to choose for their workforce. But yes, the default will be 2 days WFH as a guide. 100% in office will still be possible if operational demands call for it.
ulofyd|DuhMightyBeanz, Lucky you man, enjoy it while it lasts. No telling when all these WFH policies will rollback fully for everyone else.
ulofyd|DuhMightyBeanz, Great strawman. Did I mention anything about country wide enforcement? 🤦‍♂️
ulofyd|Goenitz33, Tbh France is right to do that if not you get clowns like my colleagues who try to showcase that they are impt and sends msg / calls on weekday nights after 11pm or Sat / Sun morning like 7am asking stupid question abt work.
ulofyd|JokerD03, You guys are getting coffee?
ulofyd|cheecken, As mentioned by other people, >= 2 day WFH a week is a public service-wide PSD guideline. PSD guideline very powerful one OK.. If never comply the agency better give good justification.
ulofyd|decennia32, It was already publicly announced previously. So no, not an agency level thing.  https://www.channelnewsasia.com/singapore/hybrid-work-wfh-psd-public-service-civil-servants-work-norms-2461036
ulofyd|cheecken, You are working in the wrong place man. Most public servants are 50% WFH now. The only exceptions I know are those working in Mindef/MHA.
ulofyd|bukitbukit, Friends of mine in the Ministries are still 50% WFH, some 60%. Not sure about the stat boards though.
ulofyd|Aerizon, Do you even realise what you are criticizing?  You commented that the government official only “makes noises”, and therefore she is an empty vessel. Therefore not to be an empty vessel, they have to take action i.e enforcement?  I advocate for LESS government intervention, not more.
ulofyd|_IsNull, “Public sector agencies should determine the specific provisions that best suit the business needs and operating context of their organisation. Officers should also adjust their work-from-home schedule to give precedence to organisational needs,” it said.   It also noted that new hires may not be able to work from home as much at the start given the need to orientate them to the organisation or help them develop bonds with colleagues.   It’s still agency level. They can choose not to do it.
ulofyd|DuhMightyBeanz, Can you even distinguish how a comment someone makes can be empty but not the person?   Also, how does making an empty comment produce a false equivalence of "take action i.e enforcement"?  Great strawman, try again if you'd like.
ulofyd|gydot, Of course its agency level. The head honcho can't blanket rule for everyone.   Can Mcdonalds outlet employees WFH? No because of the nature of the job, right? I don't think they can or want to speak on behalf of all agencies with multi multi multi needs.
ulofyd|decennia32, This just means agencies have some flexibility/discretion, but the overarching policy position is to adopt a hybrid approach. Otherwise what would constitute as govt taking a stance to you? That all agencies must absolutely adopt a hybrid approach, and that agencies cannot have any discretion even if there are legitimate considerations?
ulofyd|Jammy_buttons2, Eh cause not every civil servant is office based. Pretty sure police officers and teachers may find it had to wfh
ulofyd|_IsNull, In proper company the blanket policy ensure everyone must work remotely if they want. Then individual function need justify why they need these to work in office everyday . This maximise the amount of people working remotely and how they can reduce that instead of the other way which could left some people out or overzealous management.   Blacklist vs whitelist.
ulofyd|Jammy_buttons2, Really don't know what you trying to say
ulnufs|und4niable, Hello! I play guitar for a local indie rock band called Subsonic Eye, and we'll be playing a show at Gateway Theatre this Friday 13 May (Friday) with Sobs and Cosmic Child to help raise funds for our upcoming USA tour in June. If you would like to come, the last few tickets are up for sale at the link written at the bottom of the poster! Hope to see you there :)
ulnufs|uyghurs_in_paris, Sobs is amazing
ulnufs|rycbarm1234, Ohhh these guys have legit interesting music. And are nice too!
ulnufs|Curious_Relation_980, Big fan here LETS GOOOO
ulnufs|malteseexile, Any plans to come to the U.K.? Awesome to see local music represented overseas (:
ulnufs|DarthDanial, I got the tickets!!! Can't wait to see everyone from SoBs and Cosmic Child too!  Really vibing with Sun Kissed Skin rn (:
ulnufs|Fat_unker, Are you guys planning to tour NYC? If so I'll see you there (:
ull2he|seekers123, I'm sorry but his sentence is way too lenient for often he tortured that poor kid. And how did the mother not notice any of injuries her kid had?
ull2he|Other-Shame3044, 👁👄👁 How come he’s not sentence to death? He murder his stepdaughter.
ull2he|not_a_redittor_425, Why no death sentence? He murdered the child
ull2he|throwaway_afterusage, "given jail, caning for kicking stomach of 4-year-old stepdaughter, who later died"  &#x200B;  so he murdered her. and he's only in jail?
ull2he|ksilver21, Only 9 years? You got to be kidding. Where is the justice?
ull2he|nextlevelunlocked, > In 2017, he placed a showerhead with hot water flowing out of it on the girl's back for five to six seconds, causing scald marks. In 2018, he slammed the girl's head against the floor, causing bruising.  Is he mentally ill. Should give him a lifelong ban on being around or alone with children.
ull2he|Thefunincaifun, >In Salihin's evidence, he said that he was reacting angrily when kicking the victim and "simply kicked what was in front of him, which happened to be the victim's abdomen", said the judge.  I thought our legal system has something against people who are 'willfully blind' in committing an offence.
ull2he|diediemustsay, For 9 years, he'd be out in 6 minus with all the deductions.  He KILLED someone, a defenseless 4 year old girl, for Christ sake!  The mother too, should be punished for this tragic incident, surely she must've noticed or knew of the assaults.
ull2he|stormearthfire, Kick a kid to death - 9 years Bring in some weed - death..  Justice indeed
ull2he|Skiiage, We should seriously consider a straight ban across the board on corporal punishment. Too many people hide flagrant abuse of children behind a veneer of discipline.  As for this guy and this case specifically, he killed a child. Even if it doesn't amount to murder (and it probably doesn't) it's nuts that he only gets 9 years considering the scale of punishments we have. Throw the book at him.
ull2he|cflynn07, he might get at most 10 years but a guy with a bag of weed gets the gallows??
ull2he|Babyborn89, The monster should not get caned. He should be kicked in the stomach too, at least until the same condition. Then send him for surgery, let him recover and repeat.
ull2he|CrispyChips44, Peeps not knowing our own laws, or at least bother to read the article to know that the dude couldn't be proven beyond a reasonable doubt that he committed murder
ull2he|Lakyr94, Ofcoz cannot give death sentence lah…. Later woke all make noise
ull2he|thepalom22, The caning is honestly stupid, but this guy deserves more than 9 years...
ull2he|Effective-Lab-5659, This is crazy. Would he have done the same if it’s his own child?
ull2he|Additional_Chef_8793, The article did mention that the monster didn’t inform the mother that he kicked his step-daughter. There may not have been visible bruising in the girl’s stomach area?  I guess he might have gaslighted or lied to the mother of previous injuries sustained by the step-daughter being a result her mischievousness. He could have used discipline as an excuse too. Either that, the mother chose to turn a blind eye, which I hope that wasn’t the case…
ull2he|Jammy_buttons2, Not premeditated. Murder charge in Singapore require per-mediation ie intent to kill. Just because someone died doesn't make it a murder
ull2he|MadeByHideoForHideo, Did he possess some white powder? Guess he didn't. That's like way worse than this.
ull2he|Lakyr94, Later all the woke make noise how?
ull2he|Graeyscale_creates, Because... Because uhh... Chinese privilege! What do you mean he's not Chinese?
ull2he|Zukiff, I'm in favor of a lifelong ban on his freedom
ull2he|stuff7, Woah must be a pro drug druggie, our drug laws are PERFECT and if u say bad things about it means ur pro drug and supports the ruining of families!!!  the only way to stop the ruining of families is DEATH PENALTY!!! Also me sinkie wanna see ppl get pawned so i can sleep well :)  ^^^^^^pls ^^^^^^dont ^^^^^^point ^^^^^^out ^^^^^^our ^^^^^^hypocracy ^^^^^^in ^^^^^^this ^^^^^^particular ^^^^^^case
ull2he|whatsnewdan, Weed guy gets higher (pun intended) sentence
ull2he|Skiiage, Because uhhhh you might kill someone by hitting them with the weed.
ull2he|Glittering-Hope-8897, At least there is caning.  Lots of countries don’t even have that.  They just sit in jail for a couple of years and be released.  Like that Korean rapist who got release some time last year.  After watching the movie, I still don’t know why the guy wasn’t given a much harsher sentence. Only 12 years for the violence and trauma he caused to the little girl.
ull2he|seekers123, Reading the article, this fker has abused her before, including scalding her with hot water. It is very likely the mother turned a blind eye. She must have been extremely negligent not to have noticed all the injuries her toddler was getting.
ull2he|RectumUnclogger, Yeah. From the article it looks like something he did in a fit of anger and not a premeditated crime
ull2he|None, [deleted]
ull2he|cflynn07, Govt logic 😂👍
ulnrxr|rheinl, Police friend respond to call, had to take down someone that hung himself  Until today he still gets nightmares
ulnrxr|germinativum, Broke my leg Broke my heart Broke my bank
ulnrxr|Kodecynite, A cough that never seem to disappear ever since drinking Tekong water for some reason, and one lower front tooth that is half gone (which is why you should never hold your flashlight in your mouth!)
ulnrxr|shitass75, I was firing the 84mm and the ear plug just happened to unlodge from my ear. Still get ringing sounds once in a while till this day.
ulnrxr|Lyinv, Lower slipped disk injury. On and off it comes back.
ulnrxr|hugthispanda, SCDF acquaintance had to retrieve the corpse of a construction worker who fell into a piling hole, and it was raining so the corpse didn't look so human anymore. Psychological trauma indeed.
ulnrxr|power_gust, Personally, I only started getting mild eczema outbreak in NS during outfields. Still have them once in a while to this day.  My main complaint is that bullying in NS has to be addressed. One of my old friend was so badly bullied when he was a sgt. We know he was badly bullied, but he never share detailed stories. The mental toll exacted on him was so traumatic, he was never the same. He sometimes rambled on strange stuff and have this soulless eyes all the time. Never look at people in the eyes when talking to them after NS. My friend and I tried to hang out with him as much as possible whenever he needed company. He eventually dropped out of Uni and started working odd jobs, that's when he cut contact with us.  That same guy was actually quite popular with girls, good in most sports, and not bad in studies during sec school. Just became a husk of his former self after NS. Truly Tragic. And this will never be recognized by Mindef.
ulnrxr|cedricSG, Ligament damage at the at my right wrist such that I can’t put my palm flat on a surface (like push-ups)without it hurting.  Tinnitus in my ears but more pronounced in my right ear
ulnrxr|Cute_Grapefruit_367, My right knee got hurt. The MO insisted nothing was wrong, but sometimes when running my knee feels like it's sprained, in the same way your ankle is sprained, and I have to stop.
ulnrxr|14high, I thought kena broken heart during NS enuff. Come outside, also kena broken heart.
ulnrxr|minisoo, I sustained injury during NS, while performing my duties in an overseas exercise. What I got was a free surgery, MC for one month, a free pair of clutches, and downgrade from combat fit to non combat fit. I am not sure if soldiers these days are better covered in terms of compensation, that you are actually seeking “attribution” of injuries to your SAF days. But for me, even the most basic financial compensation was unheard of when I was injured during an army exercise.
ulnrxr|matchaafries, Lost a little bit of my hearing because i was unlucky enough to have my ear plugs fall out while leopard crawling during a blank firing exercise.  No monetary compensation other than coverage for my checkups as it did not hit the threshold to be deemed serious, which I suppose was a good thing.  Still have problems hearing people speak when they are on the poorer side of my hearing nowadays though. :(
ulnrxr|stockflethoverTDS, Took awhile to recover but had really bad bottom of feet pain from all the running in the army. Now Im good a decade plus later. I think.  Also had poor knees and hips from climbing up and down a big big vehicle for years (reservists as well). Usually the pain happens after climbing or bending. But I feel ok today, gymming and strengthening and having a physical job has helped.  Also dislocated shoulder in BMT, went for op later and its ok today but sometimes pain do flair up.   I think Covid will fk some of us later than our SAF activities did.  Some of us got out of it poorly so I consider myself blessed did ok physically at the end.
ulnrxr|alvspurs, Not sure if this can be considered as an injury but it is foot rot for me. Have improved a lot especially the area between the toes but the skin of the sole and toes always tends to peel. For context, it has been 20 years since i ORD.
ulnrxr|Starwind13, Loose kneecap from GPMG load while walking during long missions. Medical specialist said I might have difficulty walking when I reach my 50s/60s.  Personally, I think SG as a country/society is decaying faster than others. I look back to 20 years ago and compare sg/hk/jpn/china then to sg/hk/jpn/china now. It really feels sad now seeing our elderly struggling to make ends meet while their children and government turn a blind eye. Is this what we do NS for?
ulnrxr|madking696969, Brain damage. Everyday
ulnrxr|Jjzeng, Tore meniscus in SCS, posted back to unit as clerk and after being ordered to follow the unit outfield as hq support staff, ended up with torn ACLs in both knees, 80% torn left knee and 50% torn right knee. Surgery on left knee after ATEC, but till this day i still have to wear knee guards on both knees to stabilize my knees during sports and to prevent further injury
ulnrxr|MyBestAintEnough, Both my ankles and my right knee are fucked from all the jumping and running with Alice pack. According to the doctor, eventually might have to slot in some metal plate as I grow older and the joints deteriorate further. Had a major skin related issue that first flared up during one of the tekan session outfield. Till date still visiting the specialist on and off when it flares up occasionally. Orded 8 years ago.
ulnrxr|urcommunist, Emotional damage.
ulnrxr|Shirojime, Knee that feels off everytime I walk when I was in tekong.  A forehead cut that needed stitches.
ulnrxr|jackology, Severe allergy to uniform.
ulnrxr|kuang89, I have a spinal cord fracture. one of my discs looks like it is a slightly crushed tin can, from jumping the 2m high "low" wall in SOC during BMT, 6 months later, they changed it to jumping 1m at a time before removing it now
ulnrxr|Intentionallyabadger, Wonky knee during ns. Went for scans and told to “rest”.   Few years later, knee becomes worse. Sorry after service liao. Please take your ippt.
ulnrxr|Zoisen, Got constantly tekan by encik & officer during course leading to depression.
ulnrxr|Wide_Protection_9136, Siao eh where got injury. I as fit as a bull.  I everyday morning 5BX.  I run 10km.  I jumping jack 100.  Where got time for injury?  /S
ulnrxr|kayserenade, During BMT, I developed issues with my right arm. I have slight scoliosis and due to my right shoulder being slightly slanted, most of the pressure of the heavy field pack goes to that shoulder. Due to that, I wasn't able to use my right arm properly for 1 year since it can't raise up more than 90 degrees and have very limited range and the doctors can see obvious winging on my right scapula. Sad part is, my bunk mates and sergeants thought I'm trying to "keng" until MO and a specialist confirmed it's real (Bruh, I'm only 3 weeks to ORD, why the need to keng!?). I get excuse heavy load and upper limb throughout my NS, but I had to renew that every 3 months but despite requests to down PES, board review rejected it, forcing me to be stuck as PES A.  Though physiotherapy did help recover it (thankfully all paid for), I still have issues to this day that if I carry a heavy backpack for too long, my right arm will start feeling numb, or get numb altogether.
ulnrxr|raspberrih, My bf: fractured both arms in the same place. In 2 consecutive months.  Reason: went roller skating with me.
ulnrxr|ahpau, insomnia/fucked body clock from night shift. was q bad after ord, cant sleep till 3-4am, had to resort to melatonin to force proper sleep schedule
ulnrxr|SimpleReadingSG90, Shoulder blade suffered a stress fracture during training in the Army.   Back suffered a sprain that hurts when carrying heavy bags.  ORDed in 2013. Small injuries that are more of an inconvenience to my daily life, not as bad as others in this thread.
ulnrxr|neekchan, I have foot rot until today.
ulnrxr|Paullesq, Chronic back pain. Unknown cause. Had it since my mid twenties.
ulnrxr|fishballmeepok, injured my right shoulder during low wall and never felt right ever since. this placed a cap on my bench press too cause it always felt weak.   and on the day of getting medical cleared for ORD, the medic mentioned i might have blood in my urine but they are gonna let me ORD anyway 🥲  but reading the stories about the scdf and police gruesome scenes really makes my case pale so much in comparison.. thanks guys for doing those jobs
ulnrxr|duckntackle, Not physical injury because thankfully for me, they healed up. But during my PNSF days, I responded to accidents or suicides. The blood and stench has never left me.
ulnrxr|Speedymclaren, My army days, I only a suffer heartbreak.
ulnrxr|inclore, Not really related but i broke my leg playing soccer during my first book out, Govt covered all my expenses + physio and paid my trainee pay for the 3 months mc that I was out.
ulnrxr|theSkareqro, Minor slip disc. This one jialat. Luckily it resolved by itself in like 3 months but the pain was unbearable. Shooting pain from back go down to the knee. Sometimes numb my leg. Had to do back exercises to strengthen my back muscles to push it back into place.  Stress fractured both my shins after gaining like 14kg and not playing football for  2 years. Then play nonstop for 2 months (weekly sometimes twice.). Shin splints turned to fracture. Quite bad. When you sit down resting got pulsating pain. I couldn't sleep. Did MRI all. 2 months HL
ulnrxr|ZeroPauper, Trigger thumb on my dominant hand from a ligament tear during heavy load carrying.   Been years since it happened but I still feel weakness in that hand when grabbing stuff (like the poles on public transport).
ulnrxr|Fisherpike, Used to be in the close combat unit and there was once we had a special day course hosted by external instructors. We were doing locks and when we got to finger locks, my buddy got a little too excited and bent my thumb too far back. I think it got sprained for a couple weeks, and now I can move my thumb knuckle in and out with a small poppy feeling lol doesnt hurt though
ulnrxr|Jveeyier, Fractured my left elbow and required surgery to install a metal plate. I can no longer bend my left arm inwards completely.
ulnrxr|uniquely_ad, My back still hurts from time to time after carrying multiple patients and loading them into the ambulance..sigh. People will just say I’m not fit enough..ugh so frustrating 8 years it still haunts me haais
ulnrxr|mithhaike, Im a obese guy, eagle company. BMT 6 continuous months of physical training for a fat guy who not used to such things after 20years of slack. Assigned to 4th floor bunk, no lift allowed of course.  My left knee suffered from severe pain, especially at night and raining, MO say i geng, i tell him send me MRI, no issues send me DB lor.  MRI came out my left knee patellar tenderititis, MRI obvious got a spot under knee cap. My knee is shit condition, had to go physio. Inside army still ok, still got free physio.  ORD le, civilian pay for own treatment. Now my left knee gone case. For 2 years of NS i got to suffer forever with my knee condition.
ulnrxr|PyroStormOnReddit, Mental damage from all sources imaginable inside and outside camp, as if bullying in school before then wasn't enough.    Counselling sessions throughout NS did **absolutely nothing**, and my condition continues to worsen, meanwhile camp mates, specs and enciks alike, continue to ghost my feelings while I desperately try to cry my heart out.    Finally got diagnosed with autism, but not before spending ~~hundreds~~ **thousands** as a civilian and continuously worry about what I should do next. So far the therapy I've been given are utterly useless and they wouldn't have me try anything better.     Up until now I keep telling myself "why did I bother staying alive through all that shit in NS" and that "I should've died given the chance back then".
ulnrxr|potatetoe_tractor, Our HomeTeam boys ought to receive lifetime support for mental health (esp when it comes to PTSD).
ulnrxr|power_gust, For real, many of my sec sch close friends were from SCDF, and some of them are still regulars. Every time we gather, they talk the gruesome stuff they encountered while in the force. Just listening to the stories makes me queasy. Respect.
ulnrxr|ahpau, same here. except mine was an ahma that couldn’t tahan her daughter in law anymore.   broke my heart completely as i stay w my grandparents.
ulnrxr|Intentionallyabadger, Police friend respond to call. Mad half naked man running around carpark with a hammer.   Took him down.. realised that he was also holding a needle. Needle pricked the other guy because my friend went for the arm with the hammer.   Was a sweaty few weeks as the other guy went under hiv testing.
ulnrxr|Graeyscale_creates, Our NSF contributions cannot be measured in dollars and cents!!
ulnrxr|MoonMan-2022, I feel like SPF and SCDF NSFs dont get enough respect. While SAF guys are busy digging holes in the ground or signing their name without touching the lines, SPF/SCDF guys are doing real work with real consequences.
ulnrxr|zenqian, Wah fuck. Stuff of nightmares
ulnrxr|FitCranberry, happens alot in saf toliets
ulnrxr|shadstrife123, wah hope you're in a better place bro
ulnrxr|Fat_unker, SAFs official position is that Tekong cough is a myth even though we all know it's bullshit.   Personally I developed a severe sinus infection and my voice changed throughout BMT. Had sinus surgery after BMT and ENT commented that my case was one of the worst he's seen
ulnrxr|DOGEMORALES, that sounds bad. have you gone to a specialist to get it checked out ?
ulnrxr|umusec, I got tinnitus too from firing SAR 21. Thankfully recovered after a few months.  I can remember lying in the dark listening to the ringing and wondering if I will be impacted for life.  Really sorry for you..
ulnrxr|eastsidegoondu, Got bullied pretty badly as a spec too. Learnt the easy way out was to stack as much MCs as possible and cut ties with everyone except two guys I was close to after ORD.  Reservist is weird because everyone kind of pretends it never happened, so I do too.
ulnrxr|Sproinkerino, The bullying aspect is so damn hard to control because some of the "leaders" inside are part of it.
ulnrxr|timlim029, I will point out that eczema tends to flare up around the early twenties if you had it as a kid, or if you have other allergies. So might not have been NS that caused it.
ulnrxr|ssudhars2001, Are you excused ippt permanently or u just carry on doing push-ups with the pain
ulnrxr|PotatoFeeder, Ask for MRI   Patella inflammation is not rare  If it randomly hurts during evening (6-8pm) even when youre resting   Quite likely
ulnrxr|PitcherTrap, During my time the only sure way i knew of was via permanent disability claim
ulnrxr|_sagittarivs, While on driving course many of my coursemates and zi complained that our left knee would hurt from time to time due to the 3-tonner clutch pedal, when climbing stairs. It became way better when we got our driving permits.
ulnrxr|shadstrife123, O. O  my entire platoon developed severe footrot after we were made to walk thru a swamp with chest level water during an exercise 😂  go get zarin cream if u haven't tried it yet, it worked for all of us. just whack gao gao for like a month or so
ulnrxr|shadstrife123, need additional 100 pushup and 100 situp then u can be 2 punch man
ulnrxr|shadstrife123, ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
ulnrxr|shadstrife123, eh try zarin it worked for me
ulnrxr|shadstrife123, omg ya i heard about my time, dragon company. which were guys 1 level lighter than the eagle boys. they went to do the 1m platform step off and like a few guys broke their ankles
